Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Names:Dark_Magician


 Dark Magician 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names Dungeon Dice Monsters  -  Character 
 Anime Anime Dungeon Dice Monsters Bandai Bandai Sealdass Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 Throughout its appearance in Arabic dub, this card has been referred to by several names:
 Fāris al-Ẓalām  (فارس الظلام) =  Dark Knight  (default) 
 Sāḥir al-Ẓalām  (ساحر الظلام) =  Dark Magician 
 Ḥāris al-Ẓalām  (حارس الظلام) =  Dark Guardian 
 Waraqat al-Ẓalām al-‘Ajībah  (ورقة الظلام العجيبة) =  Wondrous Dark Card 
 Fāris al-Ẓalām al-‘Ajīb  (فارس الظلام العجيب) =  Wondrous Dark Knight 
 In the German dub of Yu-Gi-Oh! and Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, this card was always called 'Schwarzer Magier' (' Black Magician '). However, the official German TCG name is a translation of the censored English card name ('Dunkler Magier'); this name also had to be used in Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal and The Dark Side of Dimensions. 
 An early Asian-English version version of "Dark Magician" was called Ｂｌａｃｋ・Ｍａｇｉｃｉａｎ, "Black Magician" is the literal translation of "Dark Magician's" Japanese name,  「ブラック・マジシャン」 as can be evidenced in the Japanese Set, " Champion of Black Magic " and the Japanese anime. 
 In the Spanish dub of the anime, this card was known as " Mago Oscuro ". 
 In the French dub of the anime, this card was known as " Magicien des Ténèbres ". 
 In the Swedish dub of the anime, this card's name wasn't changed from it's English. However, directly translated it should have been "Mörka Magikern". 
 In the Croatian dub of the anime, this card was known as " Mračni (mrachni) Čarobnjak (charobnjak) ". 
 In the Polish dub of the anime, this card was known as " Cień Magii " which means " Shadow Magic" 
 In the bosnian language, this card is known as  "Mračni Čarobnjak"  (eng - mrachni charobnjak -  Dark Magician ) 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Names, ((Navigation)) transclusions with "other" parameter