Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Player_(WC10)


 
 Player 
 
 
 
 
 Default male and female appearances of the player 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male Female 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Signers 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Arcadia Movement 
 
 
 
 
 WC 2010 
 Starter Deck Supplied Deck Anything 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 
 
 
 This article describes the playable character in the video game,  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia . The player choses the name and gender of the character, controls their actions and contents of their Deck.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Awakening - Arcadia Movement 
 2.2   Blast from the Past - Old Memories, a Team's Bond 
 2.3   The Meeting - The Spirit World and New Allies 
 2.4   The Journey - An Old Encounter, the Escape and a New Menace 
 2.5   Fate - Signers vs Dark Signers 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 
 
 Appearance 
 The player can wear any of the following clothing and customize its color:
 
 
 
 Outfit
 
 Applicable genders
 
 
 Arcadia Movement uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 The Enforcers 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Dark Signer 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Duel Academia uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Tag Force set 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Denim jacket 
 
 Male
 
 
 One-piece 
 
 Female
 
 
 Leather top and bottom 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 King replica model 
 
 Male
 
 
 Witch's dress 
 
 Female
 
 
 Security uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Rock 'n Roller 
 
 Male
 
 
 Worn-out clothes 
 
 Female
 
 
 Wild style 
 
 Male
 
 
 Race queen 
 
 Female
 
 
 Suit style 
 
 Male
 
 
 Career suit 
 
 Female
 
 
 Rough style 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Stuffed collar uniform 
 
 Male
 
 
 Sailor uniform 
 
 Female
 
 
 Dark Magician 
 
 Male
 
 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 Female
 
 The player starts off the  5D's standard Disk , but can unlock and use the following  Duel Disks  too.
 
 Yusei's hybrid Disk 
 Leo's custom Disk 
 Luna's custom Disk 
 Black Jail Disk 
 Wheel of Fortune Disk 
 KC mass production Disk 
 Academia Disk  (red) 
 Academia Disk  (yellow) 
 Academia Disk  (blue) 
 Blackbird Disk 
 Dark Signer Disk 
 Golden Shield Disk 
 Rose Disk 
 Securities Disk 
 Biography 
 Awakening - Arcadia Movement 
       Chapter 1     
 The protagonist awakes from a mind-control pod overseen by  Sayer . Though it is kept a secret from other members of Arcadia Movement, it is revealed that the protagonist is not actually a Psychic Duelist and is in fact a former member of The Enforcers. The player is then put inside a room with 2 Psychic Duelists named Okita and Liquid. The player then duels Okita to pass the time while the three wait for orders. After the duel, Sayer walks into the room and orders the player, Okita and Liquid to go to the Stadium where the  Fortune Cup  is being held. 
 The player then has to finish a Box Duel Puzzle to get to the entrance of the stadium, and there the player finds out that Akiza has lost her duel against  Yusei Fudo . Sayer seems to be OK with the result, but  Lazar  wants to take Akiza from Sayer, for  Rex Goodwin  needs her. Sayer takes her back to the Arcadia movement and leaves Okita, Liquid and the player to deal with the guards and Lazar. After the duel, Lazar leaves. The player's allies leave. The player is about to leave when Carly sees the player and tries to get information out of them. The duel is prevented when the Crimson Dragon is summoned from to intense duel between Jack and Yusei. Carly and the player go to the arena and see the dragon. While Carly tries to get an interview, the player gets a flashback. The next day, the player is ordered to go to the west of the Arcadia Headquarters to complete their Duel training, which consists of 3 Duel Puzzles and 3 Structure Deck duels. After the Duel Training, the player is ordered to undergo Duel Runner Training. After the Duel Runner training, the player runs into Yusei, which seems to bring back ancient memories of a time where the player and Yusei were friends. Liquid takes the player back to the Headquarters, where the player has a flashback.
 
 Blast from the Past - Old Memories, a Team's Bond 
 After defeating several different Duel Gangs and uniting most of Satellite under their control, Kalin lets the power go to his head, ostracizing his friends and saying that he now wishes to take on all the Securities. Shortly afterwards, Kalin is captured by the Securities and the Enforcers break up. The protagonist, who has a connection to the Spirit World similar to  Luna 's, is captured by  Sayer  and put through a brainwashing regiment.
 
 The Meeting - The Spirit World and New Allies 
 Back in the present, as the brainwashing wears off, the protagonist's connection to the spirit world causes him to receive a distress call from the spirit of a mage, Torunka. As he sleeps, he enters the Spirit World and has to navigate through a forest filled with Minus Staves that cause the Minus Curse, an effect that reverses natural phenomena. Torunka, formerly an elderly wizard but now trapped in the form of a child, helps the protagonist rescue Luna from the castle of Zeman the Ape King. Torunka gives the player his staff (which manifests in the waking world too), which allows him to escape the clutches of Arcadia Movement along with Luna.
 
 The Journey - An Old Encounter, the Escape and a New Menace 
 Sayer, attempting to recapture the player and Luna, as they are in the Arcadia Movement and are trying to escape, and stop Yusei, who is also in Arcadia Movement to rescue Akiza, is attacked by the Dark Signer version of Carly, who he killed moments before. Meanwhile, Akiza is assaulted by Dark Signer Misty. When the player discovers Akiza being assaulted by Misty, Sayer is seen falling from the top Deck of the Arcadia Movement, just like the anime. Then, outside of the building it shows Jack and Mina and Jack finds Carly's glasses on the ground.
 
 Fate - Signers vs Dark Signers 
 All the main characters recover at Blister's hideout, while Blister asks the protagonist to deliver a package (this introduces the protagonist to the rest of the DAIMON area of the city). Not long after, their hideout is attacked by people wearing the Spider Mark of those under the control of the Dark Signers (specifically Roman). Afterwards, they are invited to  Rex Goodwin 's mansion, where Rex explains the destiny of the Signers and their enemies,the Dark Signers, who will use various towers erected around the Old Enerdy System in the B.A.D. Area to summon the King of the Underworld to destroy everything. It is postulated that the player character is the Fifth Signer due to his connection to the Spirit World, but this is denied by Rex Goodwin, who says that the fifth Signer already knows who he is and will reveal himself when the time is right.
 The significance of being Signers is denied by several of the group, but it is revealed that their signature dragon cards are each keys that can be used to shut down the towers in the B.A.D. Area; Akiza's  Black Rose Dragon , Yusei's  Stardust Dragon , Jack's  Red Dragon Archfiend , and Luna's stolen  Ancient Fairy Dragon .
 The next day, the Dark Signers issue their formal challenge to their respective rivals; Kalin, who wishes revenge upon Yusei for abandoning him to the Securities, Misty, who blames Akiza for her brother's death, and Carly, who wants revenge on Jack Atlas for leaving her. If they are not defeated and their towers in the Old Enerdy System sealed, the King of the Underworld will rise within 24 hours.  Before heading off to stop them, Luna begs the protagonist to go to the Spirit World with her to free the spirit of the  Ancient Fairy Dragon  from  Zeman the Ape King , which is needed to seal the fourth tower.
 Upon arriving in the Spirit World, the player runs directly into the Ape King's castle and defeats him in a duel to free Ancient Fairy Dragon.  With the Ancient Fairy Dragon free,  Torunka  returns the player and Luna to the human world, only to find Leo losing to  Devack . The player and Luna duel Devack and defeat him, allowing Luna to seal the Enerdy System Tower.  After Luna and Leo leave,  Greiger  appears in his  Duel Runner . The player is required to defeat Greiger only after he summons his  Earthbound Immortal . Upon victory, Greiger leaves, and the player races to Yusei and Kalin's location while dodging the attacks of Kalin's Earthbound Immortal. When the player reaches Yusei, the player duels Kalin, as Yusei's Duel Runner has broken down and he cannot duel. Kalin proposes that both players start with no cards in their hands, in an underhanded attempt to give himself an advantage with his  Infernity  cards. The player defeats Kalin, and Yusei seals the Enerdy System Tower.
 The player goes on to defeat the other Dark Signers,  Carly Carmine  and  Misty Tredwell , allowing the other Enerdy System Towers to be sealed. However,  Roman Goodwin  appears and states that the King of the Underworld has been summoned and will rise in 20 turns. The player thus defeats Roman before the King of the Underworld rises.
 After the duel, the Crimson Dragon teleports the main characters to Rex Goodwin's mansion. The player defeats  Lazar  to gain entry into the mansion. Once inside, Goodwin reveals himself as both a  Dark Signer  and later a  Signer . The player must then catch up to him in a Duel Runner, defeat him in a duel along with Yusei, and a  Turbo Duel . The Crimson Dragon then abandons Goodwin, and selects the player as the fifth Signer. The player then defeats Goodwin in one last duel, of which his Deck is at its toughest.
 After the game, the player has become friends with Yusei and his group, abandoning all ties to the Arcadia Movement. Akiza has now become a Turbo Duelist.
 
 Deck 
 
 Starter Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hunter Dragon 
 Sonic Duck 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chiron the Mage 
 Crystal Seer 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart 
 Flamvell Grunika 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Nimble Momonga  x3 
 Powered Tuner 
 Strong Wind Dragon 
 Swift Birdman Joe 
 Tiger Dragon 
 Twin-Sword Marauder 
 Tuner monsters 
 Comrade Swordsman of Landstar  x2 
 Tune Warrior Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 Naturia Leodrake 
 X-Saber Urbellum Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage 
 Black Pendant 
 Dark Core 
 De-Spell 
 Faustian Bargain 
 Gift of the Martyr 
 Lucky Iron Axe  x2 
 Offerings to the Doomed 
 Shrink 
 Soul Reversal 
 Soul Taker 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Flashbang 
 Needle Ceiling 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Thunder of Ruler 
 Trojan Blast 
 
 Starter Deck - Side Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mist Valley Watcher 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive 
 Roc from the Valley of Haze Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Counter Cleaner 
 Nobleman of Extermination 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Chaos Burst 
 Icarus Attack 
 Meteorain 
 Raigeki Break 
 
 Supplied Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 DUCKER Mobile Cannon 
 Genex Neutron  x2 
 Majestic Mech - Ohka 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Mystic Tomato  x2 
 Old Vindictive Magician 
 Power Invader 
 Psychic Snail  x2 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Sangan 
 Telekinetic Shocker  x2 
 Genex Turbine  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Genex Controller 
 Krebons  x2 Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Magical Android 
 Psychic Lifetrancer 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Back to Square One 
 Big Bang Shot 
 Brain Control 
 Fissure 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Mystic Wok 
 Psychic Sword 
 Rush Recklessly  x2 
 Shield Crush 
 Twister  x2 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Magic Jammer 
 Nightmare Wheel 
 Skill Successor 
 Threatening Roar  x2 
 Trap Jammer 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  characters 
 Player ← WC09 WC11 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Annie 
 Blister 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Carly 
 Devack 
 Dexter 
 Jack 
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Heitmann 
 Hunter 
 Kalin 
 Bashford 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Roman 
 Sayer 
 Tanner 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Zeman 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Alina 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Arashiyama 
 Bass 
 Check 
 Chihiro 
 Clock 
 Coppola 
 Corse 
 Eiki 
 Figaro 
 Fukuoka 
 Gate Mace 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Gushizawa 
 Hashinoshima 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Hideki 
 Hiroyuki 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Igusa 
 Itsuki 
 Jean 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kawasaki 
 Key Mace 
 Key Mace #2 
 Kiyoto 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Lagoon 
 Liquid 
 Mimi 
 Mitchie 
 Morrison 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nino 
 Oda 
 Okita 
 Oscar 
 Peko 
 Robinson 
 Rossi 
 Roy 
 Salida 
 Seria 
 Shirase 
 Smith 
 Sugimoto 
 Sumetana 
 Tashiro 
 Ticera 
 Torino 
 Yusuke 
 Zape 
 Downloadable 
 Black Potan 
 Codarus 
 Dragunity Militum 
 Duelua 
 Dueluka 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 King Jyaku 
 Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther 
 Koa'ki Meiru Urnight 
 Neo Flamvell Origin 
 Reptilianne Naga 
 Ryusei 
 Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 The Fabled Peggulsus 
 Witch of the Black Rose 
 Worm Victory 
 World Champions 
 Kami 
 Peke-Hime 
 T T k 
 Free Duel 
 Princess Pikeru 
 Herald of Green Light 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Nanobreaker 
 Izanami 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Solar Flare Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 Koa'ki Meiru Valafar 
 Ally of Justice Decisive Armor 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord 
 Fabled Leviathan 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Lava Golem 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 The Dark Creator 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Darklord Desire 
 Avenging Knight Parshath 
 Flamvell Fiend 
 Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Trident Dragion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength 
 Repitilanne Vaskii 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Cyber Eltanin 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Supersonic Skull Flame 
 Explosive Magician 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 The Immortal Bushi 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Elemental Hero Absolute Zero 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Swap Frog 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Dragunity Knight - Gadearg 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Green Gadget 
 Naturia Beast 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei 
 Worm Zero 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Crusader of Endymion 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Gigaplant 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Man-Eater Bug / Worm Apocalypse 
 Needle Worm / Morphing Jar 
 Destroyersaurus / Jurrac Velo 
 Ojama Red / Ojama Blue 
 Battle Footballer / Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Emissary from Pandemonium / Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs / Stealth Bird 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World / Fabled Raven 
 Darklord Edeh Arae / Counselor Lily 
 Dragunity Phalanx / Cyberdark Dragon 
 Volcanic Shell / Flamvell Firedog 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes / Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Dark Paladin / Stardust Dragon 
 Phantom of Chaos / Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Manticore of Darkness / Enraged Battle Ox 
 White Night Dragon / Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 D.D. Survivor / Cyber Valley 
 Dandylion / Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Elemental Hero Stratos / Destiny Hero - Malicious 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyber Eltanin 
 Upstart Goblin / Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 Grinder Golem / Fires of Doomsday (character) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon / Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Mist Valley Soldier / Doomcaliber Knight 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi / Prime Material Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior / D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Phoenix Gearfried / Chthonian Emperor Dragon 
 Deep Sea Diva / Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Divine Grace - Northwemko / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Green Gadget 
 Necro Gardna / Shiny Black "C" 
 Genex Controller / Tragoedia 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord / Five-Headed Dragon 
 Mezuki / Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle / Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Player-WC10-M%26F.png/revision/latest?cb=20100219144104', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/WC10_Chapter_1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120105001355']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia characters