Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crashbug

This article is about the  series . For the card, see  Crashbug (card) .      
 
 
 Crashbug 
 バグマン  ( Baguman ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Crashbug Z ", " Crashbug X ", " Crashbug Y " and " Super Crashbug " in the artwork of " Bug Switch " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Bugman 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Generation Force 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 " Crashbug ", known  as " Bugman " (バグマン  Baguman ) in the  OCG , is a small  series  of four  DARK   Fiend   monsters  introduced in  Generation Force  and used by  Mr. Kay  and  Caswell Francis  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. When the  three   weaker   Crashbug  cards are assembled in the  Graveyard , the family's  trump card  can be  Special Summoned .
 
 Playing style 
 The three  Level  3 monsters in this family, "X", "Y", and "Z" each possess a similar effect to some of the  Piece Golems ; they each Special Summon another "Crashbug" so long as the other "Crashbug" is already on the  Field  when they're  Normal Summoned . "Crashbug X" Summons "Z" if "Y" is on the Field, "Y" Summons "X" when "Z" is on the Field, and "Z" Summons "Y" if "X" is on the Field.
 The trump card of the family, " Super Crashbug ", can  Special Summon  itself in  Defense Position  by  banishing X, Y, and Z from your Graveyard . Not only does "Super Crashbug" have 3000  DEF , the highest of any  Level 4 monster , but when it's switched to  Attack Position  its  ATK  becomes swapped with its DEF, making it a 3000 ATK monster. If "Super Crashbug" happens to be in the Graveyard, after it has been summoned properly, you are able to Special Summon him back because he is a Semi-Nomi.
 These cards benefit greatly from the use of " Number 34: Terror-Byte " due to its high DEF as well as its summoning requirements. After playing the three "Crashbug" monsters they can be used as " Xyz Materials ", providing a powerful monster as well as fuel for a "Super Crashbug" afterward. Another possible  Xyz Monster  that can be used is " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", while it will lose its Attack if "Super Crashbug" arrives, it only requires two Level 3 monsters to Summon and it can become a 3000 ATK monster while also guaranteeing the ability to detach its  Xyz Materials . With "Number 34: Terror-Byte", it will have three possible Crashbugs attached and not be able to lose them because the opponent is not placing any Level 4 or lower Monsters on their Field.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crashbug X 
 Crashbug Y 
 Crashbug Z 
 Super Crashbug 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher  /  Armageddon Knight 
 Dark Necrofear 
 Dark Resonator 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Debris Dragon 
 Genex Ally Birdman 
 Mathematician 
 Mimimic 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Night Assailant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Xyz Monsters 
 CXyz Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral 
 Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Mechquipped Angineer 
 Melomelody the Brass Djinn 
 Muzurhythm the String Djinn 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte 
 Temtempo the Percussion Djinn Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Dark World Dealings  /  Hand Destruction 
 Creature Swap 
 Double Summon 
 Final Gesture 
 Foolish Burial 
 Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Traps 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Hate Buster 
 Inverse Universe 
 Trivia 
 Each of the Level 3 "Crashbug" monsters have bombs for heads in their OCG artwork. 
 Crashbugs "X", "Y", and "Z" appear to be dressed in prisoner-like accessories.
 X - A ball and chain on its neck. 
 Y - Hand cuffs on its right hand. 
 Z - A striped prison uniform, along with a ball connected to a chain locked to both its ankles. 
 This  series  is similar to that of the " Gadgets ", " Piece Golems ",  Three Musketeers of Face Cards , " Magnet Warriors ", and " Reactors "; due to having only 3 members which contribute to the theme's trump card.
 Also, the letters of their names, when placed together alphabetically, form " XYZ ", referencing their use to  Xyz Summon  " Number 34: Terror-Byte ". 
 When combined with Terror-Byte, this archetype makes a reference to a computer virus. When the virus first appears (Summoning one of them), it infects the system (special summoning the rest of them), then it steals data (taking control of opponent monsters with Terror-Byte), and finally sabotages the system (Super Crashbug switching ATK and DEF of monsters). 
 In Japanese, "Bugman" could be a pun to Bomb (爆弾,  Bakudan ) as they have bombs on their heads and a reference to how when a computer has technical difficulties, it normally means it "has a  bug ". 
 The Crashbugs' fuses are removed in the English card artwork due to the fact that it is a reference to violence, but strangely in the dub, the fuses remain in place. 
 All the Level 3 "Crashbug" monsters have the letter in their name on their clothes. 
   
 Crashbug  バグマン Members 
 Crashbug X Crashbug Y Crashbug Z Super Crashbug 
 Related 
 Crashbug Road 
 
 v e 
 Crashbug  バグマン a   Members 
 Crashbug Crashbug X Crashbug Y Crashbug Z Super Crashbug 
 Related 
 Bug Switch Crashbug Road Debugger X Debugger Y Debugger Z 
 
 v e 
 Crashbug  バグマン dtz   Members 
 Crashbug X Crashbug Y 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/BugSwitch-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140303171934']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series