Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_107


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 鬼を討つ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Oni o Utsu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Slay the Demon 
 
 
 English 
 Cleaning House 
 
 
 Number 
 107 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 19, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 21, 2021 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " calling " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Are you ready? " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tachihara Masaki 
 
 
 Director 
 Kurii Shigenori 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Takada Masahiro 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kataoka Emiko, Honda Matsuki 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Roboppi Mops Up " 
 " Smash and Mash " 
 
 
 
 
 " Cleaning House ", known as " Slay the Demon " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth-and-seventh episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on June 19, 2019. It aired in English on Teletoon on February 21, 2021.
 Roboppi  uses tricky tactics to drive  The Shepherd  and  Ghost Gal  into a corner. Ghost Gal is able to summon her new trump card with The Shepherd's help, and proceeds to launch a counterattack against Roboppi. Meanwhile,  the Gore  has managed to find the real  Ai . He then begins a  Duel  against Ai.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Roboppi vs. The Shepherd & Ghost Gal 
 2.2   Ai vs The Gore 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Continuing from the duel,  Ghost Gal  was able to gain the upper hand against  Roboppi  but before she was able to defeat Roboppi, the latter activated a  hand trap  to negate the damage and from the next turn, would be able to draw into a card that turns the tide against them. Despite their best efforts, Ghost Gal and  The Shepherd  were defeated. Even more shockingly,  Akira  and  Blue Maiden  noticed that  Specter  and  Faust  have also quickly fallen to  Ai 's duplicates.
 As Ghost Gal was about to be attacked by the card effect of Roboppi's monster, The Shepherd intercepted the damage and thanked her for freeing him from his hatred while Ghost Girl apologized to The Shepherd for losing the duel. Roboppi then said that he will return to Ai and tell him of the emotional scene he just witnessed.
 Meanwhile,  Playmaker ,  Soulburner  and  Varis  are still facing the Ai duplicates with AI himself telling them that breaking his lockdown deck would not be an easy task. Meanwhile,  Gore  arrived to the real Ai's location, with Ai happily saying that he is glad that Gore survived since their  last encounter  and that he will finally have revenge for  Earth . Ai then blames Gore as the one responsible for speeding up the Ignis-Human conflict and stated that Earth would have been saved had Gore chosen not to attack the Ignis. However,  Pandor  argued that according to their analysis,  Bohman  would have absorbed Earth regardless of Gore's actions. This angered Ai, who said that Pandor should not talk as if she knows everything. Ai then asked why Gore would use Pandor, since the chip that was implanted in him would suffice. 
 However, Gore said that after his defeat and hospitalization, he woke up seeing the children from the orphanage waiting for him, and that their belief and trust in him made him realize that his pride has been damaging to him. Gore goes on to say that he has rediscovered himself and told Ai that it was wrong of him to fuse with an AI. Gore then said that the real him is someone who will now protect the children of the orphanage, and that Ai's plans would bring harm to them and as a result, the Gore will fight against Ai. The latter was impressed at Gore's change of heart and they proceeded to duel.
 Despite having a strong start, Ai was able to overcome Gore's monster and inflict heavy damage to Gore. During the duel, Ai said that he will defeat Gore one-sided and implores him to give up and surrender. However, Gore said that he will never surrender and will always fight for the children.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Roboppi vs. The Shepherd & Ghost Gal 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Ghost Gal 
Ghost Gal activates the effect of " Battledrone General ", allowing her to  Special Summon  a " Drone " monster from her  GY  to the zone "General" points to. She Special Summons " Scud Drone " (800/1100), whose effect lets Ghost Gal draw 1 card as it was Special Summoned from the GY via the effect of another "Drone" monster. Ghost Gal then  sets  the card she drew and activates the other effect of "Battledrone General", letting her target "Scud Drone" (as it is a Level 4 or lower "Drone" monster with 1000 or less ATK) and allow it to attack  directly  this turn. "Scud Drone" attacks Roboppi directly (Roboppi: 4000 → 3200 LP). As a "Drone" monster inflicted Battle Damage by attacking directly, Ghost Gal activates the third effect of "Battledrone General", allowing her to  tribute  that monster to inflict damage equal to its ATK (Roboppi: 3200 → 2400 LP).
 " Altergiest Hexstia " then attacks " Appliancer Vacculephant ", and as a Link Monster co-linked to " Appliancer Celtopus " is battling, the battling monster gains 1000 ATK for every monster co-linked to "Celtopus" during damage calculation only ("Vacculephant": 1000 → 3000 ATK). As a monster he controls is attacked while " Appliancer Propelion " is co-linked, he can halve that opponent monster's ATK during damage calculation only once per turn ("Hexstia": 4300 → 2150 ATK). The attack continues and "Vacculephant" destroys "Hexstia" (The Shepherd and Ghost Gal: 2600 → 1750 LP). As it was sent to the GY, the effect of "Hexstia" lets Ghost Girl add 1 "Altergeist" card from her Deck to her hand. She adds " Altergeist Kunquery ".
 Ghost Gal then activates the effect of " Altergeist Memorygant ",  tributing  "Battledrone General" to let "Memorygant" gain ATK equal to the tributed monster's ATK ("Memorygant": 2800 → 5200 ATK). "Memorygant" attacks and destroys "Vacculephant" (Roboppi: 2400 → 200 LP). As it destroyed a monster by battle, the other effect of "Memorygant" activates, letting Ghost Gal destroy a monster Roboppi controls. Ghost Gal destroys "Propellion", and since "Memorygant" destroyed a monster with its effect, it can attack again. "Memorygant" attacks "Celtopus", but Roboppi activates the effect of the " Appliancer Breakerbuncle " in his hand, sending it to the GY to prevent "Celtopus" from being destroyed by battle and reducing Battle Damage to zero. 
 Turn 4: Roboppi 
Roboppi draws and activates " Appliancer Test ", allowing him to Special Summon as many Link-1 " Appliancer " monsters from the GY as possible to zones that one of his "Appliancer" Link monster points to, but the Special Summoned monsters have their ATK reduced to 0 and are  banished  at the end of the turn. Roboppi Special Summons "Propelion" and "Vacculephant" to the zones "Celtopus" points to. Roboppi then uses "Propelion" to  Link Summon  " Appliancer Laundry Dragon " (1500/LINK-1/↑) to the bottom zone "Celtopus" is pointing to. As "Vacculephant" is co-linked, its effect lets Roboppi target and destroy 1 monster in the opponent's  Main Monster Zone . Roboppi targets "Memorygant", but Ghost Gal activates the effect of "Memorygant", banishing "Battledrone General" from the GY to prevent it from being destroyed.  
 "Laundry Dragon" attacks "Memorygant", but Ghost Gal activates the effect of "Altergeist Kunquery" (0/2400) in her hand, Special Summoning it in Defense Position and negating the attack. As "Kunquery" was Special Summoned, Ghost Gal activates its effect, allowing her to negate the effects of a monster Roboppi controls. She negates the effects of "Laundry Dragon". Roboppi then activates " Appliancer Conversion ", banishing all Link-1 "Appliancer" monsters in the Main Monster Zones and Special Summoning them back. Roboppi banishes both "Vacculephant" and "Laundry Dragon" and then Special Summon them back to Main Monster Zones that "Celtopus" does not point to. Because it isn't co-linked, "Vacculephant" attacks directly via its own effect (The Shepherd and Ghost Gal: 1750 → 750 LP). "Laundry Dragon" attacks "Memorygant" but Ghost Gal activates her  Skill , "Secret Cure", excavating cards from her Deck until she draws a monster and both players gain LP equal to the ATK of the monster. Ghost Gal excavates " Altergeist Marionetter " so both players gain 1600 LP (Roboppi: 200 → 1800 LP) (The Shepherd and Ghost Gal: 750 → 2350 LP). The battle continues and the effect of "Laundry Dragon" activates as it is not co-linked and battled a monster, reducing any battle damage to 0, destroying the monster it battled and inflicting damage to the opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK ."Memorygant" is destroyed (The Shepherd and Ghost Gal: 2350 → 0 LP).
 
 Ai vs The Gore 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: The Gore 
The Gore  Normal Summons  " Gouki Suprex " (1800/0). As "Suprex" was Normal Summoned, its effect lets The Gore Special Summon a " Gouki " monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Gouki Riscorpio " (2300/0). The Gore uses "Suprex" and "Riscorpio" to Link Summon " Gouki Jet Ogre " (2000/LINK-2/←↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Suprex" and "Riscorpio" were sent from the field to the GY, The Gore activates both of their effects to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. The Gore activates " Gouki Re-Match ", Special Summoning two "Gouki" monsters with different Levels from his GY in Defense Position. He targets "Suprex" and "Riscorpio". The Gore uses "Suprex" and "Jet Ogre" to Link Summons " Gouki Thunder Ogre " (2200/LINK-3/↙↑↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. The effect of "Thunder Ogre" allows the turn player to Normal Summon an additional time during their Main Phase to a zone "Thunder Ogre" points to. The Gore Normal Summons another "Suprex" to the zone the bottom-left Link Arrow of "Thunder Ogre" points to. As "Suprex" was Normal Summoned, The Gore activates its effect to Special Summoning " Gouki Twistcobra " (1600/0) from his hand. The Gore then uses "Thunder Ogre" and "Twistcobra" to Link Summon " Gouki The Master Ogre " (2800/LINK-4/↑↙↓↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Twistcobra" was sent from the field to the GY, its effect allows The Gore to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand.
 Turn 2: Ai 
Ai Normal Summons " Pikari @Ignister " (1200/600). As it was Summoned, the effect of "Pikari" lets Ai add " Ignister A.I.Land " from his Deck to his hand, but the Gore chains the effect of "Master Ogre", allowing him to return any number of "Gouki" monsters it points to back to his hand, and then target cards his opponent controls equal to the amount of monsters returned and negate their effects until the end of the turn.. He returns "Suprex" to his hand to negate the effect of "Pikari". Ai then uses "Pikari" to Link Summon " Linguriboh " (300/LINK-1/↙) to the Extra Monster Zone. As he controls a Link Monster in the Extra Monster Zone, Ai Special Summons " Hiyari @Ignister  (300/400) from his hand to the zone "Linguriboh" points to via its own effect. As he controls an " @Ignister " monster in the Main Monster Zone, Ai Special Summons " Doshin @Ignister " (100/800) from his hand via its own effect. Ai then uses "Hiyari", "Doshin" and the  DARK  "Linguriboh" to Link Summon " Dark Templar @Ignister " (2300/LINK-3/↙↓↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. Ai sets a card.
 "Dark Templar" attacks "Master Ogre". As a "Gouki" monster is battling, The Gore activates the effect of the " Gouki Iron Claw " in his hand, sending it to the GY to increase the ATK of "Master Ogre" by 500 ("Master Ogre": 2800 → 3300 ATK) and make it unaffected by the opponent's card effects this turn. As an "@Ignister" monster is battling, Ai activates " TA.I. Strike ", making the ATK of that monster equal to that of the monster it's battling ("Dark Templar" 2300 → 3300 ATK) and if a monster is destroyed by that battle, the monster's controller will take damage equal to their destroyed monster's original ATK. The effect of "Dark Templar" prevents it from being destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK, so only "Master Ogre" is destroyed (The Gore: 4000 → 1200 LP). As it destroyed an opponent's monster by battle, the effect of "Dark Templar" lets Ai Special Summon 1 "@Ignister" monster from his GY to a zone "Dark Templar" points to. Ai Special Summons "Pikari" (1200/600) and as it was Summoned, the effect of "Pikari" lets Ai add "Ignister A.I.Land" from his Deck to his hand.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Roboppi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Appliancer Breakerbuncle Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Appliancer Conversion 
 Appliancer Laundry Dragon 
 Appliancer Propelion 
 Appliancer Vacculephant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Appliancer Conversion 
 Appliancer Test 
 
 The Shepherd Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Scud Drone Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Battledrone General 
 
 Ghost Gal Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Altergeist Kunquery 
 Altergeist Marionetter Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Altergeist Hexstia 
 Altergeist Memorygant Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Altergeist Haunted Rock 
 
 George Gore (The Gore) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Iron Claw 
 Gouki Riscorpio 
 Gouki Suprex  x2 
 Gouki Twistcobra Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki Jet Ogre 
 Gouki The Master Ogre 
 Gouki Thunder Ogre Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 
 Ai Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Doshin @Ignister 
 Hiyari @Ignister 
 Pikari @Ignister Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Dark Templar @Ignister 
 Linguriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ignister A.I.Land 
 TA.I. Strike 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Firewall eXceed Dragon 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 3 episodes 
 #104 " Your Reign is Over " #105 " Unlikely Alliance " #106 " Roboppi Mops Up " #107 " Cleaning House " #108 " Smash and Mash " #109 " Al vs Ai " #110 " Siblings and Circuits " #111 " Stronger Together " #112 " All Hail Roboppi! " #113 " Roboppi's World " #114 " The Chosen One " #115 " Unfinished Business " #116 " Stuck in the Past " #117 " Forced Hands " #118 " Alone Together " #119 " A Losing Battle " #120 " Journey's End " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Vrains_107.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190731002010', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Ai_VS_Go.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/240?cb=20190619142019']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes