Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Monarch_(series)


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 This article is about the  series  of  Monster Cards . For the related archetype of  Spell / Trap Cards , see  "Monarch" (Spell/Trap archetype) .      
 
 
 Monarch 
 帝 「 てい 」  ( Tei ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Zaborg ", " Mobius ", " Caius ", " Raiza ", " Thestalos ", and " Granmarg " kneeling before " Erebus ", in the artwork of " Domain of the True Monarchs " 
 
 
 Manga 
 
 English 
 Emperor 
 
 
 
 Anime 
 
 English 
 Emperor 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 帝 
 
 
 French 
 Monarque 
 
 
 German 
 Monarch 
 
 
 Italian 
 Monarca 
 
 
 Korean 
 제왕 帝王   (Hanja)   Jewang   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Monarca 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Monarca 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Ancient Sanctuary Soul of the Duelist Rise of Destiny Flaming Eternity Force of the Breaker Starstrike Blast Shadow Specters Legacy of the Valiant Primal Origin Duelist Alliance The New Challengers Secrets of Eternity 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 2 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Light of Destruction: Special Edition Turbo Pack: Booster Three The Dark Emperor Structure Deck Warriors' Strike Structure Deck Gold Series Gold Series 2009 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck OTS Tournament Pack 3 Speed Duel: Battle City Box Ghosts From the Past Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting OTS Tournament Pack 19 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Structure Deck: Advent of the Emperor Structure Deck: Warrior's Strike V Jump promotional cards Crossed Souls Structure Deck R: Advent of the True Monarch Premium Pack 18 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Monarch " ( 帝 ,  Tei ), also referred to as " Emperor " in the  Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V  manga , is a  series  in the  OCG / TCG  and anime, and an  archetype  in the manga, that is focused on  Tribute Summoning . They are used by  The Light Brigade  members in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime,  Sylvio Sawatari  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   anime  and  manga , and by  Kyoji Mikado  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!!  manga. While a series in the  OCG / TCG , the card " Dark Advance " supports the "Monarchs" as an archetype in the manga only. The "Monarchs" may be the rulers of the  Duel Monsters Spirit World , due to their names.
 Each of them is  Level  6 (with the exception of " Zaborg ", who is Level 5), has 2400  ATK  and 1000  DEF  and has a unique ability that activates upon its own  Tribute Summon  (except " Tenmataitei "), although " Kuraz the Light Monarch " and " Delg the Dark Monarch " do not require that they be Tribute Summoned or even Normal Summoned to trigger their abilities. They often have effects dealing with removing cards from the field. Each has an  Attribute  reflective of the element they control.
 Shadow Specters  introduced the "Mega Monarchs", a series of upgraded forms for each "Monarch". All "Mega Monarchs" released so far are Level 8, can be Tribute Summoned by Tributing another monster that was Tribute Summoned, and have 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF, as well as upgraded effects based on their element (e.g. " Granmarg the Mega Monarch " destroys 2  Set  cards instead of one, and if Tribute Summoned by Tributing an EARTH monster, allows the player to draw a card).
 Additionally, there is an archetype of " Monarch "  Spell  and  Trap Cards  (including cards like " March of the Monarchs " and " The Monarchs Erupt ") that are designed to support Tribute Summons and monsters with ATK and DEF similar to "Monarch" monsters, although they often prevent Summons from the  Extra Deck . Many of these cards depict the transformation of a Monarch into their Mega Monarch form, and are released in the same sets as Mega Monarchs.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   2400 ATK 
 
 2.1.1   Original 
 2.1.2   Additional 
 
 
 2.2   2800 ATK 
 
 
 3   Playing style 
 
 3.1   Counter strategies 
 
 
 4   Deck types 
 
 4.1   Basic Monarch 
 4.2   Monarch Control 
 4.3   Macro Monarch 
 4.4   Frog Monarch 
 4.5   Perfect Circle Monarch 
 4.6   Gadget Monarch 
 4.7   Plantformula Monarchs 
 4.8   Extra Deck Monarchs 
 
 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
         Lineart of " Zaborg ", " Mobius " and " Granmarg"     
 Every "Monarch" monster has a large cloak either on its back and/or on its waist (in the cases of " Zaborg " and " Granmarg ").
 When evolved to their "Mega Monarch" form, each one of them presents similar characteristics to their original forms, with more armor and other changes related to their respective Attributes. Additionally, they are all seen carrying a giant ring on their backs, which is also present with " Ehther " and " Erebus ".
 
 
 Members 
 2400 ATK 
 Original 
 Each of the original Monarchs has a  Trigger Effect  that activates when it is  Tribute Summoned . There is also a corresponding Mega Monarch,  Vassal , and  Spell/Trap Card  for each.
 
 
 
 Monarch
 
 Attribute
 
 Type
 
 Mega Monarch
 
 Vassal
 
 Spell/Trap Card
 
 
 Caius the Shadow 
 
 DARK 
 
 Fiend 
 
 Caius 
 
 Lucius the Shadow 
 
 Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 
 
 Granmarg the Rock 
 
 EARTH 
 
 Rock 
 
 Granmarg 
 
 Landrobe the Rock 
 
 Return of the Monarchs 
 
 
 Mobius the Frost 
 
 WATER 
 
 Aqua 
 
 Mobius 
 
 Escher the Frost 
 
 Frost Blast of the Monarchs / The Monarchs Awaken 
 
 
 Raiza the Storm 
 
 WIND 
 
 Winged Beast 
 
 Raiza 
 
 Garum the Storm 
 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 
 
 Thestalos the Firestorm 
 
 FIRE 
 
 Pyro 
 
 Thestalos 
 
 Berlineth the Firestorm 
 
 The Monarchs Erupt 
 
 
 Zaborg the Thunder 
 
 LIGHT 
 
 Thunder 
 
 Zaborg 
 
 Mithra the Thunder 
 
 Strike of the Monarchs 
 
 Additional 
 "Delg" and "Kuraz" were both released after the original Monarchs. They both have  Trigger Effects  that activate when  Normal  or  Special Summoned , and cannot attack the turn they are Normal or Special Summoned.
 "Angmarl" is original to the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga. Like the original Monarchs, it has a  Trigger Effect  that activates when it is  Tribute Summoned .
 
 
 
 Monarch
 
 Attribute
 
 Type
 
 
 Angmarl the Fiendish 
 
 DARK 
 
 Fiend 
 
 
 Delg the Dark 
 
 Spellcaster 
 
 
 Kuraz the Light 
 
 LIGHT 
 
 Warrior 
 
 2800 ATK 
 Both Level 8 Monarchs (which are neither Mega Monarchs) can be  Tribute Summoned  by  tributing  a Tribute Summoned monster, an effect that activates when they are Tribute Summoned, and a  Quick Effect . There is also a corresponding  Vassal  and  Spell/Trap Card  for each.
 
 
 
 Monarch
 
 Attribute
 
 Type
 
 Squire
 
 Spell/Trap Card
 
 
 Ehther the Heavenly 
 
 LIGHT 
 
 Fairy 
 
 Edea the Heavenly 
 
 The Prime Monarch 
 
 
 Erebus the Underworld 
 
 DARK 
 
 Zombie 
 
 Eidos the Underworld 
 
 The First Monarch 
 
 Playing style 
 "Monarch" Decks tend to be very aggressive and powerful, because "Monarchs" destroy the opponent's assets just by hitting the  Field , and they are strong enough in ATK to be able to press their advantage and destroy nearly any lower-Level monster the opponent may happen to use in response. "Monarchs" have no real weaknesses other than Decks that strictly run " Zombie World ", which almost completely shuts down the "Monarchs", and their insatiable need to generate Tribute fodder for more "Monarchs" to be Summoned and that they cannot use their effects when  Special Summoned  (with the exceptions of " Kuraz " and " Delg ").
 
 An exception is " Erebus ", since it is a  Zombie  Monster, which provides a way to get around  Zombie World :  Normal Summon   Edea  and use its effect to  Special Summon   Eidos . Then,  Tribute Summon   Erebus  and use its effect to return  Zombie World  into the  Deck . 
 Counter strategies 
 "Monarchs" can be difficult to overcome due to the fact that they destroy cards simply by appearing, but there are still some good strategies against them. These include:
 
 " Forced Back ", " Solemn Warning " and " Pulling the Rug ": These cards negate the Summon of "Monarchs", and thereby their effects, and remove them from the field, essentially wasting the "Monarch" user's efforts. 
 " Mask of Restrict ", " Fog King " or " Zombie World ": These cards effectively prevent  Tribute Summons  and as a result prevent "Monarchs" from hitting the field and activating their effects (except for "Kuraz" or "Delg" since their effects activate when Normal Summoned without a Tribute or when Special Summoned too). However, Zombie World is unable to stop the summon of  Erebus the Underworld Monarch , as it is a  Zombie  monster to start off with. 
 " Vanity's Fiend ", " Vanity's Ruler ", " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " and " Archlord Kristya ": These cards can completely shut down " Frognarch "/"Formula Monarch" Decks, as they rely heavily on Special Summoning to get out tribute fodder (" Treeborn Frog ", namely) and Synchro Monsters. This is particularly deadly against builds that don't use " Soul Exchange " or " The Monarchs Stormforth . 
 " By Order of the Emperor ", " Destiny HERO - Plasma " and " Skill Drain ": These cards negate on-field effects, turning "Monarchs" into beat-sticks. " Grave of the Super Ancient Organism " can be used to limit "Kuraz" and "Delg" use, but it is not recommended since it targets only Special Summoned monsters and they can still be Tributed if needed. 
 " Intercept ": Lets you take control of a "Monarch" right when it gets Summoned which can be a nasty surprise for most "Monarch" users. 
 " Blast Held by a Tribute ": Even more destructive than a " Mirror Force " since it also inflicts damage, but not as reliable as other methods of getting the better of "Monarchs", since there is a chance that they will destroy this card before they attack. 
 " Turbo Warrior ": Its effect makes him immune to the effects of "Zaborg", "Raiza", "Caius" and "Kuraz". It has just enough ATK to be able to destroy any of them in battle. 
 " Rivalry of Warlords ": This card prevents having more than one  Type  of monsters on the field. It also prevents a new Type from being Summoned, including Tribute Summoning; so if the opponent controls a " Gravekeeper's Spy ", they cannot Tribute it to Summon any "Monarch" (except for "Delg"). " Gozen Match " is not recommended as an alternative as most Tributes are DARK and "Caius" is the most used "Monarch". 
 " Ritual Cage " and " Hymn of Light ": These cards protect  Ritual Monsters  from most "Monarchs" and makes them waste their effect. 
 " The Huge Revolution is Over ": Stops "Kuraz" or "Mobius" from destroying your cards, and then you get rid of them for quite some time by having them banished. 
 " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ": This monster can negate any monster's effect that targets a level 5 or higher monster on the field and destroy it, meaning it can protect itself from any Monarch's effect, and if you don't select him as a target, it can also negate the activation of the effect of a level 5 or higher monster and destroy it. Moreover, if this monster destroy a monster with its effect, it gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster ATK. Note also that even if you don't use your monarchs' effects, this monster still has 2500 ATK points, so it can easily handle any monarch in battle (except for the Mega Monarchs).
 " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " can be even deadlier against "Monarchs" because it negate the activation of any Level monster's effect, as well as gain the ATK power of that monster whenever it battles a Level 5 or higher monster. 
 Deck types 
 Basic Monarch 
 " March of the Monarchs " will protect any  Tribute Summoned  monsters from being targeted or destroyed by card effects, while " Return of the Monarchs " allows you to search for a "Monarch" every time you Tribute Summon. Since the aforementioned cards prevent the player from Summoning monsters from the  Extra Deck , the Deck rarely utilizes  Synchro Monsters  or  Xyz Monsters , although it's still possible to Summon them occasionally. This disadvantage, however, also allows the Deck to run " The Seal of Orichalcos ", which can bring all your "Monarchs" up to a hefty 2900 ATK. However, " Domain of the True Monarchs " is much more effective than "The Seal of Orichalcos", as you gain 800 ATK whenever you declare an attack with a Tribute Summoned monster. This brings the Level 5 and 6 Monarchs to 3200 ATK, and the level 8 Monarchs to 3600 ATK. It also has the ability to lock your opponent out of their Extra Deck.
 " Treeborn Frog " is very ineffective in this build due to the consistent presence of  Continuous Spell Cards , so " The Monarchs Stormforth " (better with " Escalation of the Monarchs ") are highly recommended both to create Tribute fodder and remove the opponent's powerful monsters from the field. " The First Monarch " works very well in this type of Deck, providing walls against the opponent's attacks, Tribute fodder for "Monarchs" and, at the cost of a discard, the ability to change its Attribute and count as two Tributes.
 This allows you to take advantage of the effects of " Granmarg the Mega Monarch " and " Mobius the Mega Monarch ". " Spell Striker " also works well in this variant due to the large number of Spells. Like any "Monarch" Deck, it suffers from potential bad opening hands. " Pot of Duality " is recommended to help remedy this, and provide extra Spells for "Spell Striker" to banish. Overall, the Deck's wins can usually be attributed to successive "Monarch" Summons (and therefore searches from "Return") each turn, with "March" protecting them from card effects. Due to the goal of always having a "Monarch" on the field, the Deck can easily take advantage of the " The Monarchs Awaken " to make "Monarchs" unaffected by card effects, as well as " Grisaille Prison " to combat the opponent's Synchro and Xyz Monsters.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ehther the Heavenly Monarch 
 Erebus the Underworld Monarch 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch / Caius the Mega Monarch 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Raiza the Mega Monarch 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Granmarg the Mega Monarch 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch / Mobius the Mega Monarch 
 Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch / Thestalos the Mega Monarch 
 Zaborg the Thunder Monarch / Zaborg the Mega Monarch 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch 
 Obelisk The Tormentor 
 Slifer The Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Light and Darkness Dragon 
 Eidos the Underworld Squire 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire 
 Ra's Disciple 
 Tenmataitei 
 Illusory Snatcher 
 Tragoedia 
 Battle Fader 
 Majiosheldon 
 Spell Strider 
 Spell Striker 
 Proof of Pruflas 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pandora's Jewelry Box Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 Strike of the Monarchs 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 Return of the Monarchs 
 March of the Monarchs 
 Domain of the True Monarchs 
 Pantheism of the Monarchs 
 Double Summon 
 Dragonoid Generator 
 Traps 
 The First Monarch 
 The Monarchs Erupt 
 Escalation of the Monarchs 
 By Order of the Emperor 
 Oath of Companionship 
 The Prime Monarch 
 Grisaille Prison 
 Reinforce Truth 
 Monarch Control 
 Monarch Control is a Deck that quickly Special Summons monsters to the Field and Tribute those monsters to Summon a "Monarch" monster and activate their effects to gain more Field advantage. Some good Tributes are " Spell Striker ", " Samsara Kaiser ", " Marshmallon " and many more. Each "Monarch" has unique effects to gain Field advantage when Tribute Summoned, this will be the key of winning with this Deck. The "Treeborn Monarch combo" might work at this Deck, since " Treeborn Frog " shall always be Summoned from your Graveyard, allowing a  Tribute fodder  for the Monarchs. " Gorz the Emissary of Darkness " is a great addition to this Deck because this can be Tributed for "Monarchs" and when your Field is empty, you can Special Summon this. " Light and Darkness Dragon " is also a great addition because it will protect the "Monarchs" from getting destroyed and when this card is destroyed, you can Special Summon a monster from your graveyard to be Tributed for a "Monarch". Also, a good addition to this Deck would be some 'searchers' like " Mystic Tomato " or " Shining Angel " because if it is destroyed by battle, you can search for another monster, ensuring a monster to Tribute for a "Monarch" during your next turn.
 
 Macro Monarch 
 This Deck relies on reusing the effects of " D.D. Survivor " and " D.D. Scout Plane " with the help of " Macro Cosmos " and/or " Dimensional Fissure ", which will allow the said monsters to keep coming back each  End Phase , allowing you to Tribute Summon a "Monarch" each turn. Other cards that are commonly used in this Deck are " Cyber Valley ," some of the other "D.D." monsters, like " D.D. Warrior Lady ", " Soul Absorption ", which can give its controller massive  Life Point  gain each turn, and " Gravekeeper's Servant ", which can make a lock for all of your opponent's monsters, preventing them from attacking for as long as they cannot send a card from their Deck to their  Graveyard . You can use " Enemy Controller " to Tribute a "Survivor" or "Scout Plane" and take control of one of your opponents monsters. Then Tribute it for a "Monarch", and the "Scout Plane" or "Survivor" will return in the End Phase.
 
 
 Macro Monarch Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 "Monarchs" , especially "Caius" and "Delg" 
 D.D. Scout Plane 
 D.D. Survivor 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Cyber Valley 
 Battle Fader Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Soul Release 
 Dimensional Fissure 
 Chaos Zone 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Enemy Controller 
 Traps 
 Macro Cosmos 
 Frog Monarch 
 Main article:  Frognarchs 
 Perfect Circle Monarch 
 This Deck uses the " Destiny HERO " engine to get an advantage in their game. These are  Graveyard  based Decks that can easily bring out a Level 8 Synchro Monster or draw cards.
 
 See also:  Perfect Circle 
 Gadget Monarch 
 This Deck relies on using " Gadgets " to continuously add new "Gadgets" to the hand to serve as tribute fodder, along with obvious tribute fodder monsters such as " Treeborn Frog ".
 
 
 Gadget Monarch Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Any Monarchs, especially the two "Granmargs" 
 Treeborn Frog 
 Red Gadget 
 Yellow Gadget 
 Green Gadget 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber Valley 
 Level Eater 
 Jester Confit Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 One for One 
 Chain Summoning 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 Double Summon 
 Iron Call 
 Traps 
 Reckless Greed 
 Plantformula Monarchs 
 This Deck has a similar purpose to "Frognarchs". You have " Tytannial, Princess of Camellias " to give the ability to stop you opponent. You have " Spore " as a tuner. You also have " Dandylion ", " Naturia Pineapple ", " Naturia Cherries " and " Treeborn Frog " as tribute fodder. You can also use " Mark of the Rose " to gain "Monarch" control. The downside to this Deck is that if you cannot main only  Beast  and  Plant  monsters in your Graveyard, "Naturia Pineapple" becomes useless.
 Or you run the " Genex Undine " engine with " Genex Controller " to thin the Deck with the help of the Plant monsters. You will always have a hand and keep something on the field.
 
 
 Plantformula Monarchs Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gigaplant 
 Dandylion 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Lord Poison 
 Naturia Pineapple 
 Naturia Cherries 
 Naturia Beans 
 Spore 
 Treeborn Frog 
 Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 Genex Undine 
 Genex Controller Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mark of the Rose 
 Extra Deck Monarchs 
 This Deck works very similarly to other "Monarch" Decks in regards to Normal Summoning the "Monarchs". However, it also utilizes Special Summoning in the "Squire" and " Super Quant " engines. The initial strategy is to use " Edea the Heavenly Squire " to Summon " Eidos the Underworld Squire " to give you an extra Normal Summon for a "Monarch". The "Super Quant" engine works through using " Super Quantum Blue Layer " and " Super Quantum Red Layer ". " Emergency Teleport " is used to Special Summon "Super Quantum Blue Layer" to search "Super Quantum Red Layer".The effect of " Domain of the True Monarchs " allows for just one Tribute for your Normal Summon of a Level 8 "Monarch" via "Super Quantum Blue Layer".
 With the announcement of " Supreme King Z-ARC " in  Maximum Crisis , a variant of Monarchs appeared, which revolves around using " Zaborg the Mega Monarch " to send multiples of Dragon Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Pendulum Monsters (typically " Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon ", " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon ", " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", and " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon ") to the Graveyard, where they can be banished with " Dragon's Mirror " or " Miracle Synchro Fusion " to Fusion Summon at least one copy of "Zarc" with ease. This method can additionally Fusion Summon " Naturia Exterio " or " Ultimate Axon Kicker " in the same turn, by also sending copies of " PSY-Framelord Omega ", " Naturia Barkion ", and " Naturia Beast " to the Graveyard via "Zaborg". By sending " Predaplant Chimerafflesia " to the Graveyard with the effect of "Zaborg", "Miracle Synchro Fusion" becomes searchable for the Deck.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Zaborg the Mega Monarch 
 Eidos the Underworld Squire 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire 
 Ehther the Heavenly Monarch 
 Erebus the Underworld Monarch 
 Super Quantum Red Layer 
 Super Quantum Blue Layer Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Naturia Exterio 
 Ultimate Axon Kicker 
 Predaplant Chimerafflesia 
 Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Supreme King Z-ARC 
 Elder Entity N’Tts 
 Any other  Dragon  Fusion monsters 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Naturia Beast 
 Naturia Barkion 
 Any other [[Dragon]) Synchro monsters
 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Miracle Synchro Fusion 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Domain of the True Monarchs 
 Return of the Monarchs 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Emergency Teleport 
 One for One 
 Traps 
 The Prime Monarch 
 Trivia 
 " Return of the Monarchs " may be a reference to the  Star Wars  movies, in which case, further support for the "Monarchs" may also contain this reference, such as a plausible translation for " The Monarchs Erupt " being "The Monarchs Strike Back". 
 The names of the four new monsters in the  Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck  starts with "E" ("Ehther", "Erebus", "Eidos" and "Edea"). 
 v e 
 Monarch  cards 
   
" Monarch " 「 帝 」 Members 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch Caius the Mega Monarch Caius the Shadow Monarch Delg the Dark Monarch Edea the Heavenly Squire Ehther the Heavenly Monarch Eidos the Underworld Squire Erebus the Underworld Monarch Granmarg the Mega Monarch Granmarg the Rock Monarch Kuraz the Light Monarch Mobius the Frost Monarch Mobius the Mega Monarch Raiza the Mega Monarch Raiza the Storm Monarch Tenmataitei Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch Thestalos the Mega Monarch Zaborg the Mega Monarch Zaborg the Thunder Monarch 
 Related 
 Berlineth the Firestorm Vassal Emperor of Lightning Escher the Frost Vassal Garum the Storm Vassal Ice Knight Illusory Snatcher Landrobe the Rock Vassal Lucius the Shadow Vassal Majesty's Fiend Mithra the Thunder Vassal Psychic Emperor Samsara Kaiser Tlakalel, His Malevolent Majesty 
 By Order of the Emperor Dark Advance Domain of the True Monarchs Escalation of the Monarchs The First Monarch Frost Blast of the Monarchs March of the Monarchs The Monarchs Awaken The Monarchs Erupt The Monarchs Stormforth Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Restoration of the Monarchs Return of the Monarchs Strike of the Monarchs Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 
 v e 
 Monarch   帝 a   Members 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch Granmarg the Rock Monarch Mobius the Frost Monarch Mobius the Mega Monarch Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch Zaborg the Thunder Monarch 
 Related 
 Escher the Frost Vassal Ice Knight Mobius Castle Mobius Glacier Thunder Knight 
 
 v e 
" Monarch " 「 帝 」 m   Members 
 Demon Emperor Angmar Emperor's Freezing Air Emperor's Lava Attack Erebus the Underworld Monarch Mobius the Frost Monarch Reawakening of the Emperor Underworld Emperor Erebus Underworld Knight Eidos 
 Support 
 Dark Advance Reawakening of the Emperor 
 
   
" Monarch " 「 帝 王 」 Members 
 Emperor of the Land and Sea 
 Domain of the True Monarchs Escalation of the Monarchs The First Monarch Frost Blast of the Monarchs March of the Monarchs The Monarchs Awaken The Monarchs Erupt The Monarchs Stormforth Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Restoration of the Monarchs Return of the Monarchs Strike of the Monarchs Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 Support 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire Ehther the Heavenly Monarch Erebus the Underworld Monarch 
 Frost Blast of the Monarchs Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 
 v e 
 Monarch   帝 王 a   
 v e 
" Monarch " 「 帝 王 」 m   Members 
 Domain of the True Monarchs Emperor's Freezing Air Emperor's Lava Attack Escalation of the Monarchs The Monarchs Stormforth Reawakening of the Emperor 
 Support 
 Emperor's Freezing Air Underworld Emperor Erebus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Six Attributes 
 
 This box:  view edit 
 DARK    
 EARTH   
 FIRE    
 LIGHT   
 WATER   
 WIND    
 
 
 /Assault Modes 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  /  Colossal Fighter 
 Hyper Psychic Blaster  /  T.G. Halberd Cannon 
 Doomkaiser Dragon 
 Arcanite Magician 
 n/a 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 @Ignisters    Base forms   Evolved forms 
 Doyon     Dark Templar 
 Doshin     Earth Golem 
 Achichi     Fire Phoenix 
 Pikari     Light Dragon 
 Hiyari     Water Leviathan 
 Bururu     Wind Pegasus 
 
 
 Alchemy Beasts    Summoners     (Normal Spell Cards) 
 Moonface the Silver     Silver Key 
 Leon the Lead     Lead Compass 
 Salamandra the Steel     Steel Lamp 
 Ouroboros the Bronze     Bronze Scale 
 Ekenas the Mercury     Mercury Hourglass 
 Aretos the Tin     Tin Spell Circle 
 
 
 Aliens 
 Overlord  /  Mother  /  Psychic 
 Shocktrooper  /  Infiltrator  /  Warrior 
 Mars  /  Telepath 
 Ammonite  /  Dog  /  Grey  /  Kid  /  Shocktrooper M-Frame 
 Hunter  /  Hypno 
 Skull 
 
 
 Altergeists 
 Primebanshee  /  Multifaker  /  Kidolga  /  Fifinellag  /  Dragvirion  /  Memorygant  /  Pookuery 
 Kunquery 
 Hexstia 
 Marionetter 
 Meluseek  /  Fijialert 
 Silquitous  /  Pixiel 
 
 
 Aromages 
 Marjoram 
 Cananga 
 Bergamot 
 Jasmine 
 Rosemary 
 Laurel 
 
 
 Attribute Boosters   (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Link Monsters    (500 ATK▲/500 DEF▲)    Field Spells    (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Equip Spells    (400 ATK▲/200 DEF▼) 
 Witch's Apprentice     Wee Witch's Apprentice     Mystic Plasma Zone     Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Milus Radiant     Missus Radiant     Gaia Power     Invigoration 
 Little Chimera     Duelittle Chimera     Molten Destruction     Burning Spear 
 Hoshiningen     Hip Hoshiningen     Luminous Spark     Elf's Light 
 Star Boy     Mistar Boy     Umiiruka     Steel Shell 
 Bladefly     Greatfly     Rising Air Current     Gust Fan 
 
 
 Attribute Knights 
 Armageddon 
 Dust 
 Brushfire 
 Dawn 
 Shore 
 Altitude 
 
 
 Attribute Reptiles 
 Umbral Soul 
 Raging Earth 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Radiant Spirit 
 Silent Abyss 
 Destruction Cyclone 
 
 
 Attribute Sorcerers    (4/1500/0/Spellcasters) 
 Dark 
 n/a 
 Fire 
 Light 
 Aqua 
 n/a 
 
 
 Attribute Spirits 
 Luna the Dark Spirit 
 The Rock Spirit 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Diana the Light Spirit 
 Aqua Spirit 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 
 
 Attribute Summoners 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Giant Rat 
 UFO Turtle 
 Shining Angel 
 Mother Grizzly 
 Flying Kamakiri #1 
 
 
 B.E.S. 
 Big Core 
 Covered Core  /  Blaster Cannon Core 
 Big Core MK-2 
 Big Core MK-3 
 Crystal Core 
 Tetran 
 
 
 Barrier Statues 
 Abyss 
 Drought 
 Inferno 
 Heavens 
 Torrent 
 Stormwinds 
 
 
 Beast Gear World 
 Catapult Devilkong 
 Motor Wolf  /  Trike Fox  /  King Convoy Ligeon 
 Buggy Dog 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Gyro Jackal 
 
 
 Charmers     Familiar-Possessed     Cataclysmic Charmers     Spiritual Arts    Familiar   Possessed Familiars 
 Dharc     Dharc     n/a     Greed     Meda Bat     n/a 
 Aussa     Aussa     Avalanching Aussa     Kurogane     Marmot     Nefarious 
 Hiita     Hiita     Blazing Hiita     Kurenai     Fox Fire     Inari Fire 
 Lyna     Lyna     n/a     Hijiri     Happy Lover     n/a 
 Eria     Eria     Raging Eria     Aoi     Gigobyte     Jigabyte 
 Wynn     Wynn     Storming Wynn     Miyabi     Petit Dragon     Ranryu 
 
 
 Chrysalis     Neo-Spacians    Evolved forms   Contact Fusions   Evolved forms   Advanced Contact Fusions 
 Pantail     Dark Panther     n/a     Dark Neos     n/a     Chaos Neos 
 Mole     Grand Mole     n/a     Grand Neos     n/a     Nebula Neos 
 Larva     Flare Scarab     n/a     Flare Neos     n/a     Magma Neos 
 Pinny     Glow Moss     Twinkle Moss     Glow Neos     n/a     Cosmo Neos 
 Dolphin     Aqua Dolphin     Marine Dolphin     Aqua Neos     Marine Neos     n/a 
 Chicky     Air Hummingbird     n/a     Air Neos     n/a     Storm Neos 
 
 
 Code Talkers      (Link-3) 
 Decode    ( Extended ) 
 Transcode 
 Powercode 
 Encode 
 Shootingcode 
 Excode 
 
 
 Color Ninjas    Dragon Ninjas 
 Strike     Black 
 Senior Silver     n/a 
 n/a     Red 
 White     White 
 n/a     Blue 
 Yellow     Yellow 
 
 
 Cubic 
 Vijam  /  Crimson Nova  ( Trinity ) 
 Dark Garnex 
 Blade Garoodia 
 Duza  /  Buster Gundil  /  Indiora Doom Volt 
 n/a 
 Geira Guile 
 
 
 CXyz 
 Dark Fairy Cheer Girl  /  Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral 
 Comics Hero Legend Arthur  /  Battleship Cherry Blossom  /  Zubaba Saikyo General 
 Coach Lord Ultimatrainer 
 Simon the Great Moral Leader  /  Barian Hope 
 N.As.Ch. Knight 
 Skypalace Babylon 
 
 
 Dice Roll  Archfiends 
 Terrorking  /  Masterking 
 Vilepawn 
 Infernalqueen 
 Desrook 
 Darkbishop 
 Shadowknight 
 
 
 Double Tributers     Effigies 
 Double Coston     Dark 
 The Trojan Horse     Earth 
 Flame Ruler     n/a 
 Kaiser Sea Horse     Light 
 Unshaven Angler     n/a 
 Whirlwind Prodigy     Wind 
 
 
 Dragonmaids    Human forms   Dragon forms 
 Chamber     n/a 
 Nurse     Ernus 
 Kitchen     Tinkhec 
 House     Sheou 
 Laundry     Nudyarl 
 Parlor     Lorpar 
 
 
 Dustons     (1/0/1000/Fiends) 
 Star 
 Yellow 
 Red 
 House  /  White 
 Blue 
 Green 
 
 
 Elemental HERO    Fusion Monsters    (1 "HERO" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Escuridao 
 Gaia 
 Nova Master 
 The Shining 
 Absolute Zero 
 Great Tornado 
 
 
 Elemental Lords     Elementsabers 
 Umbramirage     Molehu 
 Grandsoil     Aina 
 Pyrorex     Malo 
 Phosphorage     Lapauila  ( Mana ) 
 Moulinglacia     Nalu 
 Windrose     Makani 
 
 
 Empowered Warriors     Summoners 
 Dragonox     n/a 
 Terratiger     White Tiger 
 Arnis     Red Sparrow 
 Dragodies     Golden Dragon 
 Hydrortoise      Green Turtle 
 Ventdra     Blue Dragon 
 
 
 Endymion 
 Master Magician  /  Mighty Master of Magic 
 Magister 
 Rogue 
 Crusader  /  Reflection 
 Magistus of Mastery 
 Servant 
 
 
 Entities 
 Azathot 
 Nyarla 
 Cthugua 
 N'tss 
 Norden 
 Hastorr 
 
 
 Fortune Fairies     Fortune Ladies 
 Ann     Dark  /  Past 
 Chee     Earth 
 En     Fire 
 Hikari     Light  /  Every 
 Swee     Water 
 Hu     Wind 
 
 
 Fur Hire 
 Seal  /  Folgo 
 Beat  /  Dyna 
 Bravo 
 Rafale 
 Helmer  /  Wiz 
 Donpa  /  Recon  /  Sagitta 
 
 
 Generaiders 
 Hela  /  Harr 
 Dovelgus  /  Jormungandr 
 Naglfar  /  Loptr 
 Mardel  /  Utgarda 
 Nidhogg 
 Frodi 
 
 
 Gizmek 
 Orochi 
 Uka 
 Kaku 
 Yata 
 Okami 
 Mikoto 
 
 
 Guardians    Weapons     (Equip Spell Cards) 
 Baou  /  Dreadscythe     Wicked-Breaking Flamberge  /  Reaper Scythe 
 Grarl     Gravity Axe 
 Ceal     Shooting Star Bow 
 Tryce     Twin Swords of Flashing Light 
 Kay'est     Rod of Silence 
 Elma  /  Eatos     Buttefly Dagger  /  Celestial Sword 
 
 
 Invoked     (1 " Aleister the Invoker " + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Caliga 
 Magellanica 
 Purgatrio 
 Mechaba 
 Cocytus 
 Raidjin 
 
 
 Kaiju 
 Radian 
 Kumongous 
 Dogoran 
 Jizukiru  /  Mecha-Dogoran  /  Thunder King  /  Mecha-Thunder-King 
 Gameciel 
 Gadarla 
 
 
 Knightmare 
 Iblee  /  Unicorn  /  Orcust  /  Idlee 
 Cerberus 
 Phoenix 
 Gryphon 
 Mermaid 
 Goblin 
 
 
 Legendary Planets 
 Sun  /  Jupiter  /  Saturn  /  Pluto 
 Terra Firma 
 Mars 
 Venus  /  Uranus 
 Mercury  /  Neptune 
 n/a 
 
 
 Masked HEROes 
 Dark Law  /  Anki 
 Dian 
 Goka 
 Koga 
 Vapor  /  Acid 
 Divine Wind  /  Blast 
 
 
 Magician Girls 
 ( Toon )    Dark    ( Dragon Knight ) 
 Berry 
 Apple 
 Lemon 
 Chocolate 
 Kiwi 
 
 
 Magikey 
 Clavkiys  /  Batosbuster  /  Ansyalabolas 
 Garesglasser 
 Transfurlmine 
 Mafteal 
 Vepartu 
 Andrabime 
 
 
 Magistus 
 Grimoire Crowley 
 Goddess Ninaruru 
 Flame Zoroa  /  Dragon Vafram 
 Verre Cendrillon  /  Maiden Artemis 
 Master Endymion 
 Saint Aiwass 
 
 
 Mirror Force 
 Dark 
 Quaking 
 Blazing 
 Radiant 
 Drowning 
 Storming 
 
 
 Monarchs    Mega Monarchs   Related  "Monarch"  Spell/Trap Cards    Vassals 
 Caius  /  Erebus     Caius the Mega     Tenacity  /  The First     Lucius  /  Eidos 
 Granmarg     Granmarg the Mega     Return     Landrobe  /  Samsara Kaiser 
 Thestalos     Thestalos the Mega     Erupt     Berlineth 
 Zaborg  /  Ehther     Zaborg the Mega     Strike  /  The Prime     Mithra  /  Edea 
 Mobius     Mobius the Mega     Awaken     Escher 
 Raiza     Raiza the Mega     Stormforth     Garum 
 
 
 Musical  Djinns 
 Maestroke 
 Temtempo 
 n/a 
 Melomelody 
 Humhumming 
 Muzurhythm 
 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers 
 Djinn Buster 
 Lion Heart  /  Ronin Raccoon Sandayu 
 n/a 
 Sky Pegasus  /  Dragluon 
 Abyss Splash  /  Crystalzero 
 n/a 
 
 
 Nemeses 
 Protos 
 Keystone 
 Flag 
 Eschatos 
 Umbrella 
 Corridor 
 
 
 Number 10X     Number C10X 
 n/a     Umbral Horror Masquerade 
 Giant Hand     Giant Red Hand 
 Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus     Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus 
 Star Seraph Sentry  /  Masquerade  /  Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon     Archfiend Seraph  /  Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 
 Silent Honor ARK  /  Ragnazero     Silent Honor DARK  /  Ragnafinity 
 n/a     n/a 
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dragons 
 Odd-Eyes  /  Pendulum  /  Rebellion  ( Overlord ) /  Persona  /  Phantom  /  Mirage  /  Performapal Metal Claw  /  Raging  /  Supreme King  /  Wing  /  Venom  /  Arc Pendulum  /  Advance  /  Wizard 
 Gravity 
 Meteorburst 
 Saber  /  Lancer  /  Revolution  /  Pendulumgraph 
 Absolute 
 Vortex 
 
 
 Pendulum  Magicians 
 Stargazer  /  Timegazer  /  Xiangke  /  Timebreaker  /  Acrobatic  /  Dragoncaller  /  Harmonizing  /  Double Iris  /  Black Fang  /  Purple Poison  /  Performapal Celestial 
 Dragonpulse 
 Nobledragon 
 Wisdom-Eye  /  Xiangsheng  /  Dharma-Eye  /  Performapal Five-Rainbow 
 Dragonpit 
 Oafdragon  /  White Wing 
 
 
 Prediction Princesses 
 Astromorrigan 
 Coinorma  /  Petalelf 
 n/a 
 Tarotrei 
 Crystaldine 
 Arrowsylph 
 
 
 Resonators 
 Dark  /  Synkron  /  Crimson 
 Clock 
 Flare  /  Red  /  Double  /  Net 
 Barrier  /  Chain  /  Mirror 
 Force 
 Creation 
 
 
 Road Magic 
 N/A 
 Diastrophism 
 Explosion 
 Rays Alter 
 Backflow 
 Tempest 
 
 
 El Shaddoll    Fusion Monsters    (1 "Shaddoll" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Winda 
 Shekhinaga 
 Grysta 
 Construct 
 Anoyatyllis 
 Wendigo 
 
 
 Signer Dragons 
 Red Archfiend  /  Black-Winged 
 Life Stream 
 Black Rose 
 Ancient Fairy 
 n/a 
 Stardust 
 
 
 Six Samurai     Legendary Six Samurai     Secret Six Samurai 
 Irou     Shi En     Doji 
 Yariza     Kizan     Kizaru 
 Kamon     Mizuho     Genba 
 Zanji     Enishi     Rihan 
 Yaichi     Shinai     Hatsume 
 Nisashi     Kageki     Fuma 
 
 
 Sky Striker Ace 
 Raye  /  Zeke 
 Kaina 
 Kagari 
 Roze 
 Shizuku 
 Hayate 
 
 
 Sushi Angels 
 Spider Roll 
 Monkey Roll 
 n/a 
 Garibel  /  Agaribel 
 Tiger Roll 
 Dragon Roll 
 
 
 Synchro  Warriors    Tuner  Synchrons 
 Junk  /  Satellite     Junk  /  Satellite 
 Drill     Drill 
 Nitro  /  Jet     Nitro  /  Jet 
 Road     Road 
 n/a     Steam 
 Turbo     Turbo 
 
 
 Tenyi  Spirits 
 Vishuda 
 Adhara 
 Mapura 
 Ashuna  /  Sahasrara 
 Sthana 
 Nahata 
 
 
 The Weathers    Canvas     (Continuous Spell/Trap Cards) 
 Aurora     Auroral 
 Snow     Snowy 
 Sun     Sunny 
 Thunder  /  Rainbow     Thundery  /  Rainbowed 
 Rain     Rainy 
 Cloud     Cloudy 
 
 
 Timelords 
 Vorpgate 
 Kamion  /  Hailon 
 Metaion  /  Lazion  /  Michion 
 Sephylon  /  Sandaion 
 Zaphion  /  Gabrion 
 Sadion  /  Raphion 
 
 
 True Draco and True King 
 All Calamities 
 Lithosazim  /  Dreiath III 
 Agnimazud  /  Ignis Heat 
 Master Peace  ( King ) /  Metaltron XII 
 Bahrstos  /  Dinomight Knight 
 Majesty Maiden  /  Mariamne 
 
 
 Witchcrafters 
 Haine 
 Potterie 
 Schmitta 
 Edel  /  Madame Verre  /  Golem Aruru 
 Pittore 
 Genni 
 
 
 World Chalice 
 World Legacy 
 Beckoned  /  Ningirsu 
 Chosen  /  Auram 
 Lee 
 Crowned  / Ib ( Priestess / Justiciar ) 
 Guardragon  /  Imduk  /  Almarduke 
 
 
 Yang Zing 
 Taotie  /  Jiaotu  /  Yazi 
 Bi'an  /  Zefraxi  /  Zefraniu 
 Suanni 
 Chiwen  /  Baxia  /  Chaofeng  /  Denglong 
 Bixi 
 Pulao 
 
 
 Yo-kai Girls 
 Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries 
 Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood 
 Ghost Mourner & Moonlit Chill 
 
 
 ZW - 
 Chimera Clad  /  Dragonic Halberd 
 Ultimate Shield 
 Phoenix Bow  /  Asura Strike 
 Unicorn Spear  /  Lightning Blade  /  Leo Arms  /  Sleipnir Mail  /  Fenrir Sword  /  Pegasus Twin Saber  /  Sylphid Wing 
 n/a 
 Tornado Bringer  /  Eagle Claw 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Monarchs.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160326011015', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Monarchs_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20070911151208', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/DARK.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes