Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Actor_-_Funky_Comedian


 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 49 ,  Sylvio Sawatari  plays this card in his duel against three  Obelisk Force  members with  Celina ,  Shay Obsidian ,  Moon Shadow . He places this card along with " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel " in his  Pendulum Zones . Using this, he  Pendulum Summons  " Abyss Actor - Superstar ".  Gong Strong  later joins the duel; on his turn, he tributes his two " Superheavy Samurai Thief " to remove this card and "Evil Heel" from Sylvio's Pendulum Zones and add them to his hand. Gong then tributes " Superheavy Samurai Transporter " to add this card and "Evil Heel" to Shay's hand. On Shay's turn, he sets the Pendulum Scales with this card and "Evil Heel". 
 In  episode 62 , during the "Great Entertainment Duel" between Sylvio,  Yuya Sakaki  and  Chojiro Tokumatsu , Sylvio sets the  Pendulum Scales  on the first turn using this card and "Abyss Actor - Evil Heel", using them to Pendulum Summon "Abyss Actor - Superstar". 
 In  episode 72 , Sylvio plays this card during his  Turbo Duel  against  Yugo . Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales on the first turn using this card and " Abyss Actor - Extras ". Four turns later, he activates this card's  Pendulum Effect , returning "Abyss Actor - Superstar" to the Extra Deck to allow " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie " to gain "Superstar's" ATK. 
 In  episode 97 , Sylvio plays this card in order to stop a  Commons  mob from clashing with  Sector Security . 
 In  episode 101 , Sylvio plays this card during his duel against  Kite Tenjo . On Kite's turn, when Sylvio's " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " is destroyed, its effect lets Sylvio add this card from his Deck to his hand. On Sylvio's next turn, he sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and "Abyss Actor - Evil Heel". Later that turn, he activates this card's Pendulum Effect, returning "Wild Hope" to his Extra Deck and allowing "Abyss Actor - Superstar" to gain "Wild Hope's" ATK. 
 In  episode 139 , Sylvio plays this card during the  Lancers' duel against   Z-ARC . On the turn he joins the duel, Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and "Abyss Actor - Evil Heel". 
 In  episode 141 , this card appears in a flashback to events in episode 49. 
 In  episode 142 , Sylvio plays this card during the Battle Royal against Yuya,  Gong Strong  and  Moon Shadow . On the sixth turn, Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and "Abyss Actor - Extras". Later that turn, he activates this card's Pendulum Effect, returning " Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser " to his Extra Deck and allowing "Abyss Actor - Superstar" to gain "Curtain Raiser's" ATK. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 In  chapter 9 ,  Shingo Sawatari  uses this card during his third duel against  Yuya Sakaki . He sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie ".   
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances