Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi,_Kaiba_and_Dartz%27s_Duel


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Yami Yugi, Kaiba and Dartz's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Kaiba Vs Dartz Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Seto Kaiba Dartz 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 Location 
 Atlantis 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 177  -  182 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Towards Dartz 
 2   Atlantis' story. 
 3   The 2nd "Seal of Orichalcos" and the "Mirror Knights". 
 4   The Greatest Seal!! 
 5   Kaiba's resolve. 
 6   "A Monster born from your hatred" 
 7   Kaiba's Defeat. 
 8   Yami's Self Doubt 
 9   The 3 Knights Unite. 
 10   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba Vs Dartz 
 11   Aftermath 
 12   Featured Cards 
 13   Notes 
 
 
 Towards Dartz 
 After the  Duel  between  Yami  and  Rafael  is over, the building they are on top of begins to shake and crumble. A KC Chopper arrives to rescue them, but Yami is unable to carry Rafael (who is still weakened from their previous Duel). Rafael falls into a chasm, but not before handing Yami an SD memory card. The whole building gives way to an ancient structure; the modern building was just an outer shell built around it. Yami hands  Kaiba  Rafael's SD memory card, and Kaiba uses a PDA to check it: it's a map, signalling the location of Dartz's temple. While flying away and after seeing a swarm of locusts fly across the skies, four military choppers intercept the KC Chopper and redirect it. 
 The KC Chopper has trouble making it through the typhoons and the storm that surrounds the island, but Dartz chants a spell to make a twister pull them closer. They land in front of the temple and disembark. They stumble upon the main chamber and feel like something lingers on the air, a kind of collective sadness. Discovering a passage, they find another room containing tablets depicting the imprisoned souls. Yami recognizes  Yugi , so he rushes forward when Dartz's voice booms out. 
 Two torches form an arch of fire and from it Dartz emerges, claiming that he's waited for them and welcoming them to his temple. He claims, as always, that he will get his souls and the blessing of his God. He erases two tablets to set apart "special seats" for both Kaiba and Yami. Kaiba and Yami tell him that the  Three Swordsmen  have been defeated, so he's the only one left. Dartz looks unfazed. He had always planned to have them be sacrificed as well. Yami demands the release of the souls, and Dartz challenges them to try to defeat him. He makes the whole set of torches light, thus revealing the whole room. Yugi and company gasp; the floor, walls and dome-shaped ceiling are filled with tablets of sealed souls.  Mokuba  recognizes that some of them are from other eras, even. Dartz explains that he's existed for over 10,000 years. He then forms a  Chaos Duel Disk  and steps forward. Kaiba announces that he shall be his opponent, but Yami refuses to let him go solo. They decide to do a  Tag-Team Duel , and Dartz agrees. The Duel begins. 
 Atlantis' story. 
 Dartz narrates the history of Atlantis: it was a peaceful city in which harvests were copious, there was no greed or vanity. People lived in harmony with the Land and the Spirits (the Duel Monsters). Dartz became hereditary King after his father,  Ironheart , resigned due to age. He had a wife, Iona, daughter,  Chris , and their pet  Skye . 
 However, one day, a volcano erupted and a 'gigantic black dragon' swallowed the Sun and stones rained down on the city: Orichalcos was born. Dartz explains that it was a treasure granted to them by Earth itself: anyone would've thought so. Why? Because it can become energy, medications and industrial products amongst other uses: they labelled it a miraculous material. Atlantis' civilization evolved in very quick manner. 
 However, they didn't notice something: the people's hearts were slowly beginning to become corrupt due to desire appearing and making people become the gathering ground for the Dark. 
 He then compares the 21st century's society to that of his age: a world full of useful material has caused the people to forget to be thankful to the Land and the Spirits. People live in an imagination-less reality and have lost most of their emotions. There are no crueler living beings than humans. 
 The inhabitants started to become "Monsters" and chaos ensued: Dartz was forced to slay his wife once she become an ugly beast. Blood was shed in Atlantis: the fountains began to be stained. 
 Confused, Dartz sensed a powerful energy coming from an Orichalcos fragment: it turned his left eye into its current turquoise color and shown a vision of a gigantic serpent-like creature pulsating inside of the Earth iself. He claims that he then understood everything: Orichalcos wasn't a miraculous material. It was a test issued to them from the Earth itself, and they failed it. It was meant to amplify the 'Dark' inside of humans. He claims that the humans would end up self-destructing themselves. 
 Dartz is granted command over the Orichalcos Soldiers, so Ironheart, Chris, and Sunny run off, knowing that Dartz has gone mad. Dartz ignores them and announces that a new God shall descend upon the world. 
 However, Ironheat and Chris escaped Atlantis and requested help from the world of Duel Monsters: these events led to the Battle of the Stone Wasteland. It ended in a stalemate, with Ironheart's side destroying the Orichalcos God. 
 Dartz goes on saying that, before his death, Ironheart "sealed" the "door" of the Duel Monsters world, leaving some of their relics scattered around the world: the Pyramids, the Aztec pyramids, the mastabas, the Greek temples... 
 He's waited 10,000 years, but the result is the same: humans keep on being corrupt and he must purge this world of them. When Kaiba claims that they've already defeated him, Dartz laughs and tells them to closely survey his powers. 
 The 2nd "Seal of Orichalcos" and the "Mirror Knights". 
 The three of them return to the 'real world' and both Kaiba & Yugi gasp upon seeing that Dartz still has 3500 LP and that their Attack did nothing: that was the Special Ability of " Orichalcos Kyutora ". 
 He then goes with the strategy of resurrecting " Orichalcos Gigas " and making him become a wall to keep "Kyutora" safe. Along the way, he plays " Orichalcos Deuteros ", the 2nd "Seal of Orichalcos". It allows him to gain 500 Life Points per every Monster on his side of the  Field . 
 "Deuteros" also posesses the ability to block a Direct Attack by using one Monster as a  Tribute . Thus, Dartz stops using "Gigas" and changes tacticts: with one  Ritual Monster , " Mirror Knight Calling ", he  Special Summons  4 " Mirror Knight Tokens " and quickly gains a lot of LP. 
 These "Mirror Knights" also possess the Special Ability of copying an enemy Monster's ATK and easily Destroy them. Even though Monsters with the same ATK Destroy each other, the " Mirror Knight Tokens " have their "Mirror Knights" which can be sacrificed to avoid their Destruction, and " Mirror Knight Calling " has another Special Effect: it can regenerate the shields. This pushes them into a tight corner. Kaiba uses " Kaiser Glider " to make sure Dartz can't pull the " Mirror Knight Tokens " Special Effect on him, making Dartz look amused. 
 When Dartz's Life Points go above the 10,000 mark, Kaiba plays " Ring of Destruction " to Destroy " Mirror Knight Calling ". 
 However, the helmets of the " Mirror Knight Tokens " shatter and fall into the ground: they are in truth the souls of Yugi, Mai, Joey and Pegasus who have been turned into this form. Yami gasps upon remembering how he was planning on using " Mirror Force " on them and wonders if he'd killed them then. 
 The Greatest Seal!! 
       Dartz activates the Third Seal:  Orichalcos Tritos     
 Dartz  has just Engaged a new  Field Spell Card : " Orichalcos Tritos ". 
 Its  Effect  soon is revealed: all  Trap Cards  and  Spell Cards  which Target his own Monsters are  Negated . Yami realizes that it can indeed be named the "Unrivaled" Seal. 
 
 Soon enough, Yami is obliged to  Tribute  his Monster to save Kaiba from a fatal blow. Dartz then orders the  Mirror Knight Tokens  to Attack all at once: since they are within the 3rd "Seal of Orichalcos", they cannot rebel anymore. 
 They do comply, but  Mirror Knight Pegasus  manages to convey a message to Yami.
 
 Mirror Knight Pegasus :  " Yugi - boy! Can you hear the voice of  me ? " 
 Yami :  " Pegasus...! " 
 Mirror Knight Pegasus :  " You must now use the "Nameless Card" I gave to  you ! " 
 Yami :  " ... "Nameless Card"... You mean the Card we found  back then ...? " 
 Mirror Knight Pegasus :  " That Card itself hides the power to dissolve the seal of the "Legendary Dragons"...! " 
 Dartz :  " Mirror Knight Pegasus! " 
 " Mirror Knight Pegasus " complies and then backs off. Yami is left wondering what did Pegasus mean by "dissolving the seal of the 'Legendary Dragons' while he ponders that he included the Card in question within his  Deck . 
 Kaiba's resolve. 
 Kaiba, refusing to end up like Dartz's 3 henchmen especially after all the trouble Dartz caused Kaiba with  Alister , Summons " The Fang of Critias " and combines it with Yami's unused " Mirror Force ". It becomes " Mirror Force Dragon ". Thanks to its  Effect , it absorbs the Attack he'd just shot at " Mirror Knight Pegasus " and he can redirect it to all of Dartz's Monsters. 
 Kaiba mistakes the  Mirror Knight Tokens  as holograms and destroys all of Dartz's monsters. 
 Indeed, a shower of rainbow-colored thin energy beams bombards Dartz's  Field . Yami, horrified, calls out to Yugi, who reassures him that this is alright. Pegasus looks at Kaiba and thanks him. " Orichalcos Kyutora " Negates all  Battle Damage  before it is  Destroyed . 
 However, "Kyutora" starts to shine in a weird manner. Dartz commands for it to display its true form. "Kyutora" blows up and a gigantic Dogu-like Monster emerges in its place! 
 "A Monster born from your hatred" 
 This new Monster is revealed to be the true "evolved form" of "Kyutora": " Orichalcos Shunoros ". Its ATK is determined by the sum of  Battle Damage  which was  Negated  by "Kyutora" and the +500 boost of " Orichalcos Tritos ". Therefore its ATK is... 20,000! 
 Dartz claims that "Shunoros" is a "Monster born from your hatred" and that the ones who have made it grown to this size are Yami & Kaiba. 
 If this wasn't enough, the arms of "Shunoros" detach and move forward to form 2 new Monsters: " Orichalcos Dexia " and " Orichalcos Aristeros "! 
 Both of them are unable to be  Destroyed  unless "Shunoros" were to be  Destroyed  first. However, since "Shunoros" is on the back row, normal Attacks won't reach it. Both arms are its "Ultimate Sword" and "Ultimate Shield". 
 Kaiba's Defeat. 
 Dartz  has one more ugly ace under his sleeves: a  Trap Card  which  Negates  a Monster's Special Effects. 
 By using it, "Shunoros" slices up " Mirror Force Dragon " and Kaiba is defeated but not before he uses a Trap of his own to transfer his Monster's ATK to Yami's LP. 
 Kaiba's soul is seized and storms begin appearing all over the world. Dartz makes a strange 'eye' show up and it uses some kind of power to knock out Yami's friends.
 
 Once alone, Dartz tells Yami: he's the reason why he's chosen to destroy the world. All of the reasons lay on the fact that Yami has revived after 3,000 years (5000 in the dub). 
 Yami defends himself: he's lost his memories. Dartz merely uses his magic to show Yami a vision of Ancient Egypt: Yami, as the "Nameless Pharaoh", is inside of a royal palace and facing a strange  serpent-like creature . He Summons "Obelisk the Tormentor" and defeats it.
 
 Dartz narrates: back then, the seal of the Duel Monsters' world was dissolved and people were once again stained by the 'Dark' in their hearts. Another nighttime vision shows the same  creature  (which seems to have changed) and an  unidentified rider  fleeing from the palace soon to be followed by the Pharaoh, riding a horse, and "Slifer the Sky Dragon". 
 Dartz happened to be there, wearing a black tunic and hood. He glanced at the Pharaoh as he rode away. The vision switches to display a trail of destruction left behind.  He explains that the ones wielding the 'Dark' fought and destroyed each other. 
 Another vision switches to present - day time: Yugi is seen completing the  Millennium Puzzle  for the first time and Yami's soul was revived. 
 Dartz then questions Yami why he had to be resurrected after such a long time. He tells him that there's just one answer: Yami himself, as a repulsing King, will end humanity's history! Humanity's history shall conclude once Yami is sacrificed to the Oreichalcos God, he adds.
 
 Yami's Self Doubt 
 Dartz presses on: in truth, Yami is a cursed Pharaoh. Even if he were to recover his lost memories, the only thing which would be waiting for him would be a gigantic tragedy beyond his imagination. Yami shatters, all of his confidence and calm gone, replaced by shock, fear and nerves. Dartz claims that Yami carries on the same tasks as he: only he can understand his pain. He suggests to Yami to, at the very least, end his Fate with his own hands, i.e, surrender the Duel. 
 Yami's hand moves towards the LP meter of his Duel Disk and floats over it. Dartz tells him that he shall return to being 'null' and he'll reunite with his companions. Somewhat hypnotized by Dartz's words, Yami imagines himself sinking into a mass of water and his body fading away along with his companions. Dartz commands "The Seal" to converge on Yami's position: it's all over, he says. Yami then sheds a tear which stains his Millennium Puzzle: a strange 'barrier' forms around him and the "Seal" is repelled and returned to its original size, to Dartz's shock. 
 Images of all of Yami's friends (the 3 Swordsmen as well) appear, infusing him with new confidence: somewhere in his heart, there's a container of memories built together: as long as it exists, he'll be able to revive countless times. Yami then tells Dartz that the reason why he has revived is for the sake of the companions he's met and "to defeat you and return the world's future!". He takes his turn and draws the "Nameless Card". He feels the power on it and will use it. 
       Yami summons the 3 Legendary Knights.     
 The "Nameless Card" transforms into "Legend of Heart": by paying 1000 Life Points and using his monster as a Tribute, he can Special Summon the 3 "Legendary Dragons", which become 3 Knights who looks very similar to each Chosen Duelists, thus proving Pegasus' theory correct. The 3 Knights claims that their bond shall not listen to the "Inside Heart of the Darkness Seal". 
 The Knights attack "Orichalcos Aristeros" and thus decrease the ATK of "Orichalcos Shunoros" to 5900. Dartz regains his confidence and intends to strike down Yami. However, "Legendary Knight Critias" uses its special effect, absorbing the power of Yami's "Mirror Force" and shoots that attack back at Dartz, effectively defeating "Shunoros", "Aristeros" and "Dexia". At this point, Dartz reveals the last effect of "Shunoros", paying all of his Life Points to Special Summon "Divine Serpent Geh". As long as it remains on the field, he cannot lose the Duel and its ATK is infinite. 
 The 3 Knights Unite. 
 "Divine Serpent Geh" has just attacked Yami's "Dark Magician Girl"; if the attack is successful, Yami will lose the Duel. However, Yami uses " Legendary Knight Hermos 's" effect, redirecting the attack to "Hermos" and removing from play " Obnoxious Celtic Guard " in his Graveyard to have "Hermos" gain its effect until the end of the turn. Now "Hermos" cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or more ATK, and Yami is safe. 
 The 3 Knights claim, that, by staking their lives, they shall protect their Master. Dartz grumbles and has to end his turn. Yami draws and claims that it's finally time to settle scores. Dartz shrugs and points out that his adversary, the "Divine Serpent Geh", has infinite ATK. 
 Yami recalls about how this is a battle for the sake of a lot of people. By combining the effects of all three Legendary Knights, he is able to deliver the finishing blow to Dartz's "Divine Serpent Geh" with " Timaeus the Knight of Destiny ", whose power tears a rift to the dimension in which the seized souls are being fed to the Orichalcos God. 
 Yami demands that Dartz free all his captured souls, but  The Orichalcos God  suddenly appears out of an inter-dimensional portal and snatches Dartz, to Yami's surprise. The 3 Knights are able to recall the souls of Yugi, Joey and Kaiba before the rift closes. 
 
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba Vs Dartz 
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then  activates  " White Dragon Ritual " to  Tribute  " Vorse Raider " from his  Hand  and  Ritual Summon  " Paladin of White Dragon " (1900/1200) in Attack Position. He then activates " Paladin of White Dragon 's"  Effect  to Tribute itself and  Special Summon  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws. He then activates " Black Luster Ritual " to  Tribute  " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior " from his  Hand  and  Ritual Summon  " Black Luster Soldier " (3000/2500) in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then  Sets  a Card (though this isn't mentioned in the dub).
 Turn 3: Dartz 
Dartz draws. He then activates " The Seal of Orichalcos ". From now on, all of Dartz's  Monsters  will receive a 500  ATK  boost and the loser(s) of this Duel will lose their soul(s). Dartz then  Normal Summons  " Orichalcos Gigas " (400 → 900/1500) in  Defense Position . Dartz then pays 500 Life Points ( Dartz  4000  → 3500) to  Special Summon  " Orichalcos Kyutora " (500  → 1000/500) from his  Hand  in  Defense Position . Dartz places it in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone , which means that it can't be  attacked  until Dartz's first-row Monsters are  destroyed  first.
 Turn 4: Kaiba 
Kaiba's hand is shown to contain two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and " Reflect Energy ". Kaiba draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse his " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " on the  Field  with the 2 " Blue-Eyes White Dragons " in his  Hand  and  Fusion Summon  " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 5: Yami 
 
         " Dragon Master Knight " as it prepares to attack     
 Yami Yugi draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse his " Black Luster Soldier " with Seto's " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " and Fusion Summon " Master of Dragon Soldier " (5000/5000) on Yami's side of the Field in Attack Position. Yami Yugi then activates " Meteorain " to grant all of his Monsters the ability to inflict  Piercing  damage this turn. " Master of Dragon Soldier " attacks & destroys Dartz's " Orichalcos Gigas ", but due to " Orichalcos Kyutora 's" effect, Dartz receives no  Battle Damage . Dartz activates the effect of " Orichalcos Gigas " to  Special Summon  his "Orichalcos Gigas" from his Graveyard in Attack Position with a 500 more ATK (" Orichalcos Gigas ": 900 → 1400/1500) by skipping his next  Draw Phase .
 Turn 6: Dartz 
Due to  Orichalcos Gigas 's effect, Dartz must skip his next Draw Phase Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros ". This card gains all the effects of " The Seal of Orichalcos ", plus a few Effects of its own. Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros 's" first effect to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he  Controls . With 2 Monsters, he gains 1000 Life Points ( Dartz  3500 → 4500). " Orichalcos Gigas " attacks Yami's " Master of Dragon Soldier ". "Master of Dragon Soldier" destroys " Orichalcos Gigas ", but thanks to " Orichalcos Kyutora 's" Effect, Dartz receives no  Battle Damage . Dartz then activates the effect of " Orichalcos Gigas " to  Special Summon  the latter monster from his Graveyard in Attack Position with 500 more ATK, but Dartz has to skip his next Draw Phase (" Orichalcos Gigas ": 1400 → 1900/1500). 
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then  Sets  a Card and Normal Summons " Blade Knight " (1600/1000) in  Attack Position . Since Seto has at most one Card in his Hand, " Blade Knight 's" effect allows it to increase its ATK by 400 (" Blade Knight ": 1600 → 2000/1000).
 Turn 8: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws. Seto then activates " Reflect Energy " to Tribute " Blade Knight " and allow Yami's Monsters to attack Dartz directly this Turn. " Master of Dragon Soldier " Attacks Dartz Directly, but Dartz activates the second effect of " Orichalcos Deuteros " to Tribute " Orichalcos Gigas " and destroy " Master of Dragon Soldier ". Yami then activates " De-Fusion " to return " Master of Dragon Soldier " to the Fusion Deck and Special Summon " Black Luster Soldier " (3000/2500) and " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) from the Graveyard in  Attack Position  with "Black Luster Soldier" on Yami's side of the field and "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" on Kaiba's side of the field. Since "Master of Dragon Soldier" left the field, its attack is negated.
 Turn 9: Dartz 
Dartz draws "Timeater" (Note: this time Dartz doesn't skip his  Draw Phase  since he has  Tributed  "Gigas" and it's currently in his Graveyeard.). Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Mirror " to Tribute " Timeater " from his  Hand  and  Ritual Summon  " Mirror Knight Calling " from his Deck (0 → 500/0) in Attack Position. Since "Mirror Knight Calling" was Ritual Summoned, Dartz Special Summons 4 " Mirror Knight Tokens " (0 → 500/0 for all) to the Field in Attack Position. Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros 's" first effect to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he controls. With 6 Monsters, he gains 3000 Life Points ( Dartz  4500 → 7500). 
 The first " Mirror Knight Token " attacks Seto's " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ". Due to the effect of " Mirror Knight Token ", it gains  ATK  equal to the Monster it's Battling (" Mirror Knight Token ": 500 → 4500/0). Dartz destroys the Shield Counter on " Mirror Knight Token " to prevent its destruction, so only Seto's " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " is Destroyed. At the end of the Damage Step, the first Mirror Knight Token's ATK goes back to normal (" Mirror Knight Token ": 4500 → 500/0). The second " Mirror Knight Token " attacks Yami's " Black Luster Soldier ". Due to the effect of " Mirror Knight Token ", it gains  ATK  equal to the Monster it's Battling (" Mirror Knight Token ": 500 → 3000/0). Dartz destroys the Shield Counter on " Mirror Knight Token " to prevent its destruction, so only Yami's " Black Luster Soldier " is Destroyed. At the end of the Damage Step, the second Mirror Knight Token's ATK goes back to normal (" Mirror Knight Token ": 3000 → 500/0). The third " Mirror Knight Token " attacks Seto Directly ( Seto  4000 → 3500). The fourth " Mirror Knight Token " attacks Yami Directly ( Yami  4000 → 3500). Dartz then activates " Mirror Knight Calling 's" second effect to place Shield Counters on the " Mirror Knight Tokens " that don't have Shield Counters.
 Turn 10: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Card of Demise " and subsequently activates it to  draw  until he has 5 Cards in his Hand. 5 Turns after " Card of Demise 's" Activation, Seto must  Discard  his entire Hand. Kaiba's hand is shown to contain "Silent Doom", "Kaiser Glider", "Cost Down", "Ring of Destruction", and "Attack Guidance Barrier". Kaiba then activates " Silent Doom " to  Special Summon  " Blade Knight " (1600/1000) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. He then  Tributes  " Blade Knight " to Summon " Kaiser Glider " (2400/2200) in  Attack Position . Due to this card's effect, it can't be destroyed in battle by a monster with the same ATK as it. Kaiba then Sets a Card.
 Turn 11: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws "Mirror Force". He then Sets a Card (" Mirror Force ") and Normal Summons " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 12: Dartz 
 
         Dartz  uses the souls of Yugi, Joey, Mai and Pegasus as Tokens.     
 Dartz draws. He then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros 's" first Effect to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he controls. With 6 Monsters, Dartz gains 3000 Life Points ( Dartz  7500 → 10500). Seto then activates " Ring of Destruction " to destroy Dartz's " Mirror Knight Calling " and inflict damage to Seto and Dartz equal to the  ATK  of "Mirror Knight Calling" ( Dartz  10500 → 10000;  Seto  3500 → 3000). At this point, it is revealed that the Mirror Knight Tokens have the souls of Yugi, Joey, Mai, and Pegasus. Dartz orders " Mirror Knight Yugi " to attack Yami, but it refuses to obey. Dartz  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 13: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Pot of Greed". 1 Turn has passed since " Card of Demise 's" Activation: in 4 more  Turns  Seto must  Discard  his entire  Hand . Kaiba  activates  " Pot of Greed " to draw 2 Cards. He then activates " Cost Down " to discard 1 Card and reduce the Levels of all monsters on his hand and field by 2 for this turn. Kaiba Normal Summons " Different Dimension Dragon " (1400/1500) in  Attack Position . This monster can't be destroyed in battle by monsters that have at most 1900 ATK. 
 " Kaiser Glider " attacks " Mirror Knight Mai ". Due to the latter's effect, " Mirror Knight Mai " gains  ATK  equal to the Monster it's Battling (" Mirror Knight Mai ": 500 → 2400/0). Due to " Kaiser Glider 's" effect, it is not destroyed. Dartz then destroys the Shield Counter on " Mirror Knight Mai " to prevent her destruction. At the end of the Damage Step, the ATK of "Mirror Knight Mai" decreases to its previous value (" Mirror Knight Mai ": 2400 → 500/0). " Different Dimension Dragon " attacks " Mirror Knight Mai ", but " Mirror Knight Joey " intercepts the attack. Due to the effect of " Mirror Knight Joey ", it gains  ATK  equal to the Monster it's battling (" Mirror Knight Joey ": 500 → 1400/0). Due to " Different Dimension Dragon 's" effect, it is not destroyed. Dartz then destroys " Mirror Knight Joey 's" Shield Counter to prevent his own destruction. At the end of the Damage Step, "Mirror Knight Joey's" ATK goes back to normal (" Mirror Knight Mai ": 1400 → 500/0). Kaiba Sets a Card.
 Turn 14: Yami 
Yami draws. He then Passes his turn as he is unwilling to attack his friends.
 Turn 15: Dartz 
Dartz draws. He then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros 's" first effect to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he controls. With 5 Monsters, Dartz gains 2500 Life Points ( Dartz  10000 → 12500). Dartz then activates " Twin Bow Centaur ". Now once during his Main Phase 1, Dartz can select one monster under his control and one monster under the control of Kaiba or Yami Yugi and toss a coin. If he calls it right, the targeted monster under the control of Dartz's opponent will be removed from play and then the controller will take damage equal to the removed monster's ATK. If he calls it wrong, Dartz's targeted monster will be removed from play and Dartz will then take damage equal to the removed monster's ATK. If Dartz activates the effect of "Twin Bow Centaur", he won't be allowed to conduct his Battle Phase this turn.
 Dartz activates "Twin Bow Centaur's" Effect by selecting " Mirror Knight Joey " and Seto's " Kaiser Glider " as the targets for the effect of "Twin Bow Centaur" and tossing a coin. Dartz wins the  Coin toss , so Seto's " Kaiser Glider " is  removed from play  and Seto takes  damage  equal to its  ATK  ( Seto  3000 → 600). Since Dartz activated the effect of " Twin Bow Centaur ", he can't conduct his Battle Phase this turn, so Dartz ends his turn.
 Turn 16: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. 2 Turns have passed since " Card of Demise 's" Activation: in 3 more Turns Seto must Discard his entire Hand. " Different Dimension Dragon " attacks " Mirror Knight Joey ", but " Mirror Knight Yugi " intercepts the attack. Due to the effect of " Mirror Knight Yugi ", it gains  ATK  equal to the monster it's battling (" Mirror Knight Yugi ": 500 → 1400/0). Due to " Different Dimension Dragon 's" Effect, it is not destroyed. Dartz then destroys " Mirror Knight Yugi 's" Shield Counter to prevent his own destruction. At the end of the Damage Step, "Mirror Knight Yugi's" ATK goes back to normal (" Mirror Knight Yugi ": 1400 → 500/0).
 Turn 17: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws " Mystical Space Typhoon " and subsequently activates it to destroy Dartz's " Twin Bow Centaur ".
 Turn 18: Dartz 
Dartz draws. He then Normal Summons " Orichalcos Malevolence " (1500 → 2000/1000) in  Attack Position . Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Deuteros 's" first effect to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he controls. With 6 Monsters, he gains 3000 Life Points ( Dartz  12500 → 15500). " Orichalcos Malevolence " attacks Seto's " Different Dimension Dragon ", but Seto activates " Attack Guidance Barrier " to redirect the attack to Yami's " Big Shield Gardna " and increase its  DEF  by 600 until the  End Phase  (" Big Shield Gardna ": 100/2600 → 3200). The attack fails, but due to " Orichalcos Kyutora 's" effect, Dartz receives no  Battle Damage . Since " Big Shield Gardna " was attacked, its second effect activates, switching it to  Attack Position  at the end of the Damage Step. Due to " Attack Guidance Barrier 's" last Effect, Dartz's  Battle Phase  ends immediately. On Dartz's End Phase, the effect of "Attack Guidance Barrier" wears off (" Big Shield Gardna ": 100/3200 → 2600)
 Turn 19: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. 3 Turns have passed since " Card of Demise 's" Activation: in 2 more Turns Seto must Discard his entire Hand. Kaiba then switches " Different Dimension Dragon " to  Defense Position  and Sets 2 Cards.
 Turn 20: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws. He then switches " Big Shield Gardna " to  Defense Position  and Sets a Card.
 Turn 21: Dartz 
Dartz draws " Orichalcos Tritos " and subsequently activates it. It gains all the  effects  of " The Seal of Orichalcos " and " Orichalcos Deuteros ", plus a few Effects of its own. Dartz activates the " Orichalcos Deuteros " effect of "Orichalcos Tritos" to gain 500 Life Points for each Monster he controls. With 6 Monsters, Dartz gains 3000 Life Points ( Dartz  15500 → 18500). Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Malevolence 's" effect to switch " Different Dimension Dragon " to  Attack Position . 
 " Orichalcos Malevolence "  attacks  " Different Dimension Dragon ", but  Seto  activates " Shrink " to halve " Orichalcos Malevolence 's"  ATK  until the End Phase, however Dartz then activates " Orichalcos Tritos 's" effect to negate Seto's " Shrink " and destroy it. Yami then activates " Ambush Shield " to Tribute " Big Shield Gardna " and increase " Different Dimension Dragon 's"  ATK  by the DEF of "Big Shield Gardna" (" Different Dimension Dragon ": 1400 → 4000/1500) until the End Phase. "Different Dimension Dragon" destroys Dartz's " Orichalcos Malevolence ", but due to " Orichalcos Kyutora 's" Effect, Dartz receives no  Battle Damage . The 4 " Mirror Knight Tokens " attack  Yami  directly ( Yami  3500 → 3000 → 2500 → 2000 → 1500).  Dartz then  Sets  a Card. On Dartz's End Phase, the effect of "Ambush Shield" wears off (" Different Dimension Dragon ": 4000 → 1400/1500).
 Turn 22: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Fang of Critias". 4  Turns  have passed since " Card of Demise 's"  Activation : In 1 more turn,  Seto  must  Discard  his entire  Hand . Kaiba activates " Fang of Critias " to fuse the latter with Yami's set " Mirror Force " and Special Summon " Mirror Force Dragon " (2800/2800) in  Attack Position . " Mirror Force Dragon "  attacks  " Mirror Knight Pegasus ". Due to the latter's Effect, " Mirror Knight Pegasus " gains  ATK  equal to the  Monster  it's battling (" Mirror Knight Pegasus ": 500 → 2800/0). Dartz then destroys " Mirror Knight Pegasus 's"  Shield Counter  to prevent his own destruction. " Mirror Force Dragon 's" effect then activates, inflicting Battle Damage equal to the difference between "Mirror Force Dragon's" ATK and the total ATK of his monsters that had less ATK than "Mirror Force Dragon" at the start of the Damage Step. Due to "Kyutora's" effect, Dartz takes no Battle Damage. After that happens, the last effect of "Mirror Force Dragon" activates, destroying all of Dartz's monsters without applying damage calculation. Yami Yugi and Kaiba, at this point, find out that the souls of their friends were released upon being destroyed in Mirror Knight form and are now safe. 
 Since " Orichalcos Kyutora " was destroyed, its final effect activates, allowing Dartz to  Special Summon  " Orichalcos Shunoros " in  Attack Position  (?/0), " Orichalcos Dexia " (0 → 500/0) in Attack Position and " Orichalcos Aristeros " (0 → 500/0) in  Defense Position . " Orichalcos Shunoros 's"  ATK  and  DEF  are equal to the total amount of  Damage  Negated by the effect of " Orichalcos Kyutora " (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": ? → 19500 → 20000/0 → 19500) (NOTE: To see how this result is achieved, see Damage Prevention Table in the  NOTES section  below). Dartz places " Orichalcos Shunoros " in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  (back row) and " Orichalcos Dexia " and " Orichalcos Aristeros " in his  Monster Card Zone  (front row). This means that as long as " Orichalcos Dexia " and " Orichalcos Aristeros " exist on the  field , " Orichalcos Shunoros " cannot be  Attacked . 
 Dartz then activates " Martyr Curse " to force " Mirror Force Dragon " and " Orichalcos Shunoros " to battle. Due to the last effect of "Martyr Curse", the effects of Seto's " Mirror Force Dragon " are negated until the end of the Damage Step. " Orichalcos Shunoros " destroys " Mirror Force Dragon " ( Seto  600 → 0). Since Seto has lost the Duel, "Different Dimension Dragon" is destroyed. " Orichalcos Shunoros 's" third Effect then activates, decreasing its ATK and DEF by the  ATK  of the  Monster  it just battled i.e. 2800 (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 20000 → 17200/19500 → 16700). Before his soul is taken away, Seto Activates " Wish of Final Effort " to increase Yami Yugi's Life Points by the ATK of " Mirror Force Dragon " ( Yami  1500 → 4300).
 Turn 23: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw 2 cards (One of the cards he drew was "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian"). He then  Normal Summons  " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 24: Dartz 
Dartz draws. He then activates the " Orichalcos Deuteros "  effect  of " Orichalcos Tritos " to increase his Life Points by 500 for each  Monster  he  Controls . With 3 monsters, Dartz gains 1500 Life Points ( Dartz  18500 → 20000). " Orichalcos Dexia " attacks  Yami 's " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian ". Due to the effect of " Orichalcos Dexia ", it gains  ATK  equal to the  DEF  of the  Defense Position  Monster it's battling plus 300 (" Orichalcos Dexia ": 500 → 1200 → 1500/0). Yami then activates " Soul Shield " to pay half his Life Points ( Yami  4300 → 2150) and prevent " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " from being destroyed as well as reduce all Battle Damage he takes from the attack to 0. Because of that, the attack fails. The second effect of " Orichalcos Shunoros " then activates, decreasing its ATK and DEF by the  ATK  " Orichalcos Dexia " just gained while Battling (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 17200 → 15700/16700 → 15200). At the end of the Damage Step, the ATK of "Orichalcos Dexia" goes back to normal (" Orichalcos Dexia ": 1500 → 500/0). The last effect of "Soul Shield" then activates, ending the Battle Phase.
 Turn 25: Yami 
Dartz convinces Yami he should surrender. Yami nearly does so, but Yami breaks free at the last moment when a teardrop hits the  Millennium Puzzle  and it repels back the Seal, allowing Yami to regain his senses and realize there is still hope left. Yami draws " Legend of Heart " and subsequently activates it to pay 1000 Life Points ( Yami  2150 → 1150),  Tribute  " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian ", and  Remove from play  " The Eye of Timaeus ", " Fang of Critias ", and " Claw of Hermos " from his hand, Deck, or Graveyard in order to  Special Summon  " Legendary Knight Timaeus " (2800/1800), " Legendary Knight Hermos " (2800/1800) and " Legendary Knight Critias " (2800/1800) all in Attack Position. Due to the second effect of " Legend of Heart ", Dartz's " Orichalcos Tritos " is destroyed (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 15700 → 15200/15200) (" Orichalcos Dexia ": 500 → 0/0) (" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 500 → 0/0). Because " Orichalcos Tritos " has been destroyed, both players' souls are no longer at stake. 
 " Legendary Knight Timaeus " attacks Dartz's " Orichalcos Aristeros ". Due to the effect of " Orichalcos Aristeros ", it gains  DEF  equal to the Monster it's battling plus 300 (" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/0 → 2800 → 3100). The attack fails ( Yami  1150 → 850). The second effect of " Orichalcos Shunoros " then activates, decreasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by the  DEF  " Orichalcos Aristeros " just gained while Battling (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 15200 → 12100/15200 → 12100). At the end of the Damage Step, the DEF of "Orichalcos Aristeros" goes back to normal(" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/3100 → 0). 
 " Legendary Knight Hermos " Attacks Dartz's " Orichalcos Aristeros ". Due to the effect of " Orichalcos Aristeros ", it gains  DEF  equal to the Monster it's battling plus 300 (" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/0 → 2800 → 3100) The attack fails ( Yami  850 → 550). The second effect of " Orichalcos Shunoros " then activates, decreasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by the  DEF  " Orichalcos Aristeros " just gained while Battling (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 12100 → 9000/12100 → 9000). At the end of the Damage Step, the DEF of "Orichalcos Aristeros" goes back to normal(" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/3100 → 0). 
 " Legendary Knight Critias " attacks Dartz's " Orichalcos Aristeros ". Due to the effect of " Orichalcos Aristeros ", it gains  DEF  equal to the monster it's Battling plus 300 (" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/0 → 2800 → 3100) The attack fails ( Yami  550 → 250). The second effect of " Orichalcos Shunoros " then activates, decreasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by the  DEF  " Orichalcos Aristeros " just gained while Battling (" Orichalcos Shunoros ": 9000 → 5900/9000 → 5900). At the end of the Damage Step, the DEF of "Orichalcos Aristeros" goes back to normal(" Orichalcos Aristeros ": 0/3100 → 0).
 Turn 26: Dartz 
Dartz draws. " Orichalcos Shunoros " attacks Yami's " Legendary Knight Critias ", but Yami activates the first effect of " Legendary Knight Critias " to activate the " Mirror Force " in his  Graveyard , which redirects the attack of " Orichalcos Shunoros " back at Dartz ( Dartz  20000 → 14100) and  destroys  all of his Attack Position monsters. (NOTE #1: In the  anime , Critias is shown to 'absorb' the power of " Mirror Force " and redirect the attack himself. Yami does say that he's using a 'Trap used by an ally', referencing how Kaiba employed it before he was defeated.) 
 Since "Orichalcos Shunoros" has been removed from the field, "Orichalcos Aristeros" and "Orichalcos Dexia" are destroyed. Since "Orichalcos Shunoros" was destroyed. Dartz activates its final effect to pay all his Life Points ( Dartz  14100 → 0) and discard his entire hand to  Special Summon  " Divine Serpent Geh " (∞/∞) in Attack Position. As long as "Divine Serpent Geh" remains in play, Dartz cannot lose the Duel.
 Turn 27: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws "Dark Magician Girl". He then Sets a Card.
 Turn 28: Dartz 
Dartz draws "Impact Revive". He then activates the effect of " Divine Serpent Geh " to send the top 10 Cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  and allow "Divine Serpent Geh" to attack. "Divine Serpent Geh" attacks & destroys Yami's " Legendary Knight Timaeus " ( Yami  250 → 0) (NOTE: Despite that the seal was destroyed, it returns to try to claim Yami's soul. This was likely done for dramatic effect.). Yami then activates " Relay Soul " to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in  Defense Position . As long as " Dark Magician Girl " remains in Play, Yami does not lose the Duel. 
 Dartz then activates " Impact Revive " to  Special Summon  " Legendary Knight Timaeus " (2800/1800) from Yami Yugi's Graveyard to his side of the Field in Attack Position with 500 more ATK (" Legendary Knight Timaeus ": 2800 → 3300/1800) in order to repeat his  Battle Phase . Dartz then activates the effect of " Divine Serpent Geh " to send the top 10 cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  and allow it to attack. "Divine Serpent Geh" attacks Yami's " Dark Magician Girl . If the attack goes through, Yami will lose. Yami activates the first effect of " Legendary Knight Hermos ", redirecting the attack to "Hermos" instead. Yami then activates the second effect of "Hermos", removing from play " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " from his  Graveyard  to have " Legendary Knight Hermos " gain its effect. Now "Hermos" cannot be destroyed by battle against a monster that has 1900 ATK or more, so the attack fails.  Damage calculation  is applied normally (Yami 0 → 0).
 Turn 29: Yami 
Yami draws " Attack Guidance Barrier ". " Legendary Knight Critias " attacks "Divine Serpent Geh". Yami activates the effect of "Critias", having "Critias" absorb the effect of "Attack Guidance Barrier" from his hand. Now Yami can choose another monster on the field, and whenever "Critias" attacks or is attacked this turn, the attack will be redirected to the chosen monster. Yami chooses "Legendary Knight Hermos". (For dramatic effect, "Hermos" is shown flying alongside "Critias" and also attacking "Divine Serpent Geh".)
 Since "Hermos" has been attacked, Yami activates its third effect by removing from play 3 monsters in his Deck (" Alpha The Magnet Warrior ", " Beta The Magnet Warrior " and " Gamma The Magnet Warrior "). Now for the rest of the turn, whenever "Hermos" is attacked, its ATK will be tripled ("Hermos": 2800 → 8400/ ??? ) and the attack will be reflected back to the attacking monster (i.e. "Critias").
 Since "Critias" has been attacked, its absorbed effect activates, redirecting the attack to "Hermos". Since "Hermos" has been attacked, its effect triples its ATK ("Hermos": 8400 → 25200/???) and reflects it back at "Critias". Since "Critias" has been attacked, its absorbed effect activates, redirecting the attack to "Hermos". Since "Hermos" has been attacked, its effect triples its ATK ("Hermos": 25200 → 75600/???) and reflects it back at "Critias". Yami declares that this is an  infinite loop , and will repeat until the ATK of "Hermos" reaches  ∞ . (Note: This would be impossible in both mathematics and normal game mechanics for obvious reasons, as infinity is not an actual number but rather the concept of a value greater than any number.)
 Yami Yugi activates the effect of " Legendary Knight Timaeus ", having it absorb "Critias" and "Hermos" and Special Summon " Knight of Destiny " (?/???) in Attack Position. The first effect of Knight of Destiny makes its ATK the combined ATK of the absorbed monsters (Knight of Destiny: ? → More than ∞/???). "Timaeus the Knight of Destiny" attacks Divine Serpent. Divine Serpent is destroyed. Since Dartz has 0 Life Points and no longer controls Divine Serpent, he loses the Duel.
 Yami wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 The souls of Yugi Muto, Joey Wheeler and Seto Kaiba are freed, but a serpent like creature devours Dartz. Tristan, Tea and Mokuba regain consciousness and they all look for Dartz. They find his soul and Dartz informs them the Great Leviathan has been revived using his soul as a substitute for Yami Yugi's Kaiba's and Joey's souls. The great Leviathan was fueled by the souls of the victims of the Orichalcos. A great battle raged on with Yami Yugi using the souls of the Leviathan's victims against it, turning the darkness in their hearts into light, ultimately destroying the body of the Great Leviathan. But Dartz's evil still lives and attempts to corrupt Yami Yugi again, but fails to do so. The darkness is fited from the earth and Dartz is reunited with his father and daughter, and Atlantis sinks to the bottom of the sea.
 In the aftermath, Weevil and Rex wake up in a hospital to continue their quest to crush Yugi and Joey. Alister vows not to rest until he finds his brother Mikey. Valon recovers in his house and finds a gift left by Mai, though she leaves on a journey to redeem herself.
 Yugi and Yami end up on a beach and are greeted by Dark Magician Girl and the Legendary Knights who thank them for saving the world and depart for the Duel Spirit World. Yugi is reunited with his friends and they set out for more adventures.
 
 Featured Cards 
 Cards in italics debuted here
 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blade Knight 
 Kaiser Glider 
 Different Dimension Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of White Dragon Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Mirror Force Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Card of Demise 
 Cost Down 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 Pot of Greed 
 Reflect Energy 
 Silent Doom 
 Shrink 
 White Dragon Ritual 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 Fang of Critias 
 Traps 
 Attack Guidance Barrier 
 Ring of Destruction 
 Wish of Final Effort 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Legendary Knight Critias 
 Legendary Knight Hermos 
 Legendary Knight Timaeus 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guard 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragon Master Knight 
 Timaeus the Knight of Destiny Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Luster Ritual 
 De-Fusion 
 Legend of Heart 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 Pot of Greed 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 Claw of Hermos 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 Traps 
 Ambush Shield 
 Attack Guidance Barrier 
 Meteorain 
 Mirror Force 
 Relay Soul 
 Soul Shield 
 
 Dartz Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Divine Serpent Geh 
 Orichalcos Aristeros 
 Orichalcos Dexia 
 Orichalcos Gigas 
 Orichalcos Kyutora 
 Orichalcos Malevolence 
 Orichalcos Shunoros 
 Timeater 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Mirror Knight Calling Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Impact Revive 
 Orichalcos Deuteros 
 Orichalcos Tritos 
 Orichalcos Mirror 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Twin-Bow Centaur 
 Traps 
 Martyr Curse 
 Notes 
 " Orichalcos Kyutora " accumulates a significant amount of  Battle Damage  before it is eventually  Destroyed . Its Destruction results into the  Special Summon  of " Orichalcos Shunoros ", whose  ATK  and  DEF  is equal to all the Damage prevented by " Orichalcos Kyutora ". The table below outlines how the total of  19500  is achieved.
 
 
 
 Episode
 
 Turn
 
 Damage
 
 Attacker
 
 Att. monster
 
 ATK
 
 Defender
 
 Def. monster
 
 ATK or DEF
 
 
 177 
 
 Yami (2)
 
   	3500 
 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 Master of Dragon Soldier 
 
 5000
 
 Dartz 
 
 Orichalcos Gigas 
 
 1500
 
 
 178 
 
 Dartz (1)
 
   	3600 
 
 Dartz
 
 Orichalcos Gigas 
 
 1400
 
 Yami Yugi
 
 Master of Dragon Soldier 
 
 5000
 
 
 179 
 
 Dartz (3)
 
   	1200 
 
 Dartz
 
 Orichalcos Malevolence 
 
 2000
 
 Yami
 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 
 3200
 
 
 180
 
 Dartz (1)
 
   	2000 
 
 Dartz
 
 Orichalcos Malevolence 
 
 2000
 
 Seto 
 
 Different Dimension Dragon 
 
 4000
 
 
 180
 
 Seto (1)
 
   	2300 
 
 Seto
 
 Mirror Force Dragon 
 
 2800
 
 Dartz
 
 Mirror Knight Yugi 
 
 500
 
 
 180
 
 Seto (1)
 
   	2300 
 
 Seto
 
 Mirror Force Dragon 
 
 2800
 
 Dartz
 
 Mirror Knight Joey 
 
 500
 
 
 180
 
 Seto (1)
 
   	2300 
 
 Seto
 
 Mirror Force Dragon 
 
 2800
 
 Dartz
 
 Mirror Knight Mai 
 
 500
 
 
 180
 
 Seto (1)
 
   	2300 
 
 Seto
 
 Mirror Force Dragon 
 
 2800
 
 Dartz
 
 Mirror Knight Pegasus 
 
 500
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	TOTAL 
 
   	19500 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Doma Members 
 Alister 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Mai Valentine 
 Raphael 
 Rex Raptor 
 Valon 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Events 
 Duels 
 Mai and Pegasus 
 Yami Yugi and Gurimo 
 Kaiba and Alister (first) 
 Joey and Mai (first) 
 Yami and Rafael (first) 
 Joey and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Weevil 
 Yugi and Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi and the Orichalcos Soldier 
 Rebecca, Duke and Valon 
 Kaiba and Alister (second) 
 Joey and Valon 
 Joey and Mai (second) 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael (second) 
 Yami Yugi, Kaiba and Dartz 
 Other 
 Battle of Atlantis 
 Gas station incident 
 Pegasus' Doma warning 
 Attack on Arthur's house 
 Yami Yugi and Kaiba's KaibaCorp infiltration 
 The Great Leviathan's revival 
 
 Other 
 Orichalcos 
 Paradius 
 " The Seal of Orichalcos " 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/Yugioh177.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121226150540', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Yugioh180.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/280?cb=20071015192839', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Legendary_Knights.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/280?cb=20150415032623', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/652010_42023_PM.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100605213003', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/Yugioh178.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/280?cb=20121226151314']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Duels, Waking the Dragons Duels