Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Nezbitt


 
 Nezbitt 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Nezbitt 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Soichiro Ota 
 
 
 Other names  
 Big 4 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 大田 宗一郎; Drill Sergeant (nickname), "Demon Warlord of the Factory" (nickname) 
 
 
 Spanish name  
 Nesbitt; Tecno-pardillo (nickname by Duke Devlin; Spanish from Spain only) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Engineer 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 
 Team 
 The Big Five 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Machine 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Robotic Knight Perfect Machine King 
 
 
 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Steel Soul 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 David Wills 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroomi Sugino 
 
 
 German voice 
 Detlef Bierstedt 
 
 
 Spanish voice 
 Eduardo del Hoyo (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Nezbitt , known as  Soichiro Ota  in the Japanese version, was an engineer and formally the chief technical officer at KaibaCorp who oversaw the company's research and development activities. He was in charge of Technical Engineering of the military weapons KaibaCorp originally made and later the virtual reality Duel Monster system and video game software initiated by Seto Kaiba. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice and mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   KaibaCorp 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Legendary Heroes 
 2.4   Virtual Realm 
 2.5   Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Anime 
 3.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Nezbitt is tall and has brown hair. Nezbitt's business suit is black. In the virtual world, he takes the appearance of  Robotic Knight  and later  Perfect Machine King .
 
 Personality 
 Nezbitt is a misanthrope who believes in the inherent superiority of machines over humans. His fascination with machines is reflected in his deck and his choice of taking on the form of a  Machine -type monster in the Virtual world. He also tries to behave like a robot in his speech. He is also extremely brutal, as seen when he takes over the duel against Yugi and Joey, palming  Johnson  by the face and shoving him aside. Despite this, Nezbitt has shown courtesy such as deliberately taking the last move in his single duel and allowing Serenity two minutes to make her move or forfeit.
 
       Nezbitt about to shove Johnson     
       … said 'shove' in action.     
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the 4Kids version, Nezbitt often speaks in a monotone tone with a robotic like dialect. In his " Robotic Knight "/" Perfect Machine King " forms, he has a computerized voice. He tends to do machine puns on his speech.
 
 Biography 
 KaibaCorp 
 Nezbitt worked at  KaibaCorp , where he oversaw the military factories. Nezbitt, along with 4 other KaibaCorp employees, formed a group known as  the Big Five .
 Seto Kaiba , the adoptive son of the head of KaibaCorp,  Gozaburo Kaiba , convinces the Big Five that Gozaburo is mistreating them and he'll help restore them to their former power. The Big Five agree and thus buy 49% of KaibaCorp. Combined with 2% that Gozaburo had previously given to Seto for a test to prove his business skill, the Big Five vote out Gozaburo and vote in Seto as the president of the company. However Seto quickly backs out on their deal, stripping them of their power and leaving the Big Five little more than figureheads and consultants. Seto ordered Nezbitt to destroy his lab and had him build the  Duel Tower  in its place. Nezbitt vowed revenge for Kaiba forcing him to make games instead of weapons.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Furious over their betrayal, the Big Five strike a deal with the president of  Industrial Illusions ,  Maximillion Pegasus  in an attempt to overthrow Seto. If Pegasus defeats Seto and  Yugi Muto  in duels, then they will use their 49% to vote Pegasus into power of the company by kidnapping  Mokuba Kaiba , who has been entrusted with the security codes to the two percent the Big Five need.
 The Big Five later watches the duel between Yugi Moto and Maximillion Pegasus on the monitor. The Big Five and Pegasus' plan fails, after Pegasus is defeated by Yugi. In the manga, Nezbitt and the rest of the Big Five are fired by Seto and are never seen again.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
 In the anime, the Big Five avoid being fired, by making excuses and offering Seto his complete virtual reality game as a peace offering.
 Eager to try out the virtual reality game, Kaiba refrains from immediately firing them and enters the virtual world. The Big Five trap Kaiba in the virtual reality.
 However Kaiba is rescued by Mokuba, Yugi,  Joey , and  Mai Valentine . The Big Five reprogram the game and set the " Mythic Dragon " as the final boss. However it is defeated by Yugi and Kaiba's " Dragon Master Knight ".
 
 Virtual Realm 
 After losing in Legendary Heroes, the Big Five got trapped in the virtual world, instead of Kaiba. Here they meet up with  Noah Kaiba . Having Seto as a common enemy, they made plans for revenge.
 During the  Battle City  tournament, Noah has the KaibaCorp blimp sucked into an undersea fortress, where the virtual world's main servers are. They force Seto and Mokuba Kaiba, along with Yugi and his friends into the virtual world again. Using an altered set of  Duel Monsters  rules, involving  Deck Masters , the Big Five duel their enemies in the hopes of stealing their bodies to escape the virtual reality.
 
       Nezbitt as " Robotic Knight ".     
 Nezbitt took the form of " Robotic Knight " to Duel  Duke Devlin ,  Serenity Wheeler  and  Tristan Taylor . He initially planned on dueling them 1 at a time, starting with Serenity, but Duke and Tristan talked him into a three-on-one Duel. Since Tristan and Serenity had little knowledge of Dueling, Nezbitt was sure he'd win easily.
 With Nezbitt easily lowering Serenity's  Life Points , as she doesn't know how to play, Tristan worries and uses his Deck Master to protect Serenity from an attack from Nezbitt. This causes Tristan to lose and Nezbitt has him ejected from the arena.
 
         Nezbitt as " Perfect Machine King ".     
 Nezbitt plays his Deck Master, himself, onto the field and combines himself with his " Machine King " to form his new Deck Master " Perfect Machine King ". Due to " Clockwork Night ", his opponent's monsters were all  Machine - Type , therefore powering-up "Perfect Machine King". However Serenity manages to Summon " St. Joan " and she and Duke, with the help of Tristan's last card manage to raise the  ATK  of " St. Joan " equal to "Perfect Machine King's" ATK and defeat it, hence defeating Nezbitt. Since Nezbitt at least managed to beat Tristan, he steals his body, leaving Tristan's mind in the body of an " Acrobat Monkey ".
 
         Nezbitt in Tristan's body.     
 In this form, Nezbitt attacks Kaiba with a  Bokken , but is attacked by robot Tristan. He kidnaps Mokuba, for Noah, and escapes on a motorcycle. Before leaving to the real world, the other members of the Big Five protest that Nezbitt didn't rightfully win Tristan's body, so Noah allows the five of them to share it in order to Duel Yugi Muto. Should they win, they would all get their freedom.
 The Big Five face Yugi and Joey Wheeler, using Tristan's body. The 5, each switch control and Deck Master throughout the Duel. Nezbitt only takes full control for 1 turn, where he uses " Heavy Storm " to destroy Yugi's " Mirror Force ", unknowingly raising the ATK of " Des Volstgalph " in the process, he then attacks "Des Volstgalph" with "Machine King", only to have "Machine King" destroyed. Towards the end of the Duel, the Big Five uses " Dragon Revival Ritual " to combine their Deck Masters into the " Mythic Dragon " again. The dragon is destroyed by Yugi and Joey's " Mirage Knight ", but the Big 5 use " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to make " Berserk Dragon " their Deck Master. Ultimately, it is destroyed by " Dark Magician Knight ", costing them the Duel.
 Noah refused to give the Big Five any more chances after that. In the Japanese version, Noah deleted Nezbitt and the other members of the Big Five. In the dub, Noah imprisoned the Big Five in the different corners of the Virtual World til it was destroyed.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
 While Nezbitt was destroyed by Noah, he's seen accompanying "Gozaburo Kaiba" in  Alister 's flashback. Since it's later revealed that the man Alister saw was Dartz pretending to be Gozaburo, it's yet to be seen if Nezbitt was actually present or just another illusion.
 
 Deck 
 Anime 
 Nezbitt uses a  Machine  Deck  centering on " Machine King " and its evolved form " Perfect Machine King ". Nezbitt combines " Clockwork Night " with " Short Circuit ", transforming all enemy monsters into Machine- Types  and forcing them into Attack position, the transformation of the monsters to Machines further strengthening his "Machine King". Nezbitt also makes use of his  Deck Master , " Robotic Knight 's"  special ability   Final Artillery , which lets him discard his other Machine monsters to inflict 500  damage  to his opponent.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon [Notes 1] 
 Giga-Tech Wolf 
 Ground Attacker Bugroth [Notes 1] 
 Oni Tank T-34 [Notes 1] 
 Robotic Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier [Notes 1] 
 Gradius' Option [Notes 1] 
 Machine King Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Perfect Machine King [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card of Sanctity 
 Clockwork Night 
 Dimensionhole [Notes 3] 
 Recycling Plant 
 Short Circuit 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Riryoku Field 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 Steel Soul Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gradius  x3 
 Mechanicalchaser  x3 
 Robotic Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon 
 Blast Sphere  x2 
 Cannon Soldier 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress  x3 
 Gradius' Option  x2 
 Jinzo 
 Machine King  x2 
 Reflect Bounder 
 Sangan Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 7 Completed  x2 
 Autonomous Action Unit 
 Cyclon Laser 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Graceful Charity 
 Hammer Shot 
 Heavy Storm 
 Limiter Removal  x2 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 United We Stand 
 Upstart Goblin 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Mirror Force 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Tristan Taylor ,  Duke Devlin , and  Serenity Wheeler 
 106 - 107 
 Win (Tristan), Lose (Duke and Serenity)
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler 
 111 - 113 
 Lose (with  The Big Five ; through  Tristan Taylor )
 
 Trivia 
 In the Japanese version, when he attacks Kaiba in the virtual world whilst possessing Honda's/Tristan's body, he claims to be a five- Dan   kendo  master. 
 Out of all the members of the Big Five, prior to the 2-vs-1 Duel, Nezbitt was the only one to place his Deck Master (himself) onto the field, which would end up being a costly mistake. 
 Despite being seen the least in his Season 1 appearances, he has the biggest impact of all of the Big Five, as it is he who takes Tristan's body and captures Mokuba for Noah. He's also the most significant as he's the only one of The Big Five to succeed in stealing a body. 
 He is the only character to Duel against Tristan or Serenity. 
 Nezbitt is likely named after Sarah C. Nesbitt, who worked for  4Kids Entertainment  as a producer on  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . 
 He bares striking resemblance to  Name unknown , who also worked for Seto Kaiba at a time. 
 He's the only one who appears in Waking the Dragons. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   This card was  discarded  to  activate  his  Deck Master   ability  during  episode 106 . 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Fusion Monster . It is an  Effect Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  underneath " Recycling Plant " during  episode 107  in the dub. The card under "Recycling Plant" is not recognizable in the Japanese version. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Nezbit.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131204040814', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Nezbitt_about_to_shove_Johnson.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20180120041621', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/The_said_%27shove%27.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20180120041753', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Nezbitt.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070814221129', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Perfect_Machine_King_Nezbitt.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090828112812', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Tristan_Nezbitt.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090828113005']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters