Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Paradox_(Duel_Links)


 
 Paradox 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Paradox 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Andy Manjuck 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Atsushi Tamura 
 
 
 
 Paradox  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Paradox , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  film. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on April 21, 2022 during his event "Bonds Beyond Time: Paradox Appears". He officially becomes an unlockable character starting on August 29, 2022 during his Raid event "Bonds Beyond Time: Paradox vs. The Three Duelists".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 30 
 3.3   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Duel Rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yusei Fudo 
 7.1.2   Primo 
 7.1.3   Aporia 
 7.1.4   Antinomy 
 7.1.5   Yami Yugi 
 7.1.6   Yugi Muto (DM) 
 7.1.7   Jaden Yuki or Jaden/Yubel 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 One of the four Emperors of Iliaster - the remaining survivors of the apocalypse - Paradox travels through time to try and save the future by eliminating the creator of Duel Monsters - Pegasus. However, other legendary Duelists travel through time to battle against him in the Town of Domino. He stole the most powerful monsters from various eras and transformed them into Malefic monsters to create the most powerful deck in history.
 
 Gallery 
 Masked Profile Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Paradox Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon 
 Hero of the East 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Necrolancer the Time-lord  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Swordsman of Landstar 
 Unicycular 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Ouroboros 
 Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast 
 Junkuriboh 
 Proto-Cyber Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Different Dimension Capsule 
 Yami 
 Traps 
 Cloning 
 Reverse Trap 
 Time Machine 
 Triggered Summon 
 Level 30 
 
 I Will Eliminate you All! Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blackland Fire Dragon 
 Blocker 
 Koumori Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Divine Dragon Apocralyph  x2 
 Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast 
 Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x2 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Genex Controller Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Malefic World  x2 
 Traps 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Malefic Tune  x2 
 Reverse Trap 
 Time Machine 
 Level 40 
 
 Darkness from the Dimensional Fissure Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Hunter Dragon 
 Mechanicalchaser 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dimension Fortress Weapon 
 Dragard 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Genex Ally Crusher 
 Jack Wyvern 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Malefic Parallel Gear Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Malefic Selector 
 Malefic World  x3 
 Traps 
 Malefic Tune 
 Reverse Trap 
 Time Machine 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Paradox, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Megamorph "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fiendish Portrait "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon  (first event)
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Malefic Force "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Revenge Rally "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Loud Cloud the Storm Serpent "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Time Machine " (first event)
 
 
 R 
 
 " Cloning "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Different Dimension Capsule 
 
 
 R 
 
 " Tri-Horned Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Triggered Summon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Graverobber "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Night Flight "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Paradox)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Paradox)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Paradigm Dragon "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Inverse Universe "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Heavy Starter ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Cyber End Dragon "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Night Flight "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 World Full of Malice (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Paradigm Dragon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Inverse Universe "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Cyber End Dragon "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Paradox)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Night Flight "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Paradigm Dragon "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Inverse Universe "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Malefic Cyber End Dragon "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Malefic Dragons
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Malefic Truth Dragon", 1 "Malefic Parallel Gear", 1 "Malefic Stardust Dragon", and 1 "Malefic World" to your Deck, and 1 "Stardust Dragon" and 1 "Malefic Paradox Dragon" to your Extra Deck. During this Duel, "Malefic World" in your Field Zone will not be destroyed by your opponent's effect, but you can only Special Summon "Malefic" monsters.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 World Full of Malice
 
 Begin the Duel with "Malefic World" Set. If you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 5 "Malefic" cards with different names, begin the Duel with "Malefic World" activated.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Malefic Dragon's Power
 
 Your "Malefic Truth Dragon" gains ATK/DEF equal to half your Life Points. In addition, the following effect can be used once per Duel. Banish 1 "Malefic" monster from your Graveyard, and select 1 "Malefic Truth Dragon" you control. Until the end of your opponent's next turn, the next time that monster would be destroyed by a card effect, it is not destroyed.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Malefic Trade
 
 Return one of the following cards you control to the Deck/Extra Deck, and add 1 "Malefic" monster from your Deck to your hand.
 Dragon-Type Normal Monster (except Tokens) 
 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster 
 Machine-Type Fusion Monster 
 You cannot Special Summon any monsters other than "Malefic" monsters during the turn you activate this Skill. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Territory of Malice
 
 Return 1 "Malefic" card from your hand to the Deck, and add 1 "Malefic Territory" to your hand from outside of your Deck. Then, you can add 1 "Malefic World" to the bottom of your Deck from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains no monsters other than "Malefic" monsters and Dragon-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Blank Card
 
 Can only be used at the beginning of the Main Phase in your 2nd turn. Erase 1 random face-down Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in your opponent's Extra Deck, and add 1 card with the same name to your Extra Deck. At the beginning of the Main Phase in your next turn, erase the card added by this effect from your Extra Deck, and then add 1 card with the same name to your opponent's Extra Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Opposites
 
 Select 1 of your Level 7 or higher Dragon-Type monsters that is banished or in your Graveyard, and 1 card that has the same Level, ATK, and DEF and a different card name. Add 1 of them to your hand, and return the other to the bottom of your Deck/Extra Deck/ Then, return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per DUel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Compensation
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Send the card on the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, and recover 300 LP. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Paradox announces "Yusei! Your Stardust Dragon will be mine!" or "Uniting Satellite and the City was a huge mistake, Yusei!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Yusei! You said that humans can change the future! But there's nothing but despair for yours!" 
 Primo 
 When starting a Duel with  Primo , Paradox announces "I will show you everything I've learned!"
 When he loses the Duel, Paradox says "A defeat is simply another data point for my investigation." or "My method is simply one way to save the future." followed by "If you have another - do it." 
 Aporia 
 When starting a Duel with  Aporia , Paradox announces "Aporia, allow me to share the results of my studies!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "I've gathered all the data we need!" followed by "Let's use this knowledge to save the future!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "A defeat is simply another data point for my investigation." or "My method is simply one way to save the future." followed by "If you have another - do it." 
 Antinomy 
 When starting a Duel with  Antinomy , Paradox announces "Antinomy, all my research has led to this moment!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "I've gathered all the data we need!" followed by "Let's use this knowledge to save the future!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "A defeat is simply another data point for my investigation." or "My method is simply one way to save the future." followed by "If you have another - do it." 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Paradox announces "I am not afraid of you, Pharaoh!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "While your names may last throughout history... you will not." followed by "Hahaha... hahahahaha!" 
 Yugi Muto (DM) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DM) , Paradox announces "If it's not Yugi Muto, the King of Games himself!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "While your names may last throughout history... you will not." followed by "Hahaha... hahahahaha!" 
 Jaden Yuki or Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Paradox announces "If you can hear the spirits, they're saying your time is up!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "While your names may last throughout history... you will not." followed by "Hahaha... hahahahaha!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Truth Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Paradox briefly appears, and he announces "Clear the way for the almighty! Malefic Truth Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Malefic Truth Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Malefic Truth Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When activating the first effect of that monster, he says "I offer up my LP to Special Summon Malefic Truth Dragon!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, he says "Malefic Truth Dragon's effect activates! All your face-up monsters are destroyed!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Malefic Truth Dragon!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Paradigm Dragon ", a cut-in of Paradox briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Malefic Paradigm Dragon!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, he says "I give up a Malefic card to power Malefic Paradigm Dragon!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Malefic Paradigm Dragon attacks!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Paradox Dragon ", he chants " Witness how the darkness pulls together to create pure evil! " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Paradox briefly appears, and he announces "Malefic Paradox Dragon!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, he says "Malefic Paradox Dragon's effect activates! When it's Synchro Summoned, it revives a Synchro Monster!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Destroy them, Malefic Paradox Dragon!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Paradox Gear ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Malefic Paradox Gear!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Malefic Paradox Gear's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Malefic Paradox Gear, attack!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Parallel Gear ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "The Tuner Monster, Malefic Parallel Gear!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Malefic Parallel Gear attacks!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Stardust Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Rise up, Malefic Stardust Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says ""Go, Malefic Stardust Dragon!" followed by "Cosmic Flare!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Cyber End Dragon ", a cut-in of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go, Malefic Cyber End Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Malefic Cyber End Dragon! Super Strident Blaze!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Rainbow Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Malefic Rainbow Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Malefic Rainbow Dragon! Spectral Surge!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Join me, Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon! White Lightning!" 
 When Paradox summons " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Paradox's face briefly appears, and he announces "Feast your eyes on Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Take them down, Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon! Inferno Fire Blast!" 
 When Paradox summons " Stardust Dragon ", he announces "Go, Stardust Dragon!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, he says "Stardust Dragon's effect will negate and destroy that card! Victim's Sanctuary!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, he says "Stardust Dragon's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Stardust Dragon! Cosmic Flare!" 
 When Paradox summons " Cyber End Dragon ", he announces "Show yourself, Cyber End Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Cyber End Dragon! Super Strident Blaze!" 
 When Paradox summons " Rainbow Dragon ", he announces "Appear, Rainbow Dragon!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, he says "I activate Rainbow Dragon's effect! Rainbow Overdrive!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, he says "I activate Rainbow Dragon's effect! 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Rainbow Dragon attacks! Rainbow Refraction!" 
 When Paradox summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", he announces "Here comes Blue-Eyes White Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Attack, Blue-Eyes White Dragon! White Lightning!" 
 When Paradox summons " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", he announces "Go, Red-Eyes Black Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Paradox says "Red-Eyes Black Dragon attacks! Inferno Fire Blast!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic Divide " he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Malefic Divide!" followed by "I resurrect a Malefic monster until the end of this turn!" 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic Selector " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Malefic Selector!" followed by "I banish two Malefic cards to acquire two new Malefic cards!" 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic Territory " he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Malefic Territory!" 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic World " he announces "I activate my Field Spell! Welcome to Malefic World!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, he says "I activate Malefic World's effect!" followed by "Instead of drawing, I get a random Malefic card!" 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic Claw Stream " he announces "I activate my Trap, Malefic Claw Stream!" followed by "It destroys one of your monsters!" 
 When Paradox activates " Malefic Tune " he announces "I activate my Trap, Malefic Tune!" followed by "When a Malefic is destroyed, I draw two cards from my deck!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, he says "Malefic Tune's effect activates from my GY! I banish it to add a Malefic monster in my Deck to my hand!" 
 Trivia 
 Paradox is the first Roaming  Legendary Duelist  to have his event in several different  Duel Worlds  (the first being  5D's World , second being  GX World , and third being  DM World ).
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura do not count as to the event being  Bakura's  Unlock Event, although both of the following are from  DM World  and they appear in  DSOD World  quite frequently. 
 v e 
Paradox pages 
 Anime 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Paradox_DL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20220425220417', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Paradox_Masked_DL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220425220517', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Profile-DULI-Paradox.png/revision/latest?cb=20220823010951', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Icon-DULI-Paradox.png/revision/latest?cb=20220823010815', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Icon-DULI-Paradox2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220823010830', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/CutIn-DULI-Paradox.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220823011009', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/Summoning-DULI-Paradox.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220823011025', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Defeat-DULI-Paradox.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220823011038', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Aporia pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters