Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_Enforcers


 
 The Enforcers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 チームサティスファクション
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Chīmu Satisufakushon
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Team Satisfaction
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 The Enforcers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
   German : Die Beschützer 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 Founder
 
 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Kalin Kessler  (Leader) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Crow Hogan 
  Non-canon
 (Player- WC10)
 
 
 The Enforcers , known as  Team Satisfaction  (チームサティスファクション,  Chīmu Satisufakushon ) in the Japanese version and  The Protectors  (Die Beschützer) in the German version, was a group which existed in  Satellite . It was formed by  Kalin Kessler , who was the leader and also consisted of  Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan  and  Jack Atlas . They all wore brown vests with their outfits that they wear in the present day events of the storyline (except for Jack).
 Their Duel Disks are similar to the ones used during  Battle City . And currently all of the enforcers except Jack have a criminal mark.
 The gang was formed under Kalin's sense of unity which also helped their fellow companions live through Satellite's desperate situations and surroundings. Believing there is no way to get out of Satellite, the only thing they could do was set some sort of satisfaction to their living situation, that being pulling off something big within the city.
 Satellite  was divided into various zones ruled by dueling starved gangs. Eventually, the group was able to conquer those zones until all of the city was claimed by them. During the face-off with the final gang, one of them almost kills Yusei by pushing him off the roof, but Kalin saves him. 
 However after that the team quickly disbanded due to Kalin's questionable acts, as his personality soon began to change. 
 This is seen on that incident where Kalin forces a kid from a remaining duel gang to a duel. After he wins, Kalin inexplainably assaults him, but is stopped by Crow as he disagrees with this act and then Kalin punched him. Yusei and Jack broke them up, but Jack along with Crow left the team, leaving Yusei who chose back then to stay with Kalin. Thus Yusei was the only one left remaining for the time being, as sometime later  Sector Security  began to show up on Satellite and began arresting duelists.
 Because of this Kalin starts talking about causing an explosion in the Security building, to which Yusei not only disagrees completely with but because of this he then finally leaves. Still Kalin went with his schemely plan and blows up a part of the Security base, being happy about it no less. 
 Consequently to this event, he ends up being pursued by Security, but his former teammates no less came to his rescue. However in what was supposed to be The Enforcers' last duel, Kalin confronts a Security guard on a  Duel Runner  and ends up driving through a bunch of crates, severely injuring the guard. Before he could finish him off Yusei interfered and isolated him in a room. Yusei then decided to call himself the leader of The Enforcers in hopes they wouldn't arrest Kalin. But security found Kalin and arrest him for murdering a Security.  One of the Securities  "congratulates" Yusei on "helping" them arrest Kalin; Kalin then sees him trying to convince the Security to let Kalin go, and he mistakenly believes that Yusei had him arrested.
 
         The Enforcers at Crash Town     
 Kalin was presumed dead by Yusei, Jack and Crow until his reappearance as a  Dark Signer . He attempts to take revenge against Yusei, but was defeated and later revived after Goodwin's defeat. He was last seen in  Crash Town , where the team reunites to liberate it from  Lawton's  reign. Kalin remains behind to rebuild the town and care for  Nico  and  West  while the rest of the team returns to  New Domino City .
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 , during the final event of Kalin Kesler (Dark Signer), is revealed that the player was once a member of The Enforcers. 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Team_Satisfaction.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20081121131644', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Flag_of_Germany.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204214', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/The_Enforcers_at_Crash_Town.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20110829040126']
Categories: Teams