Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gansley


 
 Gansley 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Gansley 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Konosuke Oshita 
 
 
 Other   
 Big 1 
 
 
 Japanese   
 大下 幸之助 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Vice-president of business strategy 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Team 
 The Big Five 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Swarm/Control 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Deepsea Warrior 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Ocean Conqueror 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Eric Stuart  (Duelist Kingdom/Legendary Heroes) Marc Thompson  (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Nobuyuki Saitō (Legendary Heroes) Shintaro Sonooka (Virtual World) 
 
 
 German  
 Klaus Lochthove (Legendary Heroes) Roland Hemmo (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Carlos Kaniowski (Spain; Virtual World) Antonio Villar (Spain; Legendary Heroes) 
 
 
 
 Gansley , known as  Konosuke Oshita  in the Japanese version, is the former Vice-President of Business Strategy of  KaibaCorp  and the leader/founder of  the Big Five  where he is the oldest of the group.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   KaibaCorp 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Legendary Heroes 
 2.4   Virtual Realm 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Anime 
 3.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Gansley is a fair skinned old man with gray hair, who is partially bald likely his hair fell out due to old age. He is short, fat and carries a cane. He wears a double-breasted tan suit. In the Virtual World, he takes the appearance of  Deepsea Warrior . He bears some resemblance to the historical figure of Ciceron, this may or not may be intentional.
 
 Personality 
 Gansley is obsessed with business and as such refers to his monsters as employees. He often flaunts his knowledge of business and believes that his alleged prior business experience gives him an advantage when it comes to Dueling though this smugness is in all virtual world arc villains. He is shown to have been unethical in his business career, often firing employees as he pleased. In the dub, he gives  Yugi Muto  business advice, claiming his own career as a business tycoon started as a child, where he stole a lemonade stand from a neighbor, and through his alleged business acumen, he soon expanded that stand into the largest distributor of frozen canned lemonade in his region. 
 In the Japanese version, he quotes various warlords and philosophers on how to build a successful army.
 In the Japanese version, Gansley knows of  Yami Yugi 's existence and refers to Yugi as Type-A and Yami Yugi as Type-B Yugi. In the dub, Gansley shows no knowledge of Yami Yugi.
 Gansley also enjoys making people suffer. This is shown when he had the chance of defeating Yami Yugi, but chose to "draw it out as long as possible." Gansley's choice of prolonging his victory ended in his own defeat.
 
 Voice/mannerisms 
 In the dub, Gansley speaks with a somewhat hoarse voice. In the Duelist Kingdom arc, his voice is low. In the Virtual Realm arc, his voice deepens and is louder. In the Japanese version, he quotes famous warlords and philosophers while in the dub he recites various business strategies that he claims  to have utilized throughout his career and makes some business puns. 
 
 Biography 
 KaibaCorp 
 As stated above, by his own account, Gansley's career as a business tycoon started as a child, long before he worked for Gozaburo and became vice-president of business strategy at  KaibaCorp . Gansley, along with 4 younger KaibaCorp employees formed his group known as  the Big Five . 
 Seto Kaiba , the adoptive son of the head of KaibaCorp,  Gozaburo Kaiba , convinced the Big Five that Gozaburo was mistreating them and that Seto would help restore them to their former power. The Big Five agreed and thus bought 49% of KaibaCorp. Combined with 2% that Gozaburo had previously given to Seto for a test to prove his business skill, the Big Five voted out Gozaburo and voted in Seto as the president of the company.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 However Seto quickly backed out on their deal, left them of their power and leaving the Big Five little more than figureheads and consultants. Furious over their betrayal, the Big Five struck a deal with the president of  Industrial Illusions ,  Maximillion Pegasus  in an attempt to overthrow Seto. If Pegasus defeated Seto and  Yugi Muto  in Duels, then they will use their 49% to vote Pegasus into power of the company by kidnapping  Mokuba Kaiba , who had been entrusted with the security codes to the two percent the Big Five needed.
 The Big Five and Pegasus' plan failed, after Pegasus was defeated by Yugi. In the manga, Gansley and the Big Five were fired by Seto and were never seen again.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
       Gansley in  Legendary Heroes  arc.     
 In the anime, the Big Five avoided being fired by making excuses and offering Seto his complete virtual reality game as a peace offering. Eager to try out the virtual reality game, Kaiba refrained from immediately firing them and entered the virtual world. The Big Five then trapped Kaiba in the virtual reality.
 However Kaiba was rescued by Mokuba, Yugi,  Joey  and  Mai Valentine . The Big Five reprogrammed the game and set the " Mythic Dragon " as the final boss. However, it was defeated by Yugi and Kaiba's " Dragon Master Knight ".
 
 Virtual Realm 
 After losing in Legendary Heroes, the Big Five got trapped in the virtual world instead of Kaiba. Here they met up with  Noah Kaiba . Having Seto as a common enemy, they made plans for revenge.
 During the  Battle City  tournament, Noah had the KaibaCorp blimp sucked into an undersea fortress, where the virtual world's main servers are. They forced Seto and Mokuba Kaiba, along with Yugi and his friends into the virtual world again. Using an altered set of  Duel Monsters  rules involving  Deck Masters , the Big Five Dueled their enemies in the hopes of stealing their bodies to escape the virtual reality.
 
       Gansley as " Deepsea Warrior ".     
 Gansley took the form of " Deepsea Warrior ", which he used as his Deck Master. Noah Sent him to Duel Yami Yugi and Gansley claimed to have perfected a strategy to defeat him. As Yami Yugi constructed a Deck, Gansley misinterpreted Yami Yugi saying " Kuriboh ", as him choosing "Kuriboh" as his Deck Master. He refused to let the Pharaoh change his Deck Master after that. Exploiting his Deck Master's ability to deflect attacks back at Yami Yugi, Gansley managed to get the upper hand against Yami Yugi and was about to win, but Yugi took control and used "Kuriboh's" Deck Master effect to save them. Yami then used "Kuriboh", combined with " Rainbow Blessing ", allowing him to bypass Gansley's monsters and special ability to directly attack him with " Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight ", defeating him.
 Gansley, along with  Crump ,  Johnson  and  Leichter , having failed to win their targets' bodies, went behind Noah's back and attempted to steal the bodies. They chased down  Duke Devlin ,  Serenity Wheeler  and Joey. As they argue over who gets which bodies, Noah makes contact and told them off. Since  Nezbitt  didn't rightfully take  Tristan Taylor 's body, Noah allowed the Big Five to share Tristan's body in order to Duel Yugi. Should they win, they would get their freedom.
 The Big Five faced Yugi and Joey, using Tristan's body. The 5 each switched control and Deck Master throughout the Duel. Gansley only took full control for 1 turn. Towards the end of the Duel, the Big Five used " Dragon Revival Ritual " to combine their Deck Masters into the " Mythic Dragon " again. The dragon was destroyed by Yugi and Joey's " Mirage Knight ", but the Big 5 used " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to make " Berserk Dragon " their Deck Master. Ultimately, it was destroyed by " Dark Magician Knight ", costing them the Duel.
 Noah refused to give the Big Five any more chances. In the original version, Noah deleted Gansley along with the other Big Five members. In the dub, Noah imprisoned the Big Five in the different corners of the Virtual World, which were destroyed when the Virtual World was destroyed. Gansley's fate is unknown. He later appeared in a flashback. 
 
 Decks 
 Anime 
 Gansley uses a  Swarm/Control Deck  that relies on  Summoning  many monsters to use the  ability  of his  Deck Master  " Deepsea Warrior ", called " Reflector Hole ", which  negates  an opposing  attack  and inflicts  damage  to the opponent equal to the attacking monster's  ATK  at a cost of two  Tributes . Gansley further uses control cards to limit his opponent's options, either depleting their  hand  or limiting the number of monsters they can maintain on the  field .
 
 
 Anime Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Melchid the Four-Face Beast 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ashingray  x3 [Notes 1] 
 Deepsea Warrior 
 Ipiria 
 Rainbow Snake Eingana 
 Ruklamba the Spirit King  x3 
 Wall of Illusion 
 Yowie Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Offerings to the Doomed 
 Premature Burial 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 Ocean Conqueror Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Amphibian Beast  x2 
 Giant Red Seasnake  x2 
 Melchid the Four-Face Beast 
 Effect Monsters 
 Abyss Soldier  x2 
 Granadora 
 Mother Grizzly  x3 
 Penguin Soldier 
 Revival Jam  x2 
 Sangan 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Suijin  x2 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 Tribe-Infecting Virus 
 Wall of Illusion  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Legendary Ocean  x3 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Graceful Charity 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Offerings to the Doomed 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Salvage  x2 
 Steel Shell 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Solemn Wishes 
 Tornado Wall  x2 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 99 - 101 
 Lose
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler 
 111 - 113 
 Lose (with  The Big Five ; through  Tristan Taylor )
 
 Trivia 
 Gansley is likely named after John Gansley, Vice President of Human Resources for  4Kids Entertainment  at the time. 
 Unlike the other four, Gansley is not shown disintegrating when he is defeated by Yami Yugi in the dub. 
 He is the only member of the Big Five whose Duel takes up three episodes instead of two, despite the fact that, with ten rounds, his Duel is actually the shortest. This can be attributed to other characters receiving more focus in their respective episodes.
 He is also the only villain of the virtual world arc to not express interest in taking a female form nor endangering females; Crump tried to take over Téa's (and later Serenity's) body, Johnson disguises himself as Mai when he introduces himself to Joey, Nezbitt specifically intended to do the same to Serenity over Tristan and Duke, Leichter, while not explicitly trying to steal Serenity's body, seemed to give her and Joey equal consideration before getting into an argument with Crump and Noah and Gozaburo endangered all females in the virtual world arc. 
 Along with Johnson, Gansley is featured the most in Season 1. They're also the only members of the Big 5 who's reasons for hating Kaiba are never mentioned; Crump's penguin theme park was turned down, Nesbitt's lab was replaced with the Duel Tower and Lector had his title of heir to Kaibacorp president taken and was reduced to figurehead of the company. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The third copy can be seen in his  hand  during  episode 101  before he Summons " Melchid the Four-Face Beast ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/Gansley.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131204040342', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Big5LH.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130922120956', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/Gansley.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070814220603']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters