Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:10join.jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Atticus Rhodes (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Atticus Rhodes 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Fubuki Tenjoin 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Magician of Love [1] [2] Blizzard Prince [3] [2] Bucky/Bro-bro [4] Master (by  Manjome ) Fubu-king/Rhodie/King Atticus (manga only) Attie/Atty (dub only; by  Alexis , as a child) [5] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 天上院   吹雪 天上院 吹雪 てんじょういん ふぶき Rōmaji: ( Tenjōin Fubuki ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 콘라드 디어러브 
 
 
 Arabic   
 أتيكوس رودز 
 
 
 French   
 Isidore Rhodes 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Alexis Rhodes  (younger sister) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous organization 
 Shadow Riders 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Did not place     
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Sphere 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Magnificent Stage Deck (華麗なるステージデッキ  Kareinaru Sutējidekki ) [6] Red-Eyes  (controlled by  Nightshroud ) 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2008 
 Heaven Above 
 
 
 Tag Force 
 Handsome Prince Dance Partner Escort Prince Prince's Smile Blizzard Prince Masked Darkness Dragon (as  Nightshroud ) 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 We All Love Atticus Fun with Atticus 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 24: " Alexis vs. David!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 5: " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Jason Griffith 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kouji Yusa 
 
 
 Italian  
 Claudio Moneta 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Ricardo Escobar  (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes , known in the Japanese anime as  Fubuki Tenjoin  ( 天 上 院   吹 雪 ,  Tenjōin Fubuki ), is the missing brother of  Alexis Rhodes , who mysteriously disappeared into the old abandoned  Obelisk Blue  dormitory of  Duel Academy .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.3   Personality 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Seven Stars 
 2.3   Society of Light 
 2.4   Dimension World 
 2.5   Darkness 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Dragon 
 4.2   Magnificent Stage 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 8   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Atticus' design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in full  Nightshroud  regalia from front and rear alongside views of his head and mask from different angles.     
 Atticus' character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of the standard white-coated  Obelisk Blue  uniform, flowing out the costume's lower back. He will sometimes show up in casual beach wear and he wore a purple suit while Dueling  his sister . On occasion, Atticus has willingly worn the clothes that he wore while possessed by Nightshroud on occasions where the dark spirit has re-possessed him. His dark brown hair is arranged sporadically in a fashion similar to that of his sister, with a large portion trailing the upper part of the nape of his neck. He carries an  Academy - issued   Duel Disk  on his left hand.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the English dub, Atticus distributes and subtracts "stars" from others based on their actions as a means of expressing his mood at any given time, while his original series counterpart instead gives out "munekyun points" (which roughly translates to "heart-moving points").
 In the Japanese version, he uses the personal pronoun "boku" while his  Nightshroud  persona uses "watashi".
 
 Personality 
 Unlike  Alexis , Atticus is cheerful and energetic but can be serious and strong-willed at certain situations; while under the influence of  Nightshroud  he is cold and ruthless.
 
 Etymology 
 His original given name means "blizzard" in Japanese, from which he derives his self-appointed title, "Blizzard Prince" in the original version of the series. He writes his signature as "Fubuki 10 Join." His name in the dub is derived from Roman orator and noble  Titus Pomponius Atticus  who was famous for his impartiality in political issues.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Atticus was close friends with  Zane Truesdale  and  Yusuke Fujiwara . Atticus found Yusuke attempting to conjure up  Nightshroud  in the Dueling ring underneath the Abandoned Dorm, hoping to gain ultimate power and immortality by becoming its host. Atticus witnessed the ritual, and Fujiwara gifted him with the  Nightshroud mask  as a parting gift, stating he didn't need it anymore.
 Later, Atticus and a few of his fellow Obelisk Blue students were under the impression that they would be attending a Duel exam in the  Abandoned Dorm , courtesy of  Banner . However he and the others were being lured into a trap (in the English version, they visit the  Shadow Realm ). When he became one of the lost students, Atticus was forced to give into Nightshroud's influence in order to survive.
 
         Atticus while under the control of  Nightshroud , alongside " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon ".     
           The Nightshroud  mask card , in which Nightshroud's soul was sealed after losing to  Jaden .     
 It was never revealed how many other students disappeared along with Atticus. He is forced to Duel  Gravekeeper's Chief  and only survives by using the power of  Nightshroud 's mask. For his victory, Atticus receives one-half of a  Shadow Charm  pendant. Then the leader of the Shadow Riders,  Kagemaru , recruits  Nightshroud  as one of his Shadow Riders.
 
 Seven Stars 
 In his Duel with  Jaden Yuki , Nightshroud takes Jaden's friends prisoner and forces him to take part in a  Shadow Duel  where the loser would have his soul sealed in a card. Jaden prevailed and Atticus is released from the dark power that controlled him. Placed in the medical ward, Atticus offered help by giving Jaden his half of the  Shadow Charm  pendant (Jaden had received the other half himself after being tested in a similar manner). This act was the key to Jaden's victory in his Duel with  Camula . He eventually came to  his sister 's aid during her Duel with  Titan , giving her the strength to win.
 Atticus promptly reverts to his old self after the Shadow Rider fiasco. Frequently showing up dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and strumming a ukulele, he is incredibly optimistic most of the time, but is seen as an idiot of sorts by his sister. He is also an accomplished surfer, and is popular among the female students, a fact which leads  Chazz Princeton  to seek his advice on love-related topics. Atticus' antics are a constant source of irritation for Alexis, as he tries without end to set her up with Duelists or get her to go into show business with him in a band called "Bro-Bro and Sissy" (in the original version of the series, he instead urges her to join him under the stage name, "Asuryn," whilst he recruits more followers for his "Bucky" fanclub to rival  Kaiser 's) and even takes embarrassing photos of Alexis during the costume Duel in  episode 42 . He later watches the final Duel of the year between Jaden and Zane. He teased Alexis saying that she should cheer for Zane and not Jaden who he thinks is her boyfriend. His sister tells him to shut up.
 
 Society of Light 
 Because Atticus was absent during the previous term, he repeats the studies of his second year alongside his sister during the second season. He duels Alexis in order to have her join him in being a rock band although he loses in the end. He is among the few  Obelisk Blue  students who do not come under the influence of the  Society of Light . After Alexis loses to Chazz and becomes a member of the society he gets worried for her.
 Following  Zane 's "rebirth," Atticus Duels him using " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " and again comes under the influence of Nighsthroud during the  Genex Tournament . However, Zane defeats him and  Nightshroud 's lingering powers are dispersed again. Zane informs him that there is no darkness in his heart, and that he merely wishes to achieve victory through force.
 
           Atticus in his Duel with  Alexis , wearing his stage costume.     
 When Alexis is stripped of her free will in  episode 93 , Atticus gives Jaden a family card, " Swing of Memories ", that meant a lot to Alexis when she was younger but it fails to have any effect on  Sartorius ' control over her. Thankfully she returns to normal after Jaden beats her.
 
 Dimension World 
 In the third season, Atticus was not seen during the first half when  Duel Academy  is sent to an  alternate dimension  by  Yubel . He does however accompany  Jaden  and the rest of his group through the next dimension. This is also the time in which he confirmed that he had not previously been sent to the previous alternate dimension with the others. He is later sacrificed alongside  Alexis ,  Chazz  and  Hassleberry  by  Brron, Mad King of Dark World . He is later discovered to be alive, and held prisoner with everyone else who died in the Duel Spirit world in an alternate dimension by  Yubel . He was then brought back home after Jaden fused his soul with Yubel's.
 
 Darkness 
 Atticus has a flashback, and even though he is not fit for it, he willingly Duels Jaden using " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " in an effort to remember what happened. Jaden defeats him and succeeds in restoring his memory.
 As  Nightshroud  and  Trueman  attack  Duel Academy , Atticus,  Alexis ,  Mindy ,  Jasmine , and  Chazz  are the last students standing. Eventually, the others are all defeated, causing Atticus to forget about all his friends one by one and wander aimlessly through the halls. All the  Truemans  in the hall do not try to send him into the  World of Darkness , probably because he has Nightshroud's mask card. Using  the mask card , he is able to see his friends' experiences in the World of Darkness and then directly challenges Nightshroud himself outside Duel Academy. Nightshroud's host is  Yusuke Fujiwara , who ultimately defeats him, and though Atticus is able to resist him, his mind is trapped in a scenario where he believed that he would end the Duel in a  DRAW . In reality, Nightshroud's " Clear Vice Dragon " had an effect to protect itself that caused Atticus to lose the Duel and be absorbed into the World of Darkness. He is revived when Jaden defeats Nightshroud and attends his graduation ceremony. He, on behalf of everyone at the graduation party, forgives Yusuke for his misdeeds.
 
 Other appearances 
 Atticus Rhodes (manga) 
 Decks 
 Dragon 
 Atticus uses a  Dragon  Deck  focused around his " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " and other " Red-Eyes "  monsters , using methods to easily  Summon  it such as " Red-Eyes B. Chick " and a combination of " Troop Dragon " and " Call of the Haunted " to quickly gather monsters to  Tribute . He also uses cards like " Red-Eyes Wyvern " and " Swing of Memories " to  Special Summon  it from the  Graveyard  if it is  destroyed , which he later Tributes for his " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon ". Atticus also uses cards such as " Red-Eyes Burn " and " Inferno Fire Blast " to inflict large amounts of damage. As his monsters are focused on punishing the opponent through attacking, he uses " Mirage Dragon " and " Mystical Space Typhoon " to disrupt the opponent's strategies. Atticus later removes his "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" and " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " from his Deck, making "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" the focal point, even calling it his "partner". This allowed Atticus to use the Deck without repercussions of being possessed by  Nightshroud .
 
 
 Dragon Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hunter Dragon 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Attachment Dragon 
 Cave Dragon [Notes 1] 
 Mirage Dragon 
 Red-Eyes B. Chick 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Wyvern 
 Spear Dragon 
 Troop Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon [Notes 2] 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Dragon's Gunfire 
 Dragon Heart 
 Inferno Fire Blast 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Super Rejuvenation 
 Swing of Memories 
 Traps 
 Burst Breath 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Metal Plus 
 Negate Attack 
 Offensive Guard 
 Red-Eyes Burn 
 Red-Eyes Spirit 
 Magnificent Stage 
 This Deck revolves around various strategies involving  Beast-Warriors . He gains a continuous advantage with " Spotlight ", powering up his " Panther Warrior ", and supporting it further with cards such as " Path to Destiny " and " Stray Lambs ". His  signature card , " Ultimate Stage Costume ", also provides his monsters with an extreme augmentation in terms of strength, but cannot be used for offensive purposes.
 
 
 Magnificent Stage Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Bronze Warrior 
 Indomitable Fighter Lei Lei 
 Panther Warrior 
 Pitch-Black Warwolf [Notes 3] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Path to Destiny 
 Spotlight 
 Stray Lambs 
 Ultimate Stage Costume 
 Traps 
 Cursed Ring 
 Miracle Moment 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 93 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Lyman Banner 
 41  (mentioned) 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 28  (mentioned) 
 Win (possessed  by  Nightshroud ; off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 29 - 30 
 Lose (possessed by  Nightshroud )
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 60 
 Lose
 
 
 Zane Truesdale 
 89 
 Lose (Duel taken over by  Nightshroud )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 159 
 Lose (possessed by  Nightshroud )
 
 
 Various  Obelisk Blue  students 
 168 
 Not shown
 
 
 10  Duel Academy  students 
 171 
 Not shown
 
 
 Yusuke Fujiwara / Nightshroud 
 173 - 174 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 47: " Chazz-anova " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 64: " Camaraderie Contest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 48: " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 60: " Pop Goes the Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 41: " A Reason to Win " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 6, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  discarded  to  activate  the effect of " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " in  episode 159 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  sent  from the top of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  via the effect of " Clear Phantom " in  episode 173 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 60 . 
 
 
 Trivia 
 All of his wins were mentioned or shown in flashbacks. 
 v e 
 Atticus Rhodes  (Fubuki Tenjoin) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminal 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Masked) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/10join.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130514075155', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Darkness_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070610125919', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/FubukiDarknessGX29.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101130032558', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Nightshroud-JP-Anime-GX.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110912030138', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Jo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111213182842', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/AtticusMangaCover.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/171?cb=20180205205025', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Atticus Rhodes pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters