Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Ally_of_Justice_Nullfier


 Ally of Justice Nullfier 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In  episode 106 , one of the  Diablo  Duelbots uses this card during the  Battle Royale  that was around  Neo Domino City . After this card was summoned, another Diablo Duelbot summons " Ally of Justice Garadholg ". The first Diablo Duelbot then activates " Release & Reverse " to Tribute this card and take damage equal to this card's ATK as well as Special Summon this card to the second Diablo Duelbot's side of the field. Both this card and "Garadholg" then attack the  Team White Tiger  Duelist directly, but the Team White Tiger Duelist activates " Negate Attack " to negate the attack and end the Battle Phase, however the first Diablo Duelbot then activates " Solemn Judgment " to negate "Negate Attack" and destroy it. The direct attacks continue and deplete the remainder of the Team White Tiger Duelist's Life Points. The remaining Duelbots then defeat the  Team Lightning  Duelist. Later another Diablo Duelbot is shown using this card while Dueling a  Team White Wind  member. This card attacks the Team White Wind member directly, but Yusei discards " Swift Scarecrow " to negate the attack and end the Battle Phase. The Team White Wind member then drops out as per Yusei's request to her. After Yusei  Synchro Summons  " Stardust Dragon ", Yusei uses "Stardust Dragon" to attack and destroy this card, defeating one Diablo Duelbot. Yusei,  Sherry LeBlanc , and  Elsworth  then defeat the other Ghosts that were in the area they are currently in. 
 This monster appears behind several  Duelbots  in  BELIEVE IN NEXUS  along with " Ally of Justice Garadholg ", " Ally of Justice Clausolas ", and " Ally Salvo ". 
 Video Games 
 Ally of Justice Garadholg  and  Globe  use this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances