Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_204


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 204 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 死闘！ マハードｖｓバクラ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shitō! Mahādo Vāsasu Bakura 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Battle to the Death! Mahado vs. Bakura 
 
 
 English 
 Makings of a Magician 
 
 
 Number 
 204 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 12, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 19, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Intruder - Part 2 " 
 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Thief King Bakura vs. Mahad 
 1.2   The Pharaoh Senses Something 
 1.3   The Birth of "Dark Magician"!!! 
 
 
 2   Trivia 
 3   Featured monsters 
 
 
 Summary 
 Thief King Bakura vs. Mahad 
 As their servants wage battle outside the tomb,  Bandit King Bakura  and  Mahad  get ready to Duel inside. As they're about to commence, instead of saying " Duel! " they say " Dia Ha! " (in Japanese, it has the same meaning as "Duel" but is more suited for the setting of Ancient Egypt).
 Bakura Summons his  " Diabound " , only this time his appearance is different! Bakura reveals that as the hatred within him grows, his Demoniac Beast continues to evolve. 
 Mahad Summons  " Illusion Magician " , which has also evolved. It now much more closely resembles " Dark Magician ". 
 Bakura's " Diabound " strikes with  Wave of Multiple Fangs . Mahad's Magician dodges it and counter-attacks with a direct hit on Diabound. Mahad then transfers part of his magic to his monster to make " Illusion Magician " even stronger. It strikes Diabound again but it still stands. 
 Meanwhile at the palace, the  Pharaoh  awakens from his sleep and has a bad feeling about something. From his balcony, he can see  Mahad 's Wedge Shrine flashing, deducing he is involved in a battle. 
 Mahad Summons  " Shadow Ghoul "  and uses its  Dissimulation in Walls  to attack Bakura's " Diabound " three times, including an attack by his " Illusion Magician ". On the third strike however Diabound dodges the attack and then destroys " Shadow Ghoul ".
 Since he transferred his power to his monsters, part of  Mahad 's life energy is lost in the destruction of "Shadow Ghoul". 
 " Illusion Magician " attacks " Diabound ", seemingly destroying it.
 However, " Diabound " has the ability to absorb the power of the monsters it destroys. By destroying Mahad's " Shadow Ghoul ", it acquired its  Dissimulation in Walls  ability: it creeps up behind Mahad and attacks " Illusion Magician ". Mahad loses some more of his life energy. 
 The Pharaoh Senses Something 
 Meanwhile, the  Pharaoh  has traveled to  Mahad 's Tablet Shrine and found  Mana , who also sensed something was happening to her master. They notice the Sealing Tablet of "Illusion Magician" is slowly beginning to crumble, meaning  Mahad 's monster is losing its energy. 
 Meanwhile in the present,  Yugi  and his friends are still stuck inside the  Millennium Puzzle , but they finally stumble on a door who could have some meaning.
 As they open it, they see the shape of  Bakura Ryou , but it turns out it's actually "evil"  Yami Bakura  who then turns into a fire-spewing monster and knocks them out of the room. As they return to the room, Bakura and the monster are gone.  Shadi  warns that it meant to represent the identity of the Pharaoh's true enemy. 
 Meanwhile, Bakura's " Diabound " is progressively weakening Mahad's "Illusion Magician". However not paying attention,  Thief King Bakura  steps into a bear trap concealed by Mahad's magic.
 Mahad activates another trap, a pendulum axe, to put an end to Bakura once and for all. However he leans out of the way and the pendulum cuts him from from the bear trap. Several other pendulums are activated inside the battle arena.
 Bakura jumps on the first pendulum and alters its swinging path, knocking into another pendulum and causing it to swing towards Mahad, almost slicing him away. 
 Meanwhile, the  Pharaoh  and  Mana  have arrived at the Magicians' Training Grounds.
 Mana  calls upon the help of the other  priests  at the Pharaoh's suggestion, sending her pet falcon to warn the others with a message (NOTE: in the English dub, the falcon's name is "Anzu", perhaps as an homage to  Téa 's Japanese name; in the original anime, the falcon has no name). 
 The Birth of "Dark Magician"!!! 
 Back inside the Sanctuary, Bakura's " Diabound " activates its  Dissimulation in Walls  Special Ability again and moves in for the kill. Diabound repeatedly uses  Spiral Surge  on " Illusion Magician " and saps  Mahad  of his remaining life energies.
 Feeling close to defeat,  Mahad  transfers his spirit into his monster. As Mahad's is struck down by one of the swinging pendulum axes, the  Millennium Ring  is finally in Bakura's possession, but Mahad has now created the final form we all know of...  " Dark Magician " !
 " Dark Magician " uses  Magic Shock Wave  to destroy " Diabound " and collapse the stone bridge, plunging him into the depths of the chasm. 
 After winning the Duel, " Dark Magician " (A.K.A. Mahad) is sealed inside the Sealing Tablet. ("Pharaoh! My soul shall be thy eternal servant!") 
 Meanwhile in the present,  Yugi  & his friends have maybe finally found a way to transcend to the Pharaoh's plane of existence. They hold hands and concentrate, listening to the Pharaoh's call. It seems to be working and a very bright light opens up around them. 
 Trivia 
 This episode providing the origin for "Dark Magician" mirrors the next episode doing the same for "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". 
 The place Mahad and Bakura fight at is a magician's training ground in the Dub, rather than the old tomb Bakura had broken into. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Bandit King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 
 Mahad Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Illusion Magician 
 Shadow Ghoul 
 
 Tablet Shrine Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Illusion Magician 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Yugioh204.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071017220206']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes