Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Naoki_Shima


 
 Naoki Shima 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Lonely Brave Brave Max 
 
 
 Japanese   
 島   直 樹 島 直樹 しま なおき Rōmaji: ( Shima Naoki ) 
 
 
 Italian   
 Naoki Shima 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 16 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Den City High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 1: " Link into the VRAINS " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Chiharu Sawashiro 
 
 
 
 Naoki Shima  ( 島   直 樹 ,  Shima Naoki ) is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. He  is  Yusaku 's classmate. When Dueling in LINK VRAINS, he is known as  Brave Battler  in the English dub, and  Lonely Brave  (ロンリーブレイブ,  Ronrī Bureibu ) and subsequently  Brave Max  (ブレイブマックス,  Bureibu Makkusu ) in the Japanese version.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Season one 
 2.2   Season two 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Personality 
 He loves Dueling, but is not too confident about his skills and had never Dueled in  LINK VRAINS , however he eventually overcomes this fear. He is also a fan of  Playmaker . He's enthusiastic, passionate, and tries to be friendly with Yusaku. During his observations, Yusaku pointed out that Naoki cannot stand being alone.
 Naoki is quick to judge others, as he made fun of Yusaku's deck and guessed he and  Theodore  weren't that good at dueling based solely on their Duel Disk models. He also overestimates his own abilities, when he lacks Dueling knowledge, such as thinking "return to hand" effects don't work on Link Monsters since they are summoned from the Extra Deck. 
 Naoki is a fan of LINK VRAINS, often watching the live feeds at Den City Plaza or on his tablet. He often watches LINK VRAINS in school, even in the middle of class, doing so as a form of procrastination. 
 Even though he has only met Playmaker once, Naoki believes himself to be his best friend and soulmate. He constantly brags about this to anyone, which can get him into trouble. Others are quick to realize this isn't true and he's just a fanboy. 
 In the dub, he has a habit of saying that something is "so flash" when he thinks something is cool or exciting. 
 
 Biography 
 Season one 
 Naoki noticed  Yusaku  asleep after class had already ended and introduced himself, noting that Yusaku has no friends. He was upset that Yusaku didn't remember him, as they had been classmates for over a month. Naoki tried to befriend Yusaku and showed off his new Duel Disk, only for Yusaku to criticize Naoki's lack of Dueling talent, but also pointed out that Naoki had good intentions. Naoki got upset at Yusaku's remarks and stormed off, telling him to Duel by himself. Later he went to watch Duels at  LINK VRAINS  and was scared when the  Knights of Hanoi  attacked, and was surprised when "Playmaker" appeared. [1]  He then watch the Duel between Playmaker and the Knights of Hanoi with  Kolter  and was happy that Playmaker won. [2]  Sometime later at class, he asked Yusaku if he has seen Playmaker in action before much in which he told no and he was later surprised to see a Knight appearing in Link VRAINS promoting Yusaku to skip class. [3] 
 Naoki later caught up to Yusaku and assumed he wanted to join the  Duel Club . He was then scolded by the club president  Hosoda  for making so much noise after Yusaku joined another member  Sato  showed his  Duel Disk  in which Yusaku pretended to be interested after  Skye  remarked he knows everything. Yusaku then told that Naoki was the one who bragged about it earlier which promote him to tell about how  Akira Zaizen  had given them all the new Duel Disks, and Skye shot him a stern glare and after Skye saw Yusaku's Deck and was about to hand it to him, but Naoki then snatch the deck from her and laughed how lame it is. Hosoda then scolded him for insulting his Deck and he grimily handed it to Yusaku. The next day at class, he was annoyed that Yusaku was absent and then turned his notepad on and watch the Duel between Blue Angel and Playmaker. He got excited for the Duel and a teacher then told him to be quiet and he apologize to her. [4]  When he saw Blue Angel summon " Dark Angel ", Naoki got scared and screamed, causing the teacher to scold him and as the lesson was going on. [5] 
 Several days later, Yusaku looked for Skye at school. Naoki informed him that Skye had not turned up for several days. [6] 
 Naoki was the first to inform Yusaku of the  The Deleted  phenomenon. He then watched the duel between  The Gore  and  Dr. Genome .   [7]  The next day, Naoki witnessed Hosoda disband the Duel Club for good, and protested in response. He stayed in the Duel Club room to watch LINK VRAINS.  [8] 
 The following day in school, after a lecture, Naoki asked if Yusaku was willing to fight with him in LINK VRAINS. Yusaku simply responded that Naoki was not good enough, causing Naoki to flee out of the lecture hall into the Duel Club room. His Duel Disk suddenly received the " Cyberse Wizard " card. Naoki believed Playmaker had entrusted him with the card, and decided to log into LINK VRAINS with his Brave Battler avatar. He told a  Knight of Hanoi  that he was Playmaker's friend, and showed off "Cyberse Wizard" to prove it. The Knight engaged Brave Battler in a duel, and lost to him after Brave Battler used "Cyberse Wizard" in said duel. He lapped up admiration from duelists that the Knight had defeated, and logged out. The next day after school, Naoki was approached by a stranger, knocked out and taken hostage.  Kolter  and Yusaku saw Brave Battler, which they knew was Naoki, being cornered by  Faust  of the Knights of Hanoi.  [9] 
 Having found Naoki's real-world location, Yusaku went into LINK VRAINS as Playmaker to challenge Faust, but not before asking Brave Battler for his card back. Brave Battler thanked Playmaker for letting him borrow "Cyberse Wizard", but Playmaker ignored him, and accused Faust of using an amateur duelist to draw Playmaker out. Brave Battler watched the duel that followed, cheering Playmaker on. After Playmaker won, Brave Battler finally apologized to Playmaker, only for Playmaker to not accept Brave Battler's apology and log out. After being rescued from the real-world location he was taken hostage at, Naoki continued to brag about his adventures in LINK VRAINS, to Yusaku's disinterest.  [10] 
 Naoki was next seen at the back of the plaza having heard the breaking news that LINK VRAINS would be suspended. He looked at the LINK VRAINS forums on his tablet and saw that "the great apocalypse" was coming.  [11]  Naoki then watched the remaining duels that  Frog  and  Pigeon  managed to stream live, including  Varis  against The Gore  [12] , and Varis against Playmaker. [13] 
 
 Season two 
 Upon seeing that the new LINK VRAINS had went live, Naoki logged in as his Brave Battler avatar. Brave Battler explored the new virtual interface and later bumped into  Ghost Gal . They introduced themselves to each other. Ghost Gal then mentioned that Playmaker had a bounty on his head. Brave Battler then witnessed Playmaker's arrival into LINK VRAINS and cheered for him.  [14]  On another day at school, Naoki saw Skye pass by and asked if she was going to the Duel Club, to which she confirmed.  [15] 
 Several days later, before the start of class, Naoki saw Skye and wondered why she hadn't been to the Duel Club recently. Naoki then recommended that new student Theodore attend the Duel Club, because he could learn from "Playmaker's sidekick". This gave Skye an idea - she devised a plan with Emma Bessho to lure out Naoki in LINK VRAINS. Blue Angel appeared on a promotional advert which Brave Battler saw. Brave Battler "danced on the street" only to be interrupted by Ghost Gal, who asked if bounty hunters were after him since they were after Playmaker. When Brave Battler claimed to have defeated them all, Ghost Gal then claimed to be a bounty hunter herself, so Brave Battler challenged her to a duel. Brave Battler's lack of dueling skill was made clear for Ghost Gal to see, as she won without taking any damage. Ghost Gal later reported back to Blue Angel, who reluctantly agreed to cheer up Brave Battler by inviting him to a meet-and-greet.  [16] 
 Several days later, Naoki approached Yusaku after school, claiming to know his secret. He led Yusaku to a vacant classroom to talk. There, he called Yusaku "Playmaker",  [17]  and then rambled on about something else that Yusaku wasn't interested in. Yusaku left, and Naoki called after him, saying that he would report Yusaku to Playmaker. [18] 
 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Deck 
 Naoki plays a  Monkey-Themed Beast Deck , which contains cards capable of destroying his  Beast  Type Monsters, such as " Wild Nature's Release " and the monster effect of " Scrap Kong " to trigger the effect of " Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest " to set up a  Beatdown  strategy. 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberse Wizard [Notes 1] 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest  x3 
 Scrap Kong  x2 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest  x3 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Metal Baboon, Stalwarts of the Forest Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Summon 
 Wild Nature's Release 
 Traps 
 Evenly Matched 
 Showdown of the Secret Sense Scroll Techniques 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Knight of Hanoi 
 27 
 Win
 
 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal 
 60 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Naoki bears a resemblance to  Trout , a character from the  previous series . 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 1: " Link into the VRAINS " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 2: " Seize the Wind! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 6: " True Blue " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 7: " Fallen Angel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 16: " Hack Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 22: " The Deleted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 24: " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 27: " The Brave Battler " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 28: " Bugging Out " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 32: " Tower of Hanoi " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 39: " Ring the Bell " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 46: " Link to the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 47: " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 50: " A Common Cause " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 60: " Sidekick Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 64: " The Beginning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 65: " Pieces of the Puzzle " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card's data is given to Naoki by  Ai  in  episode 27 . He later returns the data to  Playmaker  in  episode 28 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime   characters Six victims of  Lost  Incident 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Miyu Sugisaki 
 Windy's partner 
 Cyberse World 
 Ai 
 Aqua 
 Earth 
 Flame 
 Lightning 
 Linkuriboh 
 Windy 
 Echo 
 Den City 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 MC 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Frog 
 Nathaniel (Isomaki) 
 Pigeon 
 Gore's manager 
 Roboppi 
 Den City orphanage owner 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd (Kengo Dojun/Blood Shepherd) 
 Den City High School  students 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner 
 SOL Technologies 
 Akira Zaizen 
 Bishop 
 Knight 
 Rook 
 Kitamura 
 Risa Hayami 
 Prototype Ai-A 
 Prototype Ai-B 
 Queen 
 King (VRAINS) 
 Kenmochi 
 Yoroizaka 
 George Gore/The Gore (Go Onizuka) 
 Playmaker's faction 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Ai 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Flame 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Gal (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Girl/Blue Maiden) 
 Aqua 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Ryoken Kogami/Varis (Revolver) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Kiyoshi Kogami 
 Dr. Genome 
 Aso/Faust 
 Clarissa Turner/Baira (Kyoko Taki/Baira) 
 Pandor 
 Lightning's faction 
 Lightning 
 Windy 
 Bit 
 Boot 
 Bohman 
 Harlin (Haru) 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Other characters 
 Ryujiro Mizunuma 
 Kiku Kamishirakawa 
 Theodore's grandfather 
 Theodore's grandmother 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/NaokiShima.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170510212230', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS characters