Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jono


 
 Jono 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Jono 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ジョーノ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Warrior / Beast-Warrior 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 PlayStation appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 
 Jono  is the Egyptian counterpart of  Joey Wheeler . He is friends with  the Prince , although he is initially unaware of his royal status.
 
 Biography 
 Jono is first seen dueling and losing to the mage  Seto  where he is greeted by  Teana  and the Prince, just before he is defeated. The mage mocks Jono's dueling skills but Jono and Teana tell him that the Prince could easily defeat him. Seto is however summoned and cannot duel the Prince. Jono, Teana and the Prince return to the Dueling Grounds where he loses to the Prince in a friendly duel.
 Jono is not seen again until  Yugi Muto  returns the Prince to the past. Upon the prince's return Jono briefs him on the political situation of the Dynasty and how the Mages, led by Heishin govern the land. He leads the Prince to the Hidden Dueling Grounds where he plays him in another friendly duel.
 After the Prince defeats the High Mages Jono informs him that Teana has been kidnapped by Seto. The Prince and Jono head to the Dark Shrine where they defeat a Labyrinth Mage (or multiple depending on how the player navigates). After passing the Labyrinth, they find Seto and Heishin with some aides, holding down Teana. Seto releases Teana saying and offers the prince a chance to duel Heishin. Teana thanks Jono and the Prince for the rescue and they travel back to the Hidden Dueling Grounds. Jono tells the Prince to be cautious as they part ways.
 
 Deck 
 Jono's Deck is based on  Joey Wheeler's Deck  from Duelist Kingdom. The first time the player faces him, he uses mainly  Warrior  and  Beast-Warrior  cards. " Time Wizard " can be won off him at this point. The second time the player faces him, a significant change to his Deck is the inclusion of " Red-eyes B. Dragon ", which the player can win off him.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  characters Ancient Egypt 
 Playable 
 Prince 
 Opponents 
 Simon Muran 
 Teana 
 Jono 
 Villager 1 
 Villager 2 
 Villager 3 
 Seto 
 Heishin 
 Mage Soldier 
 Ocean Mage 
 High Mage Secmeton 
 Forest Mage 
 High Mage Anubisius 
 Mountain Mage 
 High Mage Atenza 
 Desert Mage 
 High Mage Martis 
 Meadow Mage 
 High Mage Kepura 
 Labyrinth Mage 
 Sebek 
 Neku 
 Nitemare 
 Other 
 Card shop owner 
 Fizdis 
 Sadin 
 
 Modern World 
 Playable 
 Yugi 
 Opponents 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Shadi 
 Yami Bakura 
 Pegasus 
 Isis 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Other 
 Kemo 
 Joey 
 Téa 
 Bakura 
 
 Other 
 Duel Master K 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/Jono.png/revision/latest?cb=20080704111406']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories characters