Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_176


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 絆を守りしものレインボー･ネオス ＶＳ クリアー・ヴィシャス・ナイト 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight 
 
 
 Number 
 176 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 27, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 The Rival's Name 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " 
 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " 
 
 
 
 
 "Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight" , is the one hundred and seventy-sixth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired Japan on February 27, 2008.
 Jaden  and  Jesse  continue their  Duel  against  Nightshroud  to save  Yusuke Fujiwara . Nightshroud uses  Trap Cards  to manipulate the  attacks  and  attributes  of his opponent's  monsters , while Jaden and Jesse narrowly avoid defeat after defeat.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson vs. Nightshroud 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Jaden  and  Jesse  continue their  Duel  with  Nightshroud  in an attempt to save  Yusuke Fujiwara  at the behest of  Honest . Having Summoned " Clear Vice Dragon ", Nightshroud  attacks , but Jaden saves his " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " with " Hero Shield ". Since "Clear Vice Dragon" switches to  Defense Position  after attacking, and its  DEF  is 0, Jesse believe he has an opportunity to  destroy  it. However, Nightshroud counters with " Attribute Gravity ", forcing " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " and " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " to both attack Jaden's "Flame Wingman", as they are all of the  WIND - attribute . Nightshroud notes he remembers that Jaden and Jesse stated they both liked to fight each other, so he decides to use this card to grant their wish. With " Clear World " still active, and Jesse controlling the  WATER -attribute " Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle ", he is forced to  discard  the last card in his  hand  at the end of his  turn .
 Jaden also attempts to destroy "Clear Vice Dragon" while it is in Defense Position, but Nightshroud has " Attribute Chameleon " ready, which changes "Flame Wingman" from WIND to WATER, meaning that "Attribute Gravity" forces it to attack "Emerald Tortoise" instead. Nightshroud then claims to Jaden and Jesse that since people have bonds and thoughts, they will have to suffer and struggle to achieve something great. Nightshroud then claims it is better to forget all that. Honest appears, and reveals that Fujiwara could not deal with the death of his parents, and that is what ultimately led down the path to darkness. He claims that they are the ones who forgot about him. After enrolling in  Duel Academy , Fujiwara made many friends, including  Atticus  and  Zane . Eventually, his sorrow drove him to tear down his photographs of them and his parents, and begin his research into the occult, after sealing " Honest " away to protect him. Honest states that he never forgot about Fujiwara.
 Nightshroud attacks Jaden with "Clear Vice Dragon", but Jesse saves him using " Cut Jewel ". Jaden Summons " Elemental Hero Sparkman " using " Hero Signal ", but "Clear World" forces him to play with his hand revealed, as "Sparkman" is a  LIGHT -attribute monster. Jesse then activates " Rainbow Gravity ",  Special Summoning  " Rainbow Dragon " since he has all seven  Crystal Beasts  either on the field or in his Graveyard. Jesse activates its effect,  removing  the "Crystal Beasts" in his Graveyard from play to return all cards on the field to the owner's  Decks , thus thwarting Nightshroud's combo of "Attribute Gravity" and "Attribute Chameleon". This also stops the effects of "Clear World", so the darkness dissolves and the  Trueman  clones reappear on the sidelines. Jaden Summons "Honest", hoping to clear Fujiwara's head, but it fails.
 Nightshroud Summons " Clear Vicious Knight ", whose  ATK  increases by the ATK of his opponent's strongest monster. He attacks Jaden, but Jesse sacrifices the remainder of his  Life Points  to discard "Rainbow Dragon" with " The One to be Protected " to  negate  all damage to Jaden. Jesse collapses, unconscious. Nightshroud reiterates that friendship and bonds are worthless and then he claims that Jesse lost due to friendship.
 Jaden first uses " O - Oversoul " to bring back his " Elemental Hero Neos ". Next Jaden activates " The Rival's Name ", which functions as a  Spell Monster , allowing Jaden to treat it is a monster with the same name as one in an opponent's Graveyard. Jaden then asks Nightshroud if hopes and bonds are actually worthless and that Jesse lost due to friendship. Jaden then states that whatever Nightshroud claims is wrong and declares that Jesse's friendship will bring him victory. Nightshroud asks what is he talking about. Jaden chooses "Rainbow Dragon" for the effect of "The Rival's Name". Nightshroud is shocked that "Rainbow Dragon" has reappeared and Jaden states to Yusuke he has not really forgotten "Honest". Yusuke denies this, claiming he had forgotten everything. Jaden states he is wrong there as he can never forget the people important to him. Jaden then uses " Polymerization " to fuse it with "Elemental Hero Neos" and  Fusion Summon " " Rainbow Neos ".
 Yusuke is amazed by the appearance of "Rainbow Neos", but he claims that Jaden can't create a miracle because by the effect of "Clear Vicious Knight", it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of "Rainbow Neos". Suddenly another voice starts to overlap Yusuke's voice and it states to Jaden to disappear into the World of Darkness. Jaden states that Nightshroud has now shown his weakness. Yusuke doesn't know what he is talking about, but Jaden states to Nightshroud that he has been controlling Yusuke as a shadow attached to Yusuke's mind. Yusuke looks at his hand and realizes that Jaden is right. Jaden explains to Yusuke that this is because he already wants to come back to Honest at this point. Nightshroud's hold on Fujiwara begins to weaken as a result. 
 Jaden uses the effect of "Honest" to return it to his hand. This allows the spirit of "Honest" to go rescue his master. Jaden then discards "Honest", increasing the ATK of "Rainbow Neos" by the ATK of "Clear Vicious Knight". "Honest" then disspells Nightshroud's control over Yusuke. Nightshroud reappears and is angry that Jaden was able to expel him out. Jaden then has "Rainbow Neos" attack "Clear Vicious Knight", destroying it. The attack also vaporizes Nightshroud and all of the Trueman clones. Jesse regains consciousness, but the eclipse has not ended, perplexing them.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson vs. Nightshroud 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Turn 7: Yusuke 
" Clear Vice Dragon " has just attacked " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman ". Due to the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon", its ATK becomes equal to twice the ATK of "Flame Wingman" until the end of the Damage Step. Jaden  activates  his face-down " Hero Shield " and  equips  it to "Flame Wingman". Jaden then sends "Hero Shield" to the Graveyard to prevent "Flame Wingman" from being destroyed (Jaden 3400 → 1300). At the end of the Damage Step, the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon" expires ("Clear Vice Dragon": 4200 → 0/0). 
 The third effect of "Hero Shield" then activates, letting Jaden draw two cards (" Fake Hero " and " Reverse of Neos ") due to him taking at least 2000 Battle Damage. Since "Clear Vice Dragon" attacked, it is switched to Defense Position (0/0) at the end of the Battle Phase. [Notes 1]  Yusuke  Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Jesse 
Jesse draws. " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " attacks "Clear Vice Dragon", but Yusuke activates his face-down " Attribute Gravity " in response. Now all  Attack Position  monsters must battle monsters that have the same  Attribute  as themselves when possible. "Cobalt Eagle" and " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " then attack "Flame Wingman" due to "Attribute Gravity". "Flame Wingman" then destroys both "Cobalt Eagle" and "Sapphire Pegasus" (Jesse 2800 → 2100 → 1800). Jesse then activates the last effects of both "Cobalt Eagle" and Sapphire Pegasus" to place them in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as  Continuous Spell Cards .
 Jesse activates his face-down " Rare Value " to send "Sapphire Pegasus" to the Graveyard and draw two cards. Jesse sets two cards. The WATER effect of " Clear World " then activates, forcing Jesse to discard " Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle ".
 Turn 9: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Flame Wingman" then attacks "Clear Vice Dragon", but Yusuke activates his face-down " Attribute Chameleon " to target "Flame Wingman" and declare WATER for its effect, causing "Flame Wingman" to become a WATER monster until the End Phase. Due to the effect of "Attribute Gravity", "Flame Wingman" attacks and destroys " Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle ". The effect of "Flame Wingman" then activates (Jesse 1800 → 1200). Jaden sets a card.
 Turn 10: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws. He then switches "Clear Vice Dragon" to Attack Position. "Clear Vice Dragon" attacks "Flame Wingman". The second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon" activates ("Clear Vice Dragon": 0 → 4200/0), but Jesse activates his face-down " Cut Jewel " to send " Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his  Deck  to the Graveyard and halve the original ATK of "Flame Wingman" ("Elemental Hero Flame Wingman": 2100 → 1050/1200), ("Clear Vice Dragon": 4200 → 2100/0). "Clear Vice Dragon" then destroys "Flame Wingman" (Jaden 1300 → 250). At the end of the Damage Step, the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon" expires ("Clear Vice Dragon": 2100 → 0/0). Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Signal " to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Sparkman " (1600/1400) in Attack Position. Due to the LIGHT effect of "Clear World", Jaden must play with his hand revealed. At the end of the Battle Phase, "Clear Vice Dragon" switches to Defense Position due to its third effect.
 Jesse activates his face-down " Rainbow Gravity " to Special Summon " Rainbow Dragon " (4000/0) in Attack Position,  ignoring its Summoning conditions  as he has all seven  Crystal Beasts  on his field and/or in his Graveyard. Yusuke  Normal Summons  " Clear Cube " (0/0) in Attack Position. During the  End Phase , Jaden draws a card (" Honest ") due to the second effect of "Cut Jewel" and reveals to Yusuke that his hand contains "Reverse of Neos" and "Fake Hero" in addition to "Honest".
 Turn 11: Jesse 
Jesse draws. He then activates the second effect of "Rainbow Dragon" to return all cards on the field to their owners' Decks by  removing from play  "Ruby Carbuncle", "Emerald Turtle", "Sapphire Pegasus", and "Topaz Tiger" from his Graveyard. Since "Clear Cube" is removed from the field, Yusuke Special Summons another "Clear Cube" (0/0) in Defense Position. [Notes 2]  Jesse sets a card.
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization ". He then Normal Summons "Honest" (1100/1900) in Attack Position. "Honest" attacks and destroys "Clear Cube". Yusuke activates the effect of "Clear Cube" to Special Summon another "Clear Cube" (0/0) in Defense Position.
 Turn 13: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws "Clear Vicious Knight". He then  Tributes  "Clear Cube" in order to Tribute Summon " Clear Vicious Knight " (2300/1100) in Attack Position via its own effect (as Jaden has a monster on his field). Yusuke then activates the second effect of "Clear Vicious Knight" to increase its ATK by the original ATK of the one monster on his opponent's side of the field with the highest ATK ("Clear Vicious Knight": 2300 → 3400/1100).
 "Clear Vicious Knight" attacks "Honest", but Jesse activates his face-down " The One to be Protected " to prevent "Honest" from being destroyed and reduce all Battle Damage that Jaden would take to 0 by sending "Rainbow Dragon" from his Deck to the Graveyard. After damage calculation, Jesse takes damage equal to the ATK of the sent monster (Jesse 1200 → 0). At the End Phase, the second effect of "Clear Vicious Knight" expires ("Clear Vicious Knight": 3400 → 2300/1100).
 Turn 14: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Fifth Hope " and subsequently activates it to return " Elemental Hero Wildheart ", " Elemental Hero Avian ", " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix ", " Elemental Hero Clayman " and " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " from his Graveyard to his Deck and draw two cards. Jaden then activates " O - Oversoul " to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Neos " (2500/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. 
 Jaden then activates " The Rival's Name " to target "Rainbow Dragon" from Jesse's Graveyard and Special Summon "The Rival's Name" (0/0) in Defense Position as well as treat "The Rival's Name" as "Rainbow Dragon". Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "The Rival's Name" with "Neos" in order to  Fusion Summon  " Rainbow Neos " (4500/3000) in Attack Position. Yusuke then activates the second effect of "Clear Vicious Knight" ("Clear Vicious Knight": 2300 → 6800/1100).
 At this point, Nighthshroud tells Jaden to disappear into the World of Darkness, but he unintentionally exposes himself, which Jaden points out. Jaden notes to Yusuke that Nightshroud is possessing him as a shadow attached to his mind and that Yusuke was never controlling Nightshroud's power in the first place. As a result of Yusuke finding out that he was not controlling Nightshroud's power, Nightshroud tries to take over Yusuke's body by force.
 Jaden then activates the first effect of "Honest" to return it to his  hand . "Rainbow Neos" then attacks "Clear Vicious Knight". Jaden then sends "Honest" from his hand to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Rainbow Neos" by the ATK of "Clear Vicious Knight" until the End Phase ("Rainbow Neos": 4500 → 11300/3000). The spirit of "Honest" then frees Yusuke from Nightshroud's influence, removing Nightshroud from Yusuke's body and forcing Nightshroud to take over in Yusuke's place. "Rainbow Neos" then destroys "Clear Vicious Knight" (Nightshroud 800 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart 
 Honest Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 Rainbow Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fake Hero 
 Fifth Hope 
 O - Oversoul 
 Polymerization 
 Reverse of Neos 
 The Rival's Name 
 Traps 
 Hero Shield 
 Hero Signal 
 
 Jesse Anderson Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth [Notes 3] 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat [Notes 3] 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger 
 Rainbow Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Rare Value 
 Traps 
 Cut Jewel 
 Rainbow Gravity 
 The One to be Protected 
 
 Nightshroud/Yusuke Fujiwara Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Clear Cube  x3 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 Clear Vicious Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clear World 
 Traps 
 Attribute Chameleon 
 Attribute Gravity 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Honest 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Clear Vice Dragon " does not have to switch into  Defense Position  after it  attacks . 
 
 ↑   Due to the revised rules of the  TCG , monsters that are returned to the Deck do not count toward being removed from the field. 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   This monster was shown as a  Continuous Spell Card . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Honest_Attacks_Fujiwara.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140331214141', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes