Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_049


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 049 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya  and  Sora  desperately dive for an  Action Card . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 デュエルで 笑顔 を 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dyueru de Egao o 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Duels with Smiles 
 
 
 English 
 Fighting for Fun 
 
 
 Number 
 049 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 29, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 24, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 November 6, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 22, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuya Kawamura 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Battlefronts " 
 " Dueling Declan " 
 
 
 
 
 " Fighting for Fun ", known as " Duels with Smiles " in the Japanese version, is the forty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 29, 2015 and in Australia on January 24, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on December 24, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 Shay  continues to fight against the  Obelisk Force  despite his injuries, assisted by  Sylvio  and  Gong  who suddenly entered into the  Duel . At the same time,  Yuya  Duels against  Sora  but was responded with ridicule. Despite eventually being able to convey his thoughts to Sora and make him change his mind slightly, however...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Sora Perse 
 2.2   Moon Shadow, Celina, Shay Obsidian, Sylvio Sawatari and Gong Strong vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green and Yellow 
 2.3   Riley Akaba vs. Tate 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Riley   chants , "Solemn tyrant of the earth! I offer you the power residing in my eye!  Xyz Summon ! Appear now! Ultimate armament that repels all!  Rank 6 !  C/C/C Rock Armor of Battle ! (in the dub, she summons the monster without chanting)" As the  Xyz Monster  appears with a single  Overlay Unit ,  Tate  muses that it’s here, though he still has his trump card. Riley activates the effect of "Rock Armor", detaching an Overlay Unit to increase the ATK of "Rock Armor" by half the total  DEF  of all face-up  EARTH  monsters. Both "Rock Armor" and Tate's " Performachine Gadget Giant " have 2000 DEF, which is added to the ATK of "Rock Armor" for a total of 4500. Riley declares his  Battle Phase , attacking "Gadget Giant" with "Rock Armor". Tate replies that he won't let Riley, explaining that the effect of "Gadget Giant" will destroy his opponent's Special Summoned monster without damage calculation. "Gadget Giant" beams a kaleidoscopic surge of light from its shoulder pauldron at " Rock Armor" , and  Nico Smiley  declares that this is Tate's answer; Riley is in a pinch. Riley reveals that the effect of "Rock Armor" negates the effects of the monsters that it battles, and "Rock Armor" swallows the light before slinging the rocks surrounding it at "Gadget Giant", destroying it and reducing Tate's LP from 1900 to zero. Nico praises the comeback of their winner, the miracle rookie Riley of  LID , who has won his way through the tournament with  Fusion ,  Synchro  and Xyz Summoning to win the Youth Tournament. Tate congratulates Riley, comparing him to  Declan Akaba  in his use of Summoning methods. Riley is taken aback, but she thanks Tate with a shy smile.
 In the Volcano Area,  Sylvio  joins  Celina ,  Moon , and  Shay  against the  Obelisk Force . Moon only has 500 LP and his " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu ", while Celina has 2400 LP and controls her " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly ". Meanwhile, the three Obelisk Force each control an " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " that has been boosted to 2000  ATK  and have 2000 LP each. Sylvio declares his turn and draws " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel ". He uses the Scale 1 "Evil Heel" and the Scale 8 " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " to Set the  Pendulum Scale , explaining that he can now simultaneously Summon monsters from  Levels   2  to  7 . He  Pendulum Summons  the Level 7 " Abyss Actor - Superstar " and he immediately activates its effect, adding an " Abyss Script " card from his Deck to his hand once per turn. Adding " Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic " to his hand, Sylvio activates the  Spell Card , explaining that after reading the script, "Superstar" will act out his role. "Superstar" is cloaked in a wizard's garb, and Sylvio declares his Battle Phase, attacking the yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force's "Triple Hunting Hound" and destroying it, reducing the yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force to 1500 LP. The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force asks if Sylvio was watching earlier, since even if he destroys the Obelisk Force's monsters, he'll just eat their combo in response. Sylvio replies that he didn't destroy "Triple Hunting Hound", but instead, during a turn in which he activated "Fantasy Magic", the destroyed monster was returned to the hand instead. But  Fusion Monsters  return to the  Extra Deck , not the hand (in the dub, Sylvio says that their attacks can't hurt him now). 
 The Obelisk Force instead activates a  Trap Card , " Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion ", which when an " Ancient Gear " monster leaves the field, allows him to  Fusion Summon  a Fusion Monster that lists the monster that left the field as a  Fusion Material . He chants "Appear and come forth!  Level 9 !  Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ! ((Dub) "You thought you got rid of my  Hunting Hound , but all you did was let me Fusion Summon the true leader of the pack!  Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound !")" The effect of "Ultimate Hunting Hound" then activates since it was Fusion Summoned, halving the LP of the Obelisk Force's opponents. Sylvio can only ask what the heck is up with that as yellow energy rains down on his side of the field, reducing Moon to 250 LP, Celina to 1200 LP, Silvio to 1000, and Shay's previously untouched LP to 2000. Sylvio curses (in the dub, he swears to tell his father on them), and Shay snaps at him to stay out of this (in the dub he tells Sylvio to tell his father about their fight), but he falters and grunts in pain again while clutching his ribs.  Gong  steps in between them, suggesting that Shay should take his own advice. He declares his turn and draws, immediately taking the intrusion penalty of 2000 LP, which reduces him to 2000 LP as he grunts.
 Sora  and  Yuya  face off in the underground cavern. Sora goes first, activating the  Continuous Spell Card  " Toy Vendor ". Once per turn, he can send a card from his hand to the  Graveyard  and draw one card. He discards " Fluffal Wings " and a coin appears in the air and slots into "Toy Vendor". Sora prepares to draw, explaining that if he draws a  Level 4  or lower monster, he can  Special Summon  it, but anything else is sent to the Graveyard. He draws the  Level 3  " Fluffal Bear ", and thus he Special Summons it, "Fluffal Bear". "Toy Vendor" cranks its arm and dispenses a ball that opens to release "Fluffal Bear". Then, Sora activates the Spell Card, " Polymerization " to Fusion Summon " Frightfur Bear ".  Setting  a card, Sora ends his turn, telling Yuya to face him, and that Sora will make Yuya realize Sora's true power.
 
       Yuya activates " Flame Surge ".     
 Vowing to bring back Sora's smile, Yuya draws " Timegazer Magician ". He uses the Scale 1 " Stargazer Magician " and the Scale 8 "Timegazer Magician" to Set the Pendulum Scale, allowing him to simultaneously Summon monsters from Levels 2 to 7. Yuya chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Appear now, with your wondrous and beautiful dichromatic eyes,  Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ! ((Dub) "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monster is ready to swing into action! Turn up the heat, Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon")" He tells Sora to remember how they felt when they first Dueled. Sora replies that he was just playing around the first time, but he won’t be so soft now. Yuya retorts that Sora's smile back then was genuine, and he declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Frightfur Bear" with "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Sora flips over to a rock and snags an  Action Card , " Flame Chain ", decreasing the ATK of one monster by 400. Yuya responds with the  Pendulum Effect  of "Stargazer Magician", negating the activation of a Spell Card once per turn while a  Pendulum Monster  is battling and re-Setting it. "Stargazer Magician" sends out light waves with " Halting Horoscope ", re-Setting "Flame Chain". Sora grits his teeth and runs for another Action Card, but Yuya crosses overhead and activates his own " Flame Surge ", increasing the ATK of a monster by 400 for the rest of the turn. "Odd-Eyes" glows orange as it increases to 2900 ATK. Returning to his original standing spot, Sora activates his Set " De-Fusion ", returning "Frightfur Bear" to the Extra Deck and Special Summoning its Fusion Materials, "Fluffal Bear" and " Edge Imp Sabres " in  Defense Position . Landing in a crouch, Yuya orders "Odd-Eyes" to attack "Edge Imp Sabres", and "Odd-Eyes" disintegrates the  Fiend  with one swipe of its tail. Yuya explains that when a monster that has been targeted by "Flame Surge" destroys a monster in battle, it inflicts the DEF of that monster as damage. Fire rains from the card, reducing Sora to 3200 LP. Yuya ends his turn, the effect of "Flame Surge" ending. Yuya states that back when they last Dueled, they became friends like this, didn't they? Sora scoffs at the idea of making friends through Dueling, calling it soft (in the dub, he says that Dueling is for destroying your enemies).
 Gong looks at the " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend " and " Pendulumstatue Black Sun " in his hand, before addressing Celina as  Zuzu , claiming that he'll find a way out of this with the cards that she left him. He uses the Scale 1 "Red Fiend" and the Scale 12 "Black Sun" to Set the  Pendulum Scale , explaining that this will allow him to simultaneously Summon monsters from Level 2 to  11 . He Pendulum Summons two " Superheavy Samurai Thief " in addition to " Superheavy Samurai Transporter ". Then, Gong activates the effect of one of his "Thief",  Tributing  it to add a previously activated Spell or Trap Card to his hand. He adds the "Evil Heel" in Sylvio’s  Pendulum Zone  that is treated as a Spell Card via this effect, "Thief" transforming into a ball of light that removes the monster from its column of light. Sylvio tosses the card to Gong, asking if he’s using the effect wrong; can’t Gong break down the Obelisk Force’s combo with that effect? Gong catches the card, reassuring Sylvio that it's fine. He Tributes the other "Thief", this time adding Sylvio’s "Funky Comedian" to his hand. Finally, by Tributing "Transporter", he can add "Evil Heel" and "Funky Comedian" to Shay’s hand. "Transporter" tosses the cards to Shay with its staff, and Shay asks why Gong is giving him Pendulum Cards. Gong explains that Shay is finishing this, and he ends his turn, leaving Shay to ponder his current situation.
 Sora claims that Dueling is a fight; in the end, it's win or get beaten (in the dub, he adds that it was fun defeating the "Xyzians"). Yuya asks if Sora is saying that they aren't friends anymore, and Sora replies that they aren't; he has something more important to him than friendship (in the dub, he says that some things are fine just the way they are).
 
       Accepting assistance, Shay performs a  Pendulum Summon .     
 Shay declares his turn and draws ferociously. He pants as he remembers Celina defending him from Sora, Moon protecting them with " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows ", Sylvio taking the intrusion penalty, and Gong telling Shay that he was finishing the Duel. He calls it ridiculous, but nevertheless, he uses the Scale 1 "Evil Heel" and the Scale 8 "Funky Comedian" to Set the Pendulum Scale, allowing him to simultaneously Summon monsters from Levels 2 to 7. Sylvio and Gong watch in anticipation as Shay declares, "Pendulum Summon! Flock to me!  Raidraptor - Wild Vulture !" He's Pendulum Summoned three "Wild Vultures" and immediately  overlays  the  Level 6  "Wild Vultures". He chants, "Proud falcon, spread your wings dyed in the blood of heroes. Advance along the path of revolution! Xyz Summon! Appear now! Rank 6!  Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ! ((Dub) "Fiercest falcon, set your wings ablaze and lock your gaze on our ill-fated foe! Now, make it so! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Emerge,  Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon !")" Shay activates the effect of "Revolution Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to allow "Revolution Falcon" to attack all monsters his opponent controls once each. The green-jeweled Obelisk Force sneers that even if Shay can attack them all, their combo will send him packing. Shay explains that when "Revolution Falcon" battles a Special Summoned monster, the ATK and DEF of that monster become zero. He declares battle, and "Revolution Falcon" blasts flames from the exhaust pipes on its wings, reducing the stats of the Obelisk Force's monsters to zero. He tells "Revolution Falcon" as it spirals into the air to carry on the will of the fallen, and eradicate all of their enemies. "Revolution Falcon" attacks with "Blitzing Bombardment", opening its bay doors and dropping its bomb payload, destroying the Obelisk Force’s monsters and blasting them backwards screaming as their LP falls to zero. Sylvio begins cheering, asking how the Obelisk Force like that, and as Gong nods at Shay, Sylvio yells, "Oh yes!" in English.
 Sora tells Yuya that he will make Yuya realize that winning is more important than friendship (in the dub, he says Dueling is a means to an end; in this case, Yuya's). He declares his turn and draws another "Fluffal Wings". Sora activates the effect of his "Toy Vendor", discarding "Fluffal Wings" to draw a card. If it's a Level 4 or lower monster, he'll be able to Special Summon it. He draws the Level 2 " Fluffal Owl ", which is Special Summoned. "Owl" pops out from "Toy Vendor", and Sora explains that when "Owl" is Special Summoned from his hand, he can add "Polymerization" from his Deck to his hand. Next Sora activates the effect of the "Fluffal Wings" in his Graveyard since he controls "Toy Vendor", banishing two copies to draw two cards; and then drawing one more by Tributing "Toy Vendor". Yuya is shocked that Sora drew three cards in one move, and Sora continues his turn, activating the Continuous Spell Card " Edge Nightmare ". It allows him to Special Summon an " Edge Imp " monster from his Graveyard once per turn, so he revives "Edge Imp Sabres". Then he activates "Polymerization", fusing "Edge Imp Sabres", "Fluffal Bear" and "Fluffal Owl", chanting, "Claws of the demon! Fangs of the beast! Eyes of the void! Become one in the whirlpool of light and reveal your new form! Fusion Summon! Show yourself, mystical beast of the jungle that shreds everything!  Frightfur Tiger ! ((Dub)  Bird of prey ,  edge of sharpness ,  fury of bear ! When the three come together, prepare for a scare! I Fusion Summon  Frightfur Tiger !")" Yuya yells at Sora to snap out of it; didn't he teach Zuzu to Fusion Summon out of friendship. Sora states that it was unnecessary, since Fusion is much more precious than that; it's the power to make the worlds one. Yuya snaps that making the worlds one through power is wrong. Sora can only protest that it isn't wrong (in the dub, Sora does not mention uniting the worlds; he instead continues to insist that Dueling is meant to destroy your foes and become number one) before he activates the effect of "Frightfur Tiger" since it was Fusion Summoned, allowing him to destroy a number of cards equal to the number of its Fusion Materials. With three Fusion Materials, he can destroy three cards. "Tiger" extends its blades, chopping "Odd-Eyes", "Stargazer" and "Timegazer" in two. Sora adds that the ATK of "Tiger" will increase by 300 for each " Frightfur " on the field. "Tiger" glows yellow and laughs madly as it rises to 2200 ATK. Sora declares battle, attacking Yuya directly with "Frightfur Tiger". Yuya turns and flees, but "Tiger" pounces, knocking Yuya backwards and reducing his LP to 1800.
 
       Yuya  after the  attack  of " Frightfur Tiger ".     
 Sora Sets two cards, ending his turn. He asks Yuya if that is a clear enough answer for him. Yuya asks why Sora has changed this much; he used to be so straightforward and light-hearted. Sora replies that this is who he's always been; a Duel Warrior of  Duel Academy . To hell with Duel Academy, Yuya snaps. He declares his turn (in the dub, he insists that the only thing that matters is Sora's his friend) and draws, then Summons " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ". Next, since he's successfully Summoned a " Performapal " monster, he can Special Summon " Performapal Secondonkey " from his hand. He overlays the  Level 4  "Skeeter Skimmer" and "Secondonkey", chanting "Xyz Summon!  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ! ((Dub) "Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective, I call upon the most dangerous of dragons! I Xyz Summon  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon !")" Yuya asks if Sora knows what Duel Academy did to the  Xyz Dimension . Heartland was a peaceful city overflowing with smiles, and Sora's people trampled over it. Sora callously states that it had to be done, as it's all for making the worlds one (in the dub, he says that you can't make an omelet without breaking some eggs). Yuya snaps that Sora and his people don't have that authority. He activates the effect of "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" detaching an Overlay Unit to halve the ATK of a  Level 5  or higher monster that his opponent controls and have "Dark Rebellion" gain that lost ATK. "Dark Rebellion's" wings unfold and blast lightning at "Frightfur Tiger", and Yuya tells Sora to remember who he really was. 
 Sora protests that he keeps telling Yuya that this is the real him, and he activates a  Counter Trap Card , " Frightfur March ", negating a monster effect that targets a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster. Then, he sends a "Frightfur" monster from his Extra Deck to the Graveyard with the same Level as the targeted monsters, so he sends "Frightfur Bear" from his Extra Deck to his Graveyard. Finally, Sora can Special Summon a "Frightfur" monster from his Extra Deck that lists the targeted monster as a Fusion Material, treating that Summon as a Fusion Summon. A copy of "Frightfur Tiger" appears and glows yellow, and Sora chants, "Show yourself! Wild beast of the devil's nest, bare your fangs at all!  Frightfur Sabre-Tooth  ((Dub) "Here's the wild, wicked cat that's all paws, claws and jaws!  Frightfur Sabre-Tooth !")". When "Sabre-Tooth" is Fusion Summoned, it can Special Summon a "Frightfur" monster from his Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions. He chants, "Show yourself! Horrifying beast that shreds everything! Frightfur Bear!" Sora explains that the effect of "Tiger" increases the ATK of all "Frightfur" monsters by 300 for each "Frightfur" or " Fluffal  " monster he controls, and "Tiger", "Sabre-Tooth" and "Bear" all rise to 2800, 3300, and 3100 ATK respectively. Then he reveals that the effect of "Sabre-Tooth" also increases the ATK of all "Frightfur" monsters by 400 for each "Frightfur" or "Fluffal" monster that he controls, and "Tiger", "Sabre-Tooth" and "Bear" rise in ATK again, to 4000, 4500, and 4300 respectively. Yuya snags another Action Card, a "Flame Surge", and he curses that he can't do it with just this.
 With a look of determination, Yuya uses the Scale 3 " Xiangke Magician " and the Scale 8 " Xiangsheng Magician " to Set the Pendulum Scale. He explains that with this, he can simultaneously Summon monsters from Levels  4  to 7. He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Appear now, my monster! Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon! ((Dub) "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monster is ready to swing into action! Turn up the heat, Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon")) " "Odd-Eyes" appears again, roaring beside "Dark Rebellion". Sora muses on the ability of Pendulum Monsters to send themselves to the Extra Deck, admitting that he got done in by that last time. Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of "Xiangke Magician", allowing him to give an Xyz Monster a Level equal to its Rank, granting the  Rank 4  "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon” a Level of 4. "Xiangke Magician" infuses "Dark Rebellion" with energy, and Sora is shocked at the idea of giving a Level to an Xyz Monster. Yuya then activates the Pendulum Effect of "Xiangsheng Magician", making the Level of one monster that he controls equal to the Level of another monster. He makes "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" Level 7, the same as "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon", and Sora gasps that now Yuya has two Level 7 monsters. 
 Yuya swallows, mentally calling out to  Yuto , who he asks if he's in there. He tells Yuto that he'll believe in him, who spoke of Dueling with smiles (in the dub, he tells Yuto that he's having a hard time getting through to Sora, but maybe they can do it together). Yuya overlays the Level 7 "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon", chanting, "Dragon of dual-colored eyes! Eradiacte all enemies who oppose you with your scale of wrath! Xyz Summon! Come forth!  Rank 7 ! Dragon with eyes of rage!  Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ! ((Dub) "Dragon with blazing, raging eyes! Come and conquer all that stands against you! I Xyz Summon  Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon !")" Yuya activates the effect of "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon"; when it is Xyz Summoned using a "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" that was treated as Level 7, it can destroy all Level 7 or lower monsters that his opponent controls and deal damage equal to their ATK. "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" lets out a roar that destroys "Frightfur Tiger" and "Frightfur Bear". Sora quickly activates a  Continuous Trap Card , " Fusion Fortress " which prevents him from taking effect damage as long as he controls a Fusion Monster. He admits that since "Tiger" has left the field, its effect ends and the ATK of "Sabre-Tooth" decreases due to there being fewer "Frightfur" monsters on the field. On a walkway up above, Gong, Celina, Shay, Sylvio, Moon, and  Dennis , who is carrying  Aura  on his back, approach the Duel, Gong calling Yuya's name (in the dub, he notices Yuya fighting Sora). Sora, meanwhile, has spotted the "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" card – the card is both an Xyz Monster  and  a Pendulum Monster, and he begins to smile, admitting that this is really fun. He dubs the card an Xyz-Pendulum Monster, stating that this is why Duels with Yuya are so fun. Yuya agrees; Dueling is fun, so please, stop this fighting. Sora grits his teeth and doesn’t respond, so Yuya activates the effect of "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon". By using an Overlay Unit, it can attack as many times as monsters were destroyed this turn. "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" absorbs one of its Overlay Units and deploys its blades of light, and Yuya declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Frightfur Sabre-Tooth" with "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon". Sora activates the Set "Flame Chain" from earlier as "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" dives into the ceiling and begins ploughing through the stalactites, reducing its ATK by 400. Yuya activates the "Flame Surge" that he’d picked up, increasing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" by 400. As "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" dives towards "Sabre-Tooth", Sora and Yuya both leap for an Action Card attached to a stalactite…
 And then the time reaches 12 o'clock noon. The card disintegrates before the two can reach it, as does the ARC System; Nico Smiley declaring over the intercom that the  Battle Royal  is over. Sora and Yuya land and slide across the ground. Gong calls out to both Yuya and Sora, and Yuya replies in kind to Gong, then he sees Celina, mistaking her for Zuzu. Aura stirs on Dennis’s back, and she blanches to see Celina, calling her Zuzu and accusing her of messing around with  other guys  while seducing "Darling". Celina replies that she isn’t Zuzu, much to Yuya's shock. He turns to Sora, asking where Zuzu is. Realizing that he's in trouble, Sora activates the forced return function of his  Duel Disk , returning to the  Fusion Dimension . Declan's voice sounds out, explaining that he saw all of their Duels. The others look up to see him standing on a higher walkway, and Sylvio comments that Declan came at a good time; Sylvio cleared out that Duel Academy bunch like Declan asked him to. He comments that that makes him one of Declan's  Lancers  now. Gong is confused by the term, and Sylvio explains that the Battle Royal was a selection exam for the Lancers. Yuya is shocked by this explanation, and he looks up at the impassive Declan.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Sora Perse 
         Former friends     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Sora 
 Sora  activates " Toy Vendor ", allowing him to  discard  a card once per  turn  to  draw a card  and  reveal  it, and if it is a  Level  4 or lower  monster , it is  Special Summoned , otherwise it is discarded. Sora discards " Fluffal Wings " to draw " Fluffal Bear " (1200/800) and Special Summon it in  Attack Position . He then activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  "Fluffal Bear" with the " Edge Imp Sabres " in his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Frightfur Bear " (2200/1800) in Attack Position. Sora  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
 Yuya  draws " Timegazer Magician ". Yuya activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1)  and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000) from his hand in Attack Position. "Odd-Eyes"  attacks  "Frightfur Bear", but Sora finds and activates the Action Card " Flame Chain ", reducing the  ATK  of "Odd-Eyes" by 400. As a  Pendulum Monster  is  battling  and a  Spell Card  was activated, Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Stargazer",  negating  the activation of that Spell Card, Setting it, and preventing it from being activated for the rest of this turn. Yuya then finds and activates the Action Card " Flame Surge ", increasing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" by 400 ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 2900/2000) until the end of the turn. Sora activates his  face-down  " De-Fusion ",  returning  "Frightfur Bear" to his  Extra Deck  and Special Summoning "Fluffal Bear" (1200/800) and "Edge Imp Sabres" (1200/800) from his Graveyard in  Defense Position . A  replay  occurs and "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Sabres". The effect of "Flame Surge" inflicts  damage  to Sora equal to the destroyed monster's  DEF  (Sora 4000 → 3200 LP).
 Turn 3: Sora 
Sora draws "Fluffal Wings". He activates the effect of "Toy Vendor", discarding "Wings" to draw and Special Summon " Fluffal Owl " (1000/1000) in Attack Position. As it was Special Summoned, he activates the effect of "Owl",  adding  "Polymerization" from his  Deck  to his hand. Sora activates the effect of the "Fluffal Wings" in his Graveyard,  banishing  it and another copy from there to draw two cards, then  Tribute  "Toy Vendor" to draw another card. Sora activates " Edge Nightmare ", which lets him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower " Edge Imp " monster from his Graveyard once per turn. He Special Summons "Sabres" in Attack Position. He then activates "Polymerization", fusing "Fluffal Bear", "Fluffal Owl" and "Sabres" on his field to Fusion Summon " Frightfur Tiger " (1900/1200) in Attack Position. The effect of "Tiger" increases the ATK of all " Frightfur " monsters Sora controls by 300 for each " Fluffal " and "Frightfur" monster he controls (1900 → 2200). The effect of the Fusion Summoned "Tiger" activates, allowing Sora to destroy cards Yuya controls up to the number of  Fusion Materials  used for its Fusion Summon. Sora destroys "Odd-Eyes", "Stargazer" and "Timegazer". "Tiger" attacks  directly  (Yuya 4000 → 1800 LP). Sora Sets two cards.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya  Normal Summons  " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer " (500/1600). As he Normal Summoned a " Performapal " monster, Yuya also Special Summons " Performapal Secondonkey " (1000/2000) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Yuya  overlays  his two Level 4 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. He activates its effect,  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to halve the ATK of a Level 5 or higher monster Sora controls and add that amount to its own ATK until the end of this turn. Sora activates his  face-down  " Frightfur March ", negating an effect that would target a "Frightfur"  Fusion Monster  he controls, by  sending  a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster with the same Level as the monster on his field from his Extra Deck to the Graveyard, and then Fusion Summoning another "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from his  Extra Deck  that lists the sent monster as a Fusion Material. Sora sends "Frightfur Bear" to the Graveyard and Fusion Summons " Frightfur Sabre-Tooth " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Sabre-Tooth" activates as it was Special Summoned, allowing Sora to Special Summon a "Frightfur" monster from his Graveyard,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . He Special Summons "Bear" in Attack Position. The effect of "Sabre-Tooth" increases the ATK of all "Frightfur" monsters Sora controls by 400 for each "Frightfur" and "Fluffal" monster he controls, with the effect of "Tiger" also reapplying ("Tiger": 1900 → 4000, "Sabre-Tooth": 2400 → 4500, "Bear": 2200 → 4300). Yuya finds the Action Card "Flame Surge". Yuya activates " Xiangke Magician " (   3) and " Xiangsheng Magician " (   8) in his Pendulum Zones. He Pendulum Summons "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) from his Extra Deck in Attack Position. He activates the Pendulum Effect of "Xiangke Magician", giving "Dark Rebellion" a Level equal to its current  Rank  (  4 →   4). Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of "Xiangsheng Magician", changing the Level of "Dark Rebellion" to that of another monster he controls. He targets "Odd-Eyes" (  4 → 7). Yuya overlays his two Level 7  Dragon - Type  monsters to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " (3000/2500). As it was Xyz Summoned using a Xyz Monster being treated as a Level 7 monster, the effect of "Rebellion Dragon" activates, destroying all Level 7 or lower monsters his opponent controls and inflicting damage equal to the total ATK of those monsters to Sora. "Bear" and "Tiger" are destroyed as they are Level 6 monsters ("Sabre-Tooth": 4500 → 2800), but Sora activates his face-down " Fusion Fortress ", preventing him from taking  effect damage  while he controls a Fusion Monster. Yuya activates the other effect of "Rebellion Dragon", detaching an Overlay Unit to allow it to attack once for each monster that was destroyed this turn. "Rebellion Dragon" attacks "Sabre-Tooth", but Sora activates his face-down Action Card "Flame Chain", reducing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes Rebellion" by 400 ( 3000 → 2600). Yuya activates the Action Card "Flame Surge", increasing the ATK of "Rebellion Dragon" by 400 ( 2600 → 3000). Both players spring for the same Action Card, but the Duel is interrupted at this point as the Battle Royale's timer expires.
 
 Moon Shadow, Celina, Shay Obsidian, Sylvio Sawatari and Gong Strong vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green and Yellow 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 8: Sylvio 
 Sylvio   draws  " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel " and subsequently activates it (   1) and " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Sylvio  Pendulum Summons  " Abyss Actor - Superstar " (2500/1800) from his  hand  in  Attack Position . He  activates  its  effect , letting him  adding  an " Abyss Script " card from his  Deck  to his  hand  once per  turn . He adds " Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic " and subsequently activates it, targeting "Superstar". It allows Sylvio to  return  a monster that "Superstar"  attacks  to the hand after  damage calculation . "Superstar" attacks Yellow's " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (Yellow: 2000 → 1500 LP), with it being returned to the  Extra Deck . As an " Ancient Gear " monster he  controls   left the field  via his opponent's card effect, Yellow activates his  face-down  " Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion ", letting him  Fusion Summon  a monster from his Extra Deck that lists that monster as a  Fusion Material Monster . He Fusion Summons " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (2800/2000). Since it was successfully Fusion Summoned, its effect activates, halving the  LP  of all his opponents (Moon: 500 → 250 LP, Celina: 2400 → 1200 LP, Sylvio: 2000 → 1000 LP, Shay: 4000 → 2000 LP).
 Turn 9: Gong 
 Gong  joins the Duel at this point, taking the 2000 LP intrusion penalty (Gong: 4000 → 2000 LP). Gong activates " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend " (   1) and " Pendulumstatue Black Sun " (   12) in his Pendulum Zones. Gong Pendulum Summons " Superheavy Samurai Transporter " (1200/800) and two copies of " Superheavy Samurai Thief  (1000/1000 each) from his hand. He activates the effect of one of his "Thieves",  Tributing  it to add a  Spell Card  activated on the previous turn to his hand. He chooses Sylvio's "Evil Heel". He activates the effect of the other "Thief", Tributing it to add Sylvio's "Funky Comedian" to his hand. Gong activates the effect of "Transporter", Tributing it to give two cards in his hand to one of his opponents. He gives "Evil Heel" and "Funky Comedian" to  Shay .
 Turn 10: Shay 
Shay activates "Evil Heel" (   1) and "Funky Comedian" (   8) in his Pendulum Zones. Shay Pendulum Summons three copies of " Raidraptor - Wild Vulture " (1600/2000 each) from his hand in Attack Position. Shay  overlays  his three Level 6  Winged Beast - Type  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " (2000/3000) in Attack Position. Shay activates the effect of "Revolution Falcon",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to allow it to attack each  Special Summoned  monster his opponent controls once each. "Revolution Falcon" attacks Yellow's "Ultimate Hunting Hound", Red's "Triple Hunting Hound" and Green's "Triple Hunting Hound". The effect of "Revolution Falcon" reduces the  ATK  of all three Special Summoned monsters to 0 at the start of each  Damage Step  (Red: 2000 → 0 LP, Green: 2000 → 0 LP, Yellow: 1500 → 0 LP).
 
 Riley Akaba vs. Tate 
 Duel already in progress.  Tate  has 1900  LP  remaining, two cards in his  hand  and  controls  " Performachine Gadget Giant " (???/2000).
 Riley's turn 
 Riley   Xyz Summons  " C/C/C Rock Armor of Battle " (2500/2000). He  activates  its  effect ,  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to increase the  ATK  of "Rock Armor" by half of the combined  DEF  of all  EARTH   monsters  on the  field  (2500 → 4500). "Rock Armor"  attacks  "Gadget Giant", but Tate activates its effect, which would  destroy  any  Special Summoned  monster that  battles  with it. However, the effect of "Rock Armor"  negates  the effect of EARTH monsters that it battles. The attack continues and "Gadget Giant" is destroyed (Tate: 1900 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Secondonkey 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician 
 Xiangke Magician 
 Xiangsheng Magician Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon 
 
 Sora Perse Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Fluffal Bear 
 Fluffal Owl 
 Fluffal Wings  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Sabre-Tooth 
 Frightfur Tiger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Edge Nightmare 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Toy Vendor 
 Traps 
 Frightfur March 
 Fusion Fortress 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Transporter 
 Superheavy Samurai Thief  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Black Sun 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Wild Vulture  x3 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Abyss Actor - Superstar Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Blue Cat 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly 
 
 Moon Shadow Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu 
 
 Obelisk Force Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion 
 
 Riley Akaba Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 C/C/C Rock Armor of Battle 
 
 Tate Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performachine Gadget Giant 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flame Chain 
 Flame Surge  x2 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry Other   *  Reed Pepper 
 Trivia 
 The name of this episode comes from  Yuto 's final words to Yuya before they fused together. Ironically, despite most episodes flashing back to these events, the flashback does not appear in this episode. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Un duel pour s'amuser
 
 
  German 
 Duell-Durcheinander (2)
 
 
  Italian 
 La Stoffa del Lanciere
 
 
  Korean 
 듀얼로 웃음을
 
 
  Thai 
 สร้างรอยยิ้มด้วยดูเอล
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/ArcV_049.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150329162219', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Yuya_vs_Sora_1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150405151106', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Shay_Pendulum_Summon_with_Sawatari_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150405061251', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/Yuya_vs_Sora_2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150405151141', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/Yuya_VS_Sora_II.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160120165317', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes