Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Capsule_Monsters


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 遊☆戯☆王 デユエルモンスターズ ＡＬＥＸ Yūgiō De~yueru Monsutāzu Arekkusu Yu-Gi-Oh! Τέρατα σε Κάψουλες(Greek) 
 
 
 
 Genre
 
 
 Adventure 
 
 
 Anime series 
 
 
 Directed by
 
 
 Various
 
 
 
 Studio
 
 
 Studio Gallop
 Nihon Ad Systems
 
 
 
 Licensor
 
 
 4Kids Entertainment 
 
 
 
 Network
 
 
  4Kids TV
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other networks
 
 
 
  Vortexx 
  RTÉ 2 
  NTV7 
  YTV 
  RTL II, Tele 5 
  Italia 1 
  ABS-CBN , Studio 23, Hero TV 
    Globo, Nick 
  Nickelodeon, Sky One 
  Star Channel 
  Nickelodeon 
  Aruts HaYeladim 
  ATV 
  MBC3 
 
 
 
 Original run
 
 
 September 9, 2006 — November 25, 2006
 
 
 
 No. of episodes
 
 
 12
 
 
 
 
 
 Wikipedia  has an article about  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters . 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters  is a mini-series commissioned, produced, and edited by  4Kids Entertainment  (much like  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light ) that is a part of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. 
 Set before the end of the  second  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series  ( Yu-Gi-Oh: Duel Monsters )—between the  Grand Championship  and  Dawn of the Duel — Capsule Monsters  involves  Yugi , Joey ( Jonouchi ), Téa ( Anzu ), Tristan ( Honda ), and Yugi's grandfather Solomon ( Sugoroku ) being pulled into a world where Duel Monsters are real. They find monster capsules that they can use to summon monsters. It is similar to the  Virtual World  arc in many respects. It is unrelated to the  Capsule Monster Chess  game featured in early volumes of the original manga.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Discovery and presentation 
 2   Story 
 3   Characters exclusive to  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 4   Characters from the original  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series 
 
 4.1   Duel Monsters 
 
 
 5   Episodes 
 6   Duel Monsters Featured 
 7   Voice credits 
 
 7.1   Other actors 
 
 
 8   Notes 
 9   Trivia 
 10   References 
 
 
 Discovery and presentation 
 The first mention of  Capsule Monsters  came on the retailer website  Talkin' Sports  in December 2005, but this information was not widespread, and the existence of the project remained unknown to almost the entire fanbase until 30 January to 2 February 2006, when the Irish children's television strand The Den aired the first four episodes on RTÉ Two. Historically, it was not unusual for RTÉ Two to premiere episodes of  Yu-Gi-Oh!  some time before other markets; for example, the concluding episodes of seasons 3, 4 and 5 all premiered on it. Like all the series' spin-offs, it was simply referred to as Yu-Gi-Oh!, lacking its subtitle, on the television programme listings of the 28 January - 3 February 2006 edition of the RTÉ Guide, meaning that it was unknown to viewers that it was airing. [1] 
 However, the Den never actually promoted new episodes when they aired, and this held true for Capsule Monsters when it debuted after a re-run of the  Grand Championship  arc. The third episode was accidentally stumbled across by a LiveJournal user who posted the news and screencaps to a LiveJournal community,  Play the Damn Card . There was initial confusion amongst fans - particularly over the discovery of the series in such an unlikely place. 4Kids eventually clarified the nature of the show.
 After the first four episodes of Capsule Monsters were aired, RTÉ Two went back to broadcasting Season 1 of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX. When the channel finished doing this on 20 July 2006, it aired Millennium World and The Ceremonial Battle. When that was done, the complete series of Capsule Monsters was aired in Ireland between 25 August - 19 September 2006.
 Capsule Monsters  aired on the British digital television channel, Sky One. 4KidsTV acquired the license to the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters  Series for the 2006 US Fall Saturday morning lineup. The first episode aired Saturday, September 9. [2] 
 The episodes were later rerun on the short-lived The CW4Kids' Toonzai block in 2012.
 Capsule Monsters  also aired in Germany on the channel RTL II.
 
 Story 
 Yugi Muto  (romanized as  Yugi Mutou  in the English-language manga) wakes up after having a strange recurring nightmares about the Pharaoh being captured by an evil monster with glowing red eyes and telling him that why he is having these dreams will become clear when he "plays the game". This time, the Millennium Puzzle starts glowing in response to the dream, bewildering Yugi even further.
 Before leaving for school that day, Yugi noticed that his grandfather,  Solomon Muto  ( Sugoroku Mutou  in the Japanese versions and English-language manga), had not returned from his "secret expedition" (Yugi was told at the last minute) as his flight was due last night. Yugi is worried about the fact that Solomon is missing.
 Meanwhile, there is a new game on the block; the Capsule Monsters board game is the new fad in the  Duel Monsters  craze, and Yugi has already taken the opportunity to learn the rules of the game. When  Joey Wheeler  (Jonouchi Katsuya) breaks the news about the trip, Yugi and his friends could not contain their excitement. Yugi,  Tristan Taylor  ( Hiroto Honda ), and  Téa Gardner  ( Anzu Mazaki ) agree to take Joey's other three tickets.
 Just when the private plane for the trip approached its final destination, the engines cut out and the aircraft crash lands in a mysterious forest. After Yugi and his friends evacuate the aircraft, they find a man who says his name is Dr.  Alex Brisbane .
 When Yugi lets slip to Brisbane that he is Solomon Muto's ( Sugoroku Mutou ) grandson, Brisbane tells him that he's a colleague of Grandpa, and on their latest expedition together he disappeared. Now Yugi knows just where Grandpa had gone, but the Pharaoh still suspects something. They just happen to win a trip; their plane just happens to crash; and they just happen to meet the man who was the last person to see Grandpa. It all seems a little bit coincidental. Brisbane shows Yugi and the gang where he last saw Solomon. Yugi and his friends are surprised when they discover that Brisbane last saw Solomon in a pyramid.
 Brisbane explains that he believes it to be the legendary pyramid of  Alexander the Great , and that it's supposed to contain some sort of ancient game. They check it out, narrowly avoiding a number of dangerous traps, and come across a room that, as Tristan put it, is the size of Cleveland. The floor looks like a giant map of different land types, which looks incredibly familiar to Yugi. Joey decides to check it out but, to everyone's surprise, disappears into thin air the second he steps on the map. Coming to the conclusion that Solomon must have gone to the same place as Joey, the rest of the gang decide to follow, leaving a bewildered Brisbane behind.
 They find themselves in a forest, with Joey nowhere to be seen. Yugi notices a lot of egg-shaped rocks around, but before they can investigate, some giant cockroaches ( Gokibore , a monster from the Volume 6 expansion set) and a giant praying mantis ( Kamakiriman , from Volume 3) ambush them. The escapes of Yugi, Tristan, and Téa causes them to have to split up.
 Yugi is cornered by the mantis, so the Pharaoh takes over to protect him. He accidentally touches one of the strange egg-shaped rocks whilst jumping, which somehow causes  Celtic Guardian  to appear. Celtic Guardian attacks the mantis, destroying it.
 Meanwhile, Tristan and Téa escape the cockroaches by ducking into a cave. They find themselves on a beach, accompanied by two monsters:  Thunder Kid  and  Happy Lover .
 At the same time, Joey is up high on a mountain, looking over onto the forest that the gang are in, hearing Yugi's shouting. Suddenly,  Kurama  comes up behind him and grabs him by the shoulders, flying away with Joey in his claws.
 Back in the forest, Celtic Guardian disappears in a beam of light, transforming into a small capsule. Now, Yugi knows where he'd seen this before. Somehow they have entered a real life version of Capsule Monsters. However, he is soon again attacked by a monster, this time it's a  Trent . Pharaoh realizes the strange device on their wrists are for launching the capsules that house their monsters in order to summon them. Calling upon Celtic Guardian, the Pharaoh attacks the tree, but it gets the upper hand and injures Celtic Guardian. The Pharaoh feels Celtic Guardian's pain and realizes that the Capsule Monster world is a deadly Shadow Game. To make matters worse, the Trent turns surrounding trees into copies of it to assist its attack. However, the Pharaoh releases a new capsule monster to assist them, the fire-attribute  Hinotama Soul . It easily burns the Trents to ash. The Pharaoh switches with Yugi, and Yugi runs off to find his friends.
 Elsewhere, Joey has been dropped by the Kurama into a nest of its young. Joey repeatedly jumps off cliffs housing Kurama nests to escape until he lands on a branch and accidentally releases  Baby Dragon  from another rock. Joey boards Baby Dragon and flees the mountains. However, a flock of Kurama chase after them. Realizing there are too many to take on head first, Joey decides to trick them into getting stuck in a small opening in a canyon. 
 On the beach, Tristan figures out that Happy Lover and Thunder Kid are monsters they accidentally released from the egg-shaped rocks back in the forest when they ran from the giant roaches. Suddenly a giant sea monster called  Root Water  emerges from the ocean. Happy Lover and Thunder Kid stand before it to keep Tristan and Téa safe.
 Elsewhere, Joey has taken refuge behind a waterfall and checks his guide book, still believing himself to be in India. Joey then notices a treasure chest behind him and Baby Dragon and opens it. However, instead of treasure a scroll wraps around him, and Baby Dragon burns it off him (with Joey having to put out the fire on him in the waterfall). The ashes of the scroll turn into a map, and Joey wonders if it's a treasure map.
 Back on the beach, Tristan is having Thunder Kid attack Root Water with limited success as Thunder Kid is taking a pounding from the giant monster. (They too realize they feel the pain inflicted on their monsters.) Téa remembers Yugi's advice on how to play the board game version of Capsule Monsters and has Happy Lover heal Thunder Kid with its Heart Beam. Tristan then decides to blind-side Root Water with a sneak attack and Thunder Kid is successful in frying the fish. However, instead of vanishing, Root Water's charred body shatters and the beast evolves into  High Tide Gyojin . It then creates a typhoon, sucking up Téa and Tristan along with their monsters. However, Solomon arrives and uses his  Summoned Skull  to blast High Tide Gyojin apart, saving Téa and Tristan.
 Having seen Summoned Skull's "Lightning Strike" attack, Yugi heads to the beach to find Téa and Tristan unconscious with their monsters. However, his mind is put to ease when Solomon walks up to him and tells him that they're resting after the ordeal they went through. Yugi happily clings onto his grandpa and cries in joy of seeing him again.
 Later, Yugi and the others make camp and begin to wonder where Joey is in the Capsule Monsters world. At the same time, Joey has gotten hungry and follows the smell of the campfire to his friends (after nearly fallen to his death before Baby Dragon managed to catch him). The Pharaoh switches with Yugi and explains that their dilemma of being in this world won't be an easy problem to solve. However, Téa points out that the flowers around them have gotten closer since they set up camp. Solomon tosses a stick from the fire into the flowers to reveal that they are actually a pack of  Flower Wolf . Everyone but Solomon (whose Summoned Skull is too high level to be used frequently) releases their Capsule Monsters to fend off the pack. However, the Pharaoh knows they don't stand a chance and has Thunder Kid blind the wolves temporarily by reflecting its lightning off Celtic Guardian's sword.
 The next day, Tristan and Joey do an annoying "victory dance" while the Pharaoh and Yugi wonder about the safety of their friends. Joey and Tristan then collapse and beg for food. Tristan then remembers about snacks he packed for the trip, but then remembers everyone (except Solomon) left their packs back at the campsite. After Solomon tries to encourage them to go a few days without food, they take off to find some, but run into tree branches. Tea reveals Solomon had a bag of food and taunts them as she eats a chip. Solomon tells them all they had to do was ask nicely. While Joey and Tristan complain, Yugi notices that the mountains are moving and runs to the edge of the forest to see they're on an  Island Turtle . Joey and Tristan try to be tough until Yugi tells them it won't attack them unless they keep it up. Joey and Tristan apologize but immediately do another victory dance. Téa complains about the lack of female friends she has, while the Turtle roars in annoyance to Joey and Tristan's song. It dives, forcing everyone to "abandon ship!" 
 They then reach a temple in the middle of the lake and enter to have the doors shut behind them. Joey notices a "giant tea pot" in the middle of the room and (having switched with Yugi) the Pharaoh tells him it is not a tea pot.  La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp  emerges from the lamp. The Pharaoh summons Celtic Guardian and begins fighting the genie. Suddenly, the doors swing back open and a flood of water rushes in. It then freezes, trapping Téa and Solomon in ice. The perpetrator behind this is  Neo Aqua Madoor , "Jack Frost's evil cousin". Tristan and Joey summon their monsters to help out the Pharaoh despite his constant protests, telling them to not interfere out of concern for their safety. Joey then tells him that they don't want to see him get hurt either as the Pharaoh realizes they can use the two enemies' attacks against each other. After faking head on attacks, Celtic Guardian and the others' capsule monsters back off as  Neo Aqua Madoor  and  La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 's attacks collide into each other and destroy them. 
 Téa and Solomon are released form the ice, and a tablet with Egyptian writing on it appears. Solomon translates it: " Before the shadows blanket the land, Go to the fortress of fear. Locate the place where the spirit sleeps, And the pathway you seek will appear." Joey takes out his map from earlier and realizes that it shows the exact space they're on right now and that the fortress is on the same square, but VERY far away. Everyone resolves to go there, hoping the pathway it mentioned means the way home. Tristan finds a secret passage under the main floor (as they did not want to take chances with swimming across) and they quickly run through it.
 Coming out above ground, they find themselves in an ancient graveyard that is soon flocked with  Wood Remains  and  The Wandering Doomed . Yugi, Tea and Joey each release a new monster;  Kuriboh ,  Dark Witch  and the  Flame Swordsman , respectively. With their new monsters, the Zombies are easily defeated. 
 Racing to the top of the hill the fortress lays upon, Tristan jinxes their good luck as four walls rise up from the ground and surround the fortress with statues of the  Aqua Spirit ,  Spirit of Flames ,  The Rock Spirit  and  Garuda the Wind Spirit  at each corner. Joey unsuccessfully tries to fly over as he is repelled by a force field. Yugi figures out that if four people mimic the stances of the four statues, the door will open. They do so, forcing Yugi to enter the fortress himself. Yugi falls into a pit but is saved from a rough landing by the Pharaoh taking his place. The walls of the room they are trapped in begin to close in on them while outside, Joey breaks his pose and the statues come to life and begin attacking everyone. The Pharaoh finds a new capsule and releases the monster, which carries him up in a beam of light. Coming to his senses, the Pharaoh sees his new monster is  Dark Magician  and that his friends are in trouble. Using Dark Magician's "Magical Crossroads" the statues are destroyed at the cost of Solomon's Summoned Skull being taken down by the Rock Spirit. 
 Inside the fortress, Yugi opens the coffin located in the fortress (the place where the spirit sleeps) just as the sun sets and everyone else comes in. The coffin turns into a doorway and a piece of golden armor hovers above it. Another riddle appears as the armor dons itself on Yugi. Solomon says it says five trials await them to test the strength of Yugi's heart. Despite some discussion about not going through with the trials, everyone decides to go along with it in hopes of it leading them home again.
 They arrive in a desert and find a village, where they are given a pendant and the instructions for the first trial: "Silence the whisper that rides the desert wind". While Solomon stays a safe distance from everyone else, they call forth their monsters and destroy a  Medusa Worm , which they initially believed to be the enemy. However, it turns out to be one of many Medusa Worms under the voice's control. Everyone but the Pharaoh is spat on by a worm and is turning to stone. Dark Magician takes the Pharaoh above the storm and the voice sent to confuse them to show him a tornado causing it. The Pharaoh calls Dark Magician back to his capsule and proceeds on foot to reach the voice. However, he isn't strong enough to reach the tornado. He then sees a man wearing a cape and mask, telling him to merge with the Dark Magician to gain the strength needed to pass the trial. Doing so, the Pharaoh becomes the Dark Warrior and flies into the tornado to find the voice is  Mystical Sand . Silencing her, the Pharaoh clears the trial and reverses the Medusa Worms' petrification on his friends. The armor takes a toll on the Pharaoh as he is not used to it yet. Yugi takes his place to relieve some of the pain and tells of the man he saw explaining how to use the armor. One of the five shapes on the pendant lights up to signify the victory over this trial, and a doorway comes out of the sand.
 Entering it, everyone finds themselves on a floating island above the clouds. Yugi collapses from the strain of the Duel Armor and is taken to a cave to rest. Another message arrives, and Solomon reveals that next is "The Trial of Light and Shadow". They are tasked with breaking an unbreakable stone in the "valley of light" as it appears only once a day. Deciding to take care of the trial in Yugi's place, Tristan, Joey, and Solomon head for the nearest valley as it becomes noon and the stone is revealed. However, a  Prisman  appears and begins to attack them. Tristan takes advantage of its short temper and uses it to blast the stone apart.
 In the meantime, Yugi has recovered, and Téa shows the Pharaoh the trial's instructions. Noticing they only know half of the trial, the Pharaoh realizes that by exposing the parchment to darkness, the second half is revealed. He realizes they are now in danger and takes off with Téa to find them.
 Elsewhere, everyone has picked up a large piece of the stone and smash Prisman to pieces. However, a  Skull Guardian  appears as a sign of the second phase of the trial beginning. Joey hoped he was there to congratulate them, but it began attacking instead. The Pharaoh once again merges with Dark Magician to become the Dark Warrior and easily defeats the monster. However, he spares it as a glow where the stone was appears. The Pharaoh then explains that the second part of the trial was to not only defeat the Skull Guardian, but to show mercy. This rewards them with the means to leave the island. At the same time the masked man from before appears to all of them and congratulates the Pharaoh on completed Level 2 of the trials. The Pharaoh wonders what will happen if he completes the trials, and the stranger explains that he will receive the power to rule the world as he will have proven himself a true king. However, even though the Pharaoh might not want it, there are others seeking it, and it must be claimed before someone evil does. Also, if they fail, they will be trapped here until the next challenger arrives.
 Using the wings found in the trial's reward chest, everyone flies off into another glowing doorway.
 Back outside the game, Dr. Brisbane is laughing evilly that soon the power to rule the world will belong to him.
 In the game, everyone has reached a volcanic area, where they must remove the Blade of Chaos before it's too late. Tristan gains a new monster,  Thunder Dragon . Joey ends up separated from them, but returns, fused with  Red-Eyes B. Dragon  and full of evil. As Joey fights the Pharaoh in Dark Warrior mode, Joey begins to wonder why he is attacking his friend and realizes this happens because of his fusing with Red Eyes. Breaking free of the evil controlling him, Joey separates form Red Eyes, sees the Blade of Chaos is stuck in its thigh. Removing it, Joey clears the third trial and claims Red Eyes as his monster. Everyone leaves through another glowing doorway.
 They then end up in a jungle (where they learn that despite its apparent endless scenery, it is only as big as the game board itself). Their next test is to find a golden apple that "gives you a raise" and offer it up. Tristan finds a giant melon and draws a picture of himself on it. The fruit then falls down a hole, and everyone follows it to find themselves in a chamber with three long pedestals with an apple each on them. Tristan then notices his melon in the corner, which turns out to actually be a  Petit Moth . Everyone attempts to leave, but are then caught in a labyrinth. Joey eats some of the fruit he took from the forest and instantly becomes a genius. Right as he is about to figure out how to get out of the labyrinth, a  Battle Ox  chases him away from his equations. At the same time, Téa gets a  Seiyaryu  after defeating a  Jirai Gumo . Hopelessly lost in the meantime, Tristan releases a  Shovel Crusher  and it careens around the labyrinth like a lunatic, collecting his allies and depositing them back at the apple room. However, there is a slight difference. An apple is missing and a  Cocoon of Evolution  is where Petit Moth was. It hatches into  Great Moth  and Yugi becomes the Dark Warrior to fight it. However, a Dark Magic Attack simply further evolves it into  Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth . The Pharaoh then realizes that he must eat one of the apples to evolve Dark Magician in order to stand a chance against the moth. Doing so evolves his magician into  Magician of Black Chaos  and earns them victory. He then takes the remaining apple to an altar, which opens a doorway.
 They then find themselves back at the camp where they were attacked by the Flower Wolves. The masked man appears and properly introduces himself as  Alexander the Great . He then goes on to explain he once possessed the  Millennium Ring , which he considered his lucky charm as it helped him conquer most of the world. However, prolonged possession of it caused a split personality to emerge (due to Zorc being sealed in the ring) and most of his retainers lost faith in him. He was then put to a test to see if he was still worthy to wear the ring by  Shadi  and was the first to participate in the Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game. However, though he was victorious in the trials, the door leading to the great power to rule the world did not open. This enraged his darker half into attacking his four vassals. It was then the pyramid punished him by splitting his soul in two. His darker half was sealed into the pyramid and he was sent to the game to act as a guide for future adventures. Alexander then gifts the monster-less Solomon with a new monster and tells him he will need it for the fifth trial. 
 They head to a village, where Alexander explains that the fifth trial involves destroying five different elemental dragons known as the Fiendish Five that terrorize the village. They find a girl about to sacrifice herself to give their dragon god the strength to keep the five away. However, they intervene and promise to slay the dragons. Solomon, using his new  Curse of Dragon  against  Aqua Dragon , the Pharaoh faces  Tyrant Dragon , Téa versus  Serpent Night Dragon , Tristan battles  Luster Dragon #2  and Joey fights  Meteor Dragon . However, despite the aid of Yugi's new  Black Luster Soldier , everyone fails to defeat the dragons and are forced to return to the village. The Pharaoh then learns of a sword that can slay the five only if a large power descends upon the village. Tricking the five into coming towards the village, the Pharaoh frees the sword and slays them. However, the defeated dragons transform into the  Five-Headed Dragon . The girl from earlier prays for her god's help and her tears free the  Blue Eyes White Dragon  from its picture, and it fuses with the Pharaoh and slays the Fiendish Five once and for all.
 With the trials now completed, everyone is about to be sent home, and Alexander is given permission to use Solomon's body as a means of taking himself out of the game.
 They arrive outside to find Dr. Brisbane acting normal and concerned for their safety. He then wonders if they found anything interesting in the game, and Solomon presents the trial pendant, now fully lit. Right as the evil side of Alexander tries to grab the pendant, the good side jumps into Dr. Brisbane and seemingly subdues his evil side. However, it's a trick as the evil side was stronger and fused together with his weaker good half. Evil Alexander takes the pendant and runs up to the doors and successfully opens them after waiting for thousands of years. Everyone chases him into the room and they find themselves in an alternate dimension.
 Shadi appears and wonders who should receive the power promised to the victor of his challenge. Though the Pharaoh protests that Evil Alexander cheated, Shadi points out that Alexander has a fair claim to the power as he tried himself and won thousands of years ago. To end the stalemate, Shadi announces one final Capsule Monsters battle. Evil Alexander summons the souls of his vassals to assist him and Good Alexander's Duel Armor. Evil Alexander fuses with  Reshef the Dark Being  and sacrifices his retainers' monsters to summon his  Seven-Armed Fiend , the apparition from Yugi's dreams. Everyone but Yugi's monsters are destroyed except for their dragons and Seven-Armed Fiend is destroyed. However, Evil Alexander decides to use the remaining monsters he used for his sacrifice to power Reshef and use his pawns' pain connection to them as a shield. However, the Pharaoh, disgusted with Evil Alexander for how he treats his loyal subjects, fuses with his friends' dragons to form the Armor of Unity and destroys Reshef. The evil side of Alexander is purged and the good Alexander tells the Pharaoh that his reign over Egypt is what inspired him to be pharaoh himself. Alexander then passes on with his vassals. Shadi wishes to gift the Pharaoh with the power promised, but he instantly turns it down. Shadi then muses to him that the one who can rule the world need not possess the power. The pyramid then begins to collapse, and everyone manages to escape safely.
 They return to their pilots to discover the rescue plane has come. They talk the pilots into taking Solomon and Dr. Brisbane back to Domino City with them.
 
 Characters exclusive to  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 Alex Brisbane 
 Alexander the Great 
 Yami Alexander 
 Alexander's Vassals 
 Village maiden 
 Desert girl 
 Characters from the original  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series 
 Yugi Mutou  (武藤 遊戯  Mutō Yūgi ) 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  /  Joey Wheeler 
 Anzu Mazaki  /  Téa Gardner 
 Hiroto Honda  (本田 ヒロト  Honda Hiroto ) /  Tristan Taylor 
 Sugoroku Mutou  (武藤 双六  Mutō Sugoroku ) /  Solomon Muto 
 Shadi 
 Duel Monsters 
 Yugi's Monsters :
 
 Celtic Guardian  (obtained in episode 1) 
 Hinotama Soul  (obtained in episode 2) 
 Kuriboh  (obtained in episode 4) 
 Dark Magician  (obtained in episode 4, evolved in episode 8) 
 Magician of Black Chaos  (evolved from Dark Magician in episode 8) 
 Black Luster Soldier  (obtained in episode 9) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (fused with, but didn't keep in episode 10) 
         The Armor of Unity     
 Yami Yugi is also capable of activating the power of his Duel Armor and fusing with his monsters. As of episode 9, he has fused with Dark Magician, Magician of Black Chaos, and Black Luster Soldier. In episode 10, he also fused with Blue-Eyes White Dragon which the villagers know as the Divine White Dragon. Yugi has also fused with his friend's dragons to form the Armor Of Unity in episode 12.
 Joey's Monsters :
 
 Baby Dragon  (obtained in episode 2, destroyed in episode 11) 
 Flame Swordsman  (obtained in episode 4, destroyed in episode 11) 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  (obtained in episode 7) 
 Joey was able to fuse together with Red Eyes Black Dragon when it was cursed with the Blade of Chaos in episode 7. He apparently lost the ability once the Blade was destroyed.
 Tristan's Monsters :
 
 Thunder Kid  (obtained in episode 1, destroyed in episode 11) 
 Thunder Dragon  (obtained in episode 7) 
 Shovel Crusher  (obtained in episode 8, destroyed in episode 12) 
 Téa's Monsters :
 
 Happy Lover  (obtained in episode 1, destroyed in episode 11) 
 Dark Witch  (obtained in episode 4, destroyed in episode 12) 
 Seiyaryu  (obtained in episode 8) 
 Solomon's Monsters  (Grandpa):
 
 Summoned Skull  (first seen in episode 2 and destroyed in episode 4) 
 Curse of Dragon  (given by Alexander the Great in episode 9) 
 The Five Dragons for (FGD) :
 
 Meteor Dragon 
 Serpent Night Dragon 
 Luster Dragon 2 
 Tyrant Dragon 
 Aqua Dragon 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 "Evil" Alexander's Monsters :
 
 Seven-Armed Fiend  (first seen in episode 11 and destroyed in episode 12) 
 Reshef the Dark Being  (first seen in episode 11 and destroyed in episode 12) 
 Skull Knight 2  (Summoned by  Seven-Armed Fiend ) 
 Alex's Follower #1's Monsters :
 
 Garma Sword  (first seen in episode 11 and sacrificed in episode 12) 
 Makyura the Destructor  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Dark Jeroid  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Lekunga  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Alex's Follower #2's Monsters :
 
 Total Defense Shogun  (first seen in episode 11 and sacrificed in episode 12) 
 Manticore of Darkness  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Big-Tusked Mammoth  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Alex's Follower #3's Monsters :
 
 Reflect Bounder  (first seen in episode 11 and sacrificed in episode 12) 
 Demoness Knight  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Alex's Follower #4's Monsters :
 
 Firewing Pegasus  (first seen in episode 11 and sacrificed in episode 12) 
 Stealth Bird  (first seen and destroyed in episode 11) 
 Episodes 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episode listing 
 Duel Monsters  Featured 
 Throughout  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters , several  Duel Monsters  from the original  Yu-Gi-Oh!  are featured.
 Labyrinth:
 
 Battle Ox 
 Jirai Gumo 
 Petit Moth 
 Cocoon of Evolution 
 Great Moth 
 Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth 
 Forest:
 
 Kamakiriman 
 Flower Wolf 
 Gokibore 
 Trent 
 Water:
 
 Root Water 
 High Tide Gyojin  (appears in episode 2 after "Root Water" evolves) 
 Island Turtle 
 Palace:
 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Neo Aqua Madoor 
 Ancient Lamp 
 Mountains:
 
 Kurama  and Kurama babies 
 Grave:
 
 Graveyard and the Hand of Invitation 
 The Wandering Doomed 
 Wood Remains 
 Desert:
 
 Mystical Sand 
 Medusa Worm 
 Temple:
 
 The Rock Spirit  (as a statue) 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit  (as a statue) 
 Aqua Spirit  (as a statue) 
 Spirit of Flames  (as a statue) 
 Floating Rock:
 
 Prisman 
 Skull Guardian 
 Cave:
 
 Yamatano Dragon Scroll  (turned into a map) 
 Voice credits 
 Dan Green  - Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi 
 Wayne Grayson  - Joey Wheeler, Shadi 
 Greg Abbey  - Tristan Taylor 
 Amy Birnbaum  - Tea Gardner 
 Maddie Blaustein  - Solomon Muto 
 Pete Zarustica  - Dr. Alex Brisbane, Alexander the Great 
 Other actors 
 Eric Stuart 
 Marc Thompson 
 Matthew Charles 
 David Wills 
 Michael Sinterniklaas 
 Sean Schemmel 
 Tony Salerno 
 Priscilla Everett 
 Jason Griffith 
 Suzanne Goldish 
 Marc Diraison 
 Bella Hudson 
 Kayzie Rogers 
 Jessica Calvello 
 Kelly Ray 
 Veronica Taylor 
 Notes 
 4Kids TV released a trailer for the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters  series during the  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Fast Forward  premiere.
 A full length movie titled  Yu-Gi-Oh!: Capsule Monsters  was released on DVD in the United States on May 23, 2006. This movie is a compilation of the first six episodes of the series, edited together to form a more seamless storyline. A second disc with the remaining six episodes was released later in the year. [3]  4Kids had hosted a free "screening" of the first disc on May 22, 2006 on the  yugioh.com  website. During the preview the movie in its entirety was shown, when all 6 episodes were shown together, it lasted approx. 90 min. This movie has deleted scenes from the movie and extensions of some scenes during the movie. The second DVD, part 2, was released on DVD September 12, 2006. According to the artwork, the full title is  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 2: Trial Of The True King .
 
 Trivia 
 There is a real-life collectible game based off of the game seen at the beginning of the show,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game . This is not to be confused with  Capsule Monster Chess  which debuted in early chapters of the original Yu-Gi-Oh! manga. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters, like all the other Yu-Gi-Oh! series, is on Hulu; however, the current print retains Fox's on-screen TV-Y7-FV rating bug, long after Fox stopped airing children's shows. It is also not treated as its own series, but as part of the second series anime's season 5, in between the Grand Championship and Dawn of the Duel. This is also the case with the Complete Fifth Season DVD Release (the original Capsule Monsters DVDs, and most Yu-Gi-Oh! English dub DVDs, ironically carried a TV-Y rating, which Hulu uses for the show). 
 Despite never airing in Japan, and apparently not having a Japanese version, this miniseries is included on Studio Gallop's website with the title "Yu-Gi-Oh! ALEX."  [4] 
 These episodes have the same animation style as the franchise's next anime series,  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , indicating that they may have been produced back-to-back. 
 References 
 
 ↑   RTE Guide, 28 January - 3 February 2006 edition 
 
 ↑   [1] 
 
 ↑   [2] 
 
 ↑   http://www.anime-gallop.co.jp/works-5.htm 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 characters 
 bunkōban 
 volumes 
 Subseries 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Duelist 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Millennium World 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Spin-offs 
 R 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 GX 
 chapters 
 5D's 
 chapters 
 ZEXAL 
 chapters 
 D Team 
 ARC-V 
 chapters 
 The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 chapters 
 SEVENS 
 chapters 
 Luke! Legend of Exploding Military Rule!! 
 
 Anime 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 characters 
 cards 
 episodes 
 VHS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  ( Duel Monsters ) 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 DVD 
 Capsule Monsters 
 episodes 
 Films 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Pyramid of Light 
 VS. GX   (canceled) 
 Bonds Beyond Time 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Spin-offs 
 GX 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5D's 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ZEXAL 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ARC-V 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 VRAINS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 
 Storylines 
 Manga 
 School 
 Death-T 
 Monster World 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Battle City 
 Tournament Finals 
 King's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 TRANSCEND GAME 
 Anime 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Domino City Battles 
 Battle City (part 1) 
 Virtual World 
 Battle City (part 2) 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Grand Championship 
 Pharaoh's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Plot elements 
 Millennium Items 
 Egyptian Gods 
 Wicked Gods 
 Orichalcos 
 Legendary Dragons 
 Games 
 Bandai's Official Card Game 
 Konami's  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 
 Official Card Game 
 Trading Card Game 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Digital Pets 
 Dragon Cards 
 Monster World 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Capsule Monsters Video games 
 Others 
 Earth 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Solid Vision 
 Dueling Arena 
 KaibaCorp 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Yu-Gi-OhCapsuleMonsters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131217232817', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/Armor_of_Unity.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180725183220']
Categories: Anime series