Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Active_Guard


 Active Guard 
 Gallery 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 In  episode 165 ,  Valon  uses this card during his Duel against  Rebecca Hawkins  and  Duke Devlin . He Summons it via " Armored Gravitation ". Valon then uses " Big Bang Blow " to attack " Diamond Head Dragon ", but Rebecca activates " Mirror Force " to destroy all of Valon's monsters. However Valon then uses the effect of " Trap Buster " to negate the effect of "Mirror Force" and destroy it. Valon then uses this card's effect to nullify the damage he would take this turn. "Diamond Head Dragon" then destroys "Big Bang Blow", but this activates the effect of "Big Bang Blow", destroying all monsters on the field and inflicting damage to all players equal to the total ATK of each monster they controlled. As Valon used the effect of this card, only Duke and Rebecca take and that wins Valon the Duel. 
 In  episode 169 , Valon uses this card during his Duel against  Joey Wheeler . He Special Summons this card via "Armored Gravitation". " Big Bang Blow " then attacks " Alligator's Sword " and Valon uses this card's effect to nullify the damage he would take this turn. "Alligator's Sword then destroys "Big Bang Blow, but  Valon activates the effect of "Big Bang Blow" to destroy all monsters on the field and inflict damage to both players equal to the ATK of their destroyed monsters. In  the next episode , Valon summons another copy via " Full Armor Gravitation ". This card then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos ". In  the following episode , this card, "Psychic Armor Head", " Buster Pyle ", and " Over Boost " are destroyed by the effect of " Rocket Hermos Cannon ", but Valon uses this card's effect to reduce the effect damage he would have received to 0. In  the next episode , Valon revives this card via " Phoenix Gravitation ". This card then gained 500 ATK due to "The Seal of Orichalcos". Later " Burning Knuckle " attacks Joey's "Player Token", but Joey activates the effect of " Big Bang Dragon Blow " to destroy all of Valon's monsters and inflict their combined ATK as damage to him, winning Joey the duel.
 In the third above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback Joey has when he remembers how the effect of " Active Guard " works. 
 In  episode 183 , this card appears in a flashback that Valon has while trapped within the Great Leviathan when he remembers Dueling against Joey and being pushed to his limits by Joey's fighting spirit as well as Joey's finishing move to the Duel. 
 In  episode 184 , this card appears in a flashback Valon when he remembers Joey dealing the final blow in their Duel against each other. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances