Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lucas_Swank


 
 Lucas Swank 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Lucas Swank 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Gallagher 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ギャラガー 
 
 
 Korean name  
 갤러거 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Promoter [1] 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Dennis Carnegie 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuto Nakano [1] 
 
 
 
 Lucas Swank , known as  Gallagher  in the Japanese version, is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He calls himself a 'promoter' for  Duelists  and operates the  Synchro Dimension 's  Underground Dueling Arena  and  Underground Labor Facility .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Lucas is a dark-skinned man with dark hair which has a blond line of hair running through it horizontally across his head above his ears, which are pierced with multiple rings. He wears a white fur-lined coat over a black collared shirt decorated with purple flower symbols, golden sunglasses and a collection of golden rings, the rings on his index finger being set with red stones. He also wears a blue flower necklace.
 
 Personality 
 Although he is associated with the  Underground Dueling Arena  illegal gambling Duels, Lucas appears to have a genuine interest in strong  Duelists , though whether this is due to monetary interests is unknown. He is shown to be somewhat prideful, referring to himself as a "great promoter" and was irked to the point of physical methods when  Gong Strong  questioned the validity of his claim that he knew where to find strong Duelists.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Lucas often refers to himself in the third person to emphasize his status, using a similar terminology to  Gong Strong , calling himself, "this great promoter, Gallagher", in the Japanese version ("The Sultan of Swank" in the dub). In the dub, he often nicknames different characters, calling  Shay  "Shay Baby" and  Dennis  "Dashing Dennis."
 
 Biography 
 History 
 After  Jean-Michel Roget 's ascent to the position of  Sector Security  Director, he developed a partnership with Lucas; Lucas would identify strong  Duelists  in the  Underground Dueling Arena  and the  Underground Labor Facility  to send to Roget. In return, Roget would alert Lucas when a Security raid would happen, allowing Lucas to escape. On one occasion,  Sergey Volkov  arrived in the Labor Facility and defeated fifty Duelists. Lucas immediately sent for Roget and Sergey was accepted into Roget's service. [2] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
       Lucas observing  Dennis  and  Gong 's Duel.     
 When  Dennis McField  talked  Gong Strong  into Dueling him when they reached the  Synchro Dimension  separated from the other  Lancers , Lucas observed their Duel from his car and was surprised to see Dennis  Xyz Summon , as it was a new Summoning being used by  Shay Obsidian , a new Duelist in the  Underground Dueling Arena . When they finished and their audience left, he went up to the duo and proposed them to come with him, intending to bring them to the Underground Dueling Arena to "fight some strong  Duelists ". [1]  When Gong questioned whether there would be strong Duelists in the place that Lucas was taking them to, Lucas was offended and dragged the boys into the elevator. He showed them Shay Turbo Dueling  Hunter Pace  and explained where they were. Later, when he took them to meet Shay, he learned that they were comrades. He was confused when the group mentioned "Lancers" and " different dimensions ", but Dennis evasively claimed it was nothing. Lucas explained  Turbo Duels  and the  Friendship Cup  to the Lancers, and when Dennis got excited, Lucas set him up to Turbo Duel Shay, as he had a good feeling about Dennis. Lucas provided the match commentary, urging the crowd to bet their money on Dennis, and when Dennis  Pendulum Summoned , Lucas dramatically introduced the Summoning technique to the crowd. [3]  Before the Duel could end,  Sector Security  arrived and Lucas fled, having been pre-warned by  Jean-Michel Roget . [4] 
 Lucas later appeared in the  Underground Labor Facility  before  Officer 227 , who had been defeated by the resident Duelists. He commented that 227 hadn't understood the rules and claimed superiority as an ex- Topsiders , but was worthless. Gong and  Chojiro Tokumatsu  ordered him to stop. Lucas explained his business in the Underground to them and that of  Sergey Volkov , at the same time informing them of the rumors Roget was 'from another world', in addition to the rules of the underground.  Sylvio Sawatari  arrived and accepted the challenge to leave the underground. [2] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 After watching the inmates cause a riot, Lucas decided to help quell them. He used a mining cart to capture some of the inmates and tried to do the same with Shay, Sylvio, and  Moon Shadow  but crashed into the electric gate. Lucas returned to Duel them but was stopped by Officer 227 and his fellow former officers, allowing Shay, Sylvio, and Moon Shadow to escape. [5]  Lucas would be arrested and was riding in a squad car with the former  Duel Chasers  following Yuya and Jack's  Turbo Duel . [6] 
 
 Deck 
 No cards in Lucas' Deck have been shown, but he claims to use a  Forbidden Super Crazy Evil Deluxe Gorgeous Ultra Rare Deck™ .
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Gallager.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150531190222', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Gallager_Watching_Dennis_And_Gong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150528120339']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters