Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mayakashi


 
 Mayakashi 
 魔妖 「 まやかし 」  ( Mayakashi ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Oboro-Guruma ", " Gashadokuro ", " Yoko " and " Tengu " in the artwork of " Mayakashi Metamorphosis " (they appear to be in the process of their transformation) 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Mayakashi 
 
 
 German 
 Mayakashi 
 
 
 Italian 
 Mayakashi 
 
 
 Korean 
 마요괴   Mayogoe   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mayakashi 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Mayakashi 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Dark Neostorm Ignition Assault 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Hidden Summoners Savage Strike Special Edition Duel Overload 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles Magnificent Mavens 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Hidden Summoners 20th Secret Rare Challenge Pack LINK VRAINS Pack 3 World Premiere Pack 2020 Secret Shiny Box 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Mayakashi " ( 魔 妖   Mayakashi ) is an  archetype  of  Zombie  monsters with various  Attributes  (primarily  EARTH  and  WATER ) revolving around Synchro Summoning that debuted in  Deck Build Pack: Hidden Summoners  in the  OCG  and in  Hidden Summoners  in the  TCG  .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Members 
 
 
 2   Playing Style 
 3   Weaknesses 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 The members of this archetype are based on  yōkai  from Japanese folklore and from Chinese mythology. The Main Deck monsters appear to be the humanoid form of the Synchro Monsters of the same kind of "Mayakashi" (e.g. " Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi " transforms into " Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi ").
 The name "Mayakashi" perhaps derives from  ayakashi , on which the Japanese name of " Shiranui Squiresaga " is also based.
 It may also be relevant that まやかし (mayakashi) is a Japanese word with meaning including "counterfeit, fake, deception". Japanese folklore contains many stories about magical beings who can take on human form, mirroring the link between this archetype's Main Deck monsters and their Extra Deck counterparts.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Attribute
 
 Main Deck "Mayakashi"
 
 Origin
 
 Extra Deck counterpart(s)
 
 Origin
 
 
   EARTH 
 
 Shafu 
 
 Rickshaw 
 
 Oboro-Guruma 
 
 Oboroguruma 
 
 
 Tsukahagi 
 
 Yatsukahagi 
 
 Tsuchigumo 
 
 Tsuchigumo 
 
 
   WIND 
 
 Hajun 
 
 Hajun / Mara 
 
 Tengu 
 
 Tengu 
 
 
   FIRE 
 
 Dakki 
 
 Daji 
 
 Yoko 
 
 Kyubi / Huli jing 
 
 
   DARK 
 
 Yasha 
 
 Yaksha 
 
 Gashadokuro 
 
 Gashadokuro 
 
 
   WATER 
 
 Yuki-Musume 
 
 Yuki-onna 
 
 Yuki-Onna  and  Absolute Zero 
 
 Yuki-onna 
 
 
   LIGHT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Playing Style 
 The main strategy of this archetype is to rapidly climb through the Synchro Summons, from Level 3 to 11, and then climb down again, by reviving one Synchro after the other. The lynchpin of this mechanic is the effect of " Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi ". It can be easily Special Summoned by " Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi ", enabling the first Synchro Summon. The said Synchro Monsters are  side-unique  and have 2 effects, following the pattern below: 
 ● If your Synchro Monster whose original Level is [two Levels higher than its own original Level] is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. 
 ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can [...] 
 The only exception to the first effect is " Gashadokuro, the Skeletal Mayakashi ", a Level 11 monster that requires a Link monster to be destroyed, instead. The archetype in fact has a Link monster, the Link-2 " Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi ", that cannot be targeted for attacks while pointing to a Synchro Monster and that halves the ATK/DEF of a monster when a Synchro Monster is destroyed by the opponent.
 The second Trigger Effect of the "Mayakashi" monsters range from immunity against destruction/effects to card destruction and Deck milling. They can be used by being preemptively Special Summoned from the Graveyard by generic effects such as " Book of Life ", " Mezuki ", and " Call of the Haunted ", for example, or by " Mayakashi Metamorphosis ". The two latter can be used to disrupt the opponent's plays, by Special Summoning the "Mayakashi" during their turn. Also, if their second effect is triggered by their own  condition , they can be combined with " Shiranui " monsters, that can have their effects triggered when banished, especially " Shiranui Spiritmaster ".
 “ Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi ” adds more versatility and consistency to the deck, as she makes it easier to quickly link summon “ Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi ” and continue climbing the Synchro ladder. In addition to that, her effect to send any Zombie of your choice from your deck to the GY once she’s special summoned from your hand or GY means that cards like “ Doomking Balerdroch ”, “ Glow-Up Bloom ”, and “ Necroworld Banshee ” are now more realistic options for the deck, and also allow a “ Zombie World ” engine to be more viable. 
 “ Mayakashi Winter ” also helps with the OTK strategy by reducing the ATK of your opponent’s monsters, and it helps that multiple copies will stack on top of each other while on the field. Usually when you’re done climbing the Synchro ladder, you’re left with a “ Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi ” on the field that’s not doing anything so you can use this card’s effect to send it to the GY to draw a new card. 
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yasha, the Skeletal Mayakashi 
 Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi 
 Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi 
 Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi 
 Beast of the Pharaoh 
 Doomking Balerdroch 
 Elemental Grace Doriado 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gozuki 
 Hela, Generaider Boss of Doom 
 Jack-o-Bolan 
 Mezuki 
 Necroworld Banshee 
 Samurai Skull 
 Shiranui Solitaire 
 Shiranui Spiritmaster 
 Soul-Absorbing Bone Tower 
 Vampire Fraulein 
 Zombie Master 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi 
 Tsukahagi, the Poisonous Mayakashi 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Glow-Up Bloom 
 Shiranui Spectralsword 
 Shinobi Necro 
 Uni-Zombie Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Oboro-Guruma, the Wheeled Mayakashi 
 Tsuchigumo, the Poisonous Mayakashi 
 Tengu, the Winged Mayakashi 
 Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi 
 Gashadokuro, the Skeletal Mayakashi 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Link Monsters 
 Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi 
 Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi 
 Yuki-Onna, the Icicle Mayakashi 
 Avendread Savior 
 Vampire Sucker 
 Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript 
 Mayakashi Return 
 Mayakashi Winter 
 Book of Life 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Call of the Mummy 
 Foolish Burial 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Pot of Acquisitiveness 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Reasoning 
 Super Polymerization 
 Synchronized Realm 
 Zombie Necronize 
 Zombie Power Struggle 
 Zombie World 
 Traps 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Masterful Mayakashi Shiranui Saga 
 Mayakashi Mayhem 
 Mayakashi Metamorphosis 
 Fateful Hour 
 Gravity Collapse 
 Haunted Shrine 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash 
 Vendread Revolution 
 Weaknesses 
 While it seems that rapid Synchro Summoning in one turn is great since it could bring the 3300-ATK "Gashadokuro" on the field easily, the Synchro Monsters actually unlock their full abilities when they are Special Summoned from the Graveyard; in other words, their existence on the field after their initial Synchro Summon is nothing but as monsters that rely on their ATKs only. Cards that shut down the Graveyard, such as " Necrovalley " and " Soul Drain " are obvious threats to this Deck and one-shot options such as " Called by the Grave ", " Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion " and " D.D. Crow " can also be used against it.
 The narrow variety of effects can also be a problem, as most Decks nowadays benefit from having their cards destroyed (" Tengu ", " Yoko ") or their Main Deck milled (" Tsuchigumo "), rendering the opponent still able to rebuild their strategy or even benefit from the effect of the "Mayakashi" monsters.
 " Kaiju " monsters and similar removal mechanics, that bypass the requirement of the Synchro/Link Monsters to be  destroyed , can also be an efficient way to avoid the Synchro monsters lurking in the Graveyard, waiting for the on-field monster to be destroyed, leaving the player with no option to Special Summon them and trigger their effects, unless they have cards like "Call of the Haunted", "Mezuki" or "Book of Life", which in turn could still be countered by the likes of "Called by the Grave". “ Zombie World ” can help alleviate this problem as it prevents both players from tribute summoning monsters unless they’re Zombie types. 
 Popular forms of non-targeting and non-destruction removal can also prove to be fatal, as a card like “ Knightmare Unicorn ” can bypass their activation conditions by shuffling the monster back into the extra deck. “ Doomking Balerdroch ” can help counter this situation however. A card like “ Evenly Matched ” can also devastate the deck by forcing you to banish the cards face down instead.
 
 Trivia 
 In terms of lore, the "Mayakashi" are related to the " Shiranui " archetype:
 The shrine that appears in the artwork of " Mayakashi Return " is the same as in the artwork of " Shiranui Style Samsara ". 
 " Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi " appears in the artwork of " Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story " alongside " Shiranui Squire ", presumably inside the said shrine. 
 " Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi " and " Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy " also appear to be engaging a fight in the artwork of " Fateful Hour ". 
 " Shiranui Solitaire " bears a strong resemblance with " Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi ". 
 " Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy ", " Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi " and " Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi " appear to be fighting in “ Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript ”.
 The latter card shows the Yuki-Onna’s transformation into “ Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi ”. 
   
" Mayakashi " 「 魔 妖 」 Members 
 Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi Gashadokuro, the Skeletal Mayakashi Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi Oboro-Guruma, the Wheeled Mayakashi Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi Tengu, the Winged Mayakashi Tsuchigumo, the Poisonous Mayakashi Tsukahagi, the Poisonous Mayakashi Yasha, the Skeletal Mayakashi Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Icicle Mayakashi 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Masterful Mayakashi Shiranui Saga Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript Mayakashi Mayhem Mayakashi Metamorphosis Mayakashi Return Mayakashi Winter 
 Support 
 Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi Tsukahagi, the Poisonous Mayakashi Yasha, the Skeletal Mayakashi Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Masterful Mayakashi Shiranui Saga Mayakashi Mayhem Mayakashi Metamorphosis Mayakashi Return Mayakashi Winter 
 Related 
 Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy Shiranui Solitaire Shiranui Squire 
 Fateful Hour Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story Shiranui Style Samsara 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/MayakashiMetamorphosis-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191006182010', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/EARTH.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/WIND.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20170920205028', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/FIRE.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053839', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)