Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Genex_Tournament

This article is about the tournament. For the arc which was called "Genex Tournament" in the dub, see  Society of Light (arc) .      
 The  Genex Tournament , or GX tournament (not to be mistaken by the archetype  Genex ), was an event created by  Chancellor Sheppard  during  Jaden 's second year at  Duel Academy . It showed Duelists such as  Prince Ojin  (a prince who lost his country's  Satellite Cannon  to  Sartorius  after being subjected to a "Zero Turn Kill"), a reappearance by  Blair  (a young Duelist appearing at Duel Academy with the hope of winning the tournament and getting into  Slifer Red ),  Lucien Grimley  (a Duelist from North Academy who sold his soul to  The Grim Reaper  in exchange for drawing power),  Franz  (an ex-card designer/Duelist who lost his job to  Chumley  and afterwards appeared at  Duel Academy  with a copy of " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", only to get beaten by Jaden),  Gelgo  (a pro Duelist who got beaten by Chazz's  White Knight  deck). and many others.  Chazz  was eventually declared the champion of the Genex tournament after narrowly defeating a disguised  Blair Flannigan .
 
 Genex Medallion 
 Main article:  Genex Medallion 
       Genex Medallion       Genex Medallions , known in Japan as  Genex Medals  are the tokens for how many wins a Duelist has in the Genex tournament. Chazz Princeton won the tournament by collecting all of these trinkets.
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Franchise 
 Anime 
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Manga 
 Volumes 
 Chapters 
 Movies 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VS. GX  (canceled) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Card Almanac 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Anime storylines 
 Seven Stars 
 Society of Light 
 Dimension World 
 Darkness 
 Plot elements 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Duel Academy 
 Shadow Riders 
 Sacred Beasts 
 Pro League 
 Society of Light 
 The Light of Destruction 
 Genex Tournament 
 Survival Duels 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 World of Darkness 
 Cyber Style 
 
 v e 
 Duel Monsters  tournaments Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 United States The King of Duelists 
 Japanese National Championship 
 Regional Championship 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Battle City 
 Fall Cup Duel Project 
 Grand Championship 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Battle City V2 
 Original Tournament 
 Industrial Illusions Tournament 
 Duel Cosplay Tournament 
 Genex Tournament 
 Duel for Jewels 
 Pair Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Atlantis Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 D1 Grand Prix  (manga) 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Domino Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 National Duel Circuit 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Friendship Games 
 Couples Duel tournament 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Arc League Championship 
 Friendship Cup 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/GenexMedal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20070618181940']
Categories: Tournaments