Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Alligator%27s_Sword_Dragon


 Alligator's Sword Dragon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Battle City 
 1.2   Virtual World 
 
 
 2   Scripted Duels 
 3   Video Games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Battle City 
 In  episode 69 ,  Joey Wheeler  uses this card during his Duel against  Mako Tsunami . He  Special Summons  this card via " Polymerization ". On Joey's next turn, this card attacks directly via its own  effect . On Joey's next turn, he uses this card to attack directly again, but Mako activates " Tornado Wall " to nullify the  damage  he would have taken. Later " The Legendary Fisherman " attacks this card, but Joey activates " Energy Drain " to reduce the  ATK  of "The Legendary Fisherman" to 0 and draw one card, however "The Legendary Fisherman" was unaffected by the effect of "Energy Drain" via its own effect. "The Legendary Fisherman" then destroys this card. 
 In  episode 74 , this card appeared within some of the small clips that were shown going through a black background before we see a montage of Joey's Battle City Duels. 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 108 , this card appears in a flashback explained by  Leichter  when he reminds  Seto Kaiba  that his birthday gift from  Gozaburo Kaiba  was where all the mistakes made by Seto himself began. 
 Scripted Duels 
 In the non-canon duel  YCS Providence 2012 Special: Mai, Joey and Yugi vs. Pegasus and Bakura , Joey Fusion Summons this card in  Attack Mode  against  Maximillion Pegasus  via "Polymerization", using "Alligator's Sword" and "Baby Dragon" from his  hand . The next turn, it is  destroyed by battle  by Pegasus' " Toon Gemini Elf ".
 Arthur Hawkins ' commentary implies that "Alligator's Sword Dragon" can only  attack directly  via its effect if the only opposing monsters are  EARTH , as Hawkins says "Alligator's Sword Dragon" could not attack directly while Pegasus  controlled  the WATER " Toon Mermaid ". This is ironic, as "Alligator's Sword Dragon's" only appearance in the anime attacked directly with its effect while its opponent controlled solely WATER monsters. 
 In the non-canon duel  North American WCQ 2012 Special: Joey vs. Kaiba , Joey Fusion Summons this card via "Polymerization", using "Alligator's Sword" on the field and "Baby Dragon" from his hand. The same turn, it attacks  Seto Kaiba  directly while Kaiba controlled " Battle Ox ". The next turn, Kaiba takes control of this card via " Enemy Controller ". Kaiba then  Tributes  this card and "Battle Ox" for the  Tribute Summon  of " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". Later, Kaiba  banishes  this card from the  Graveyard  with the effect of " Soul Demolition ", and this card's banishment increases Kaiba's Life Points by 500 due to his " Soul Absorption ". On the last turn, Joey Special Summons this card from the  Banished  Zone in  Defense Mode  due to Kaiba's " Dimension Fusion ". This card remains on the field until the Duel was over. 
 In the non-canon duel  YCS Origins 2016 Special: Joey vs. Pegasus , this card can be seen in Joey's  Extra Deck . 
 Video Games 
 Corse  has this card in his deck in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia . 
 Joey Wheeler  uses this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances