Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Blue-Eyes_White_Dragon


 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Anime Bandai Bandai Bandai Sealdass Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Notes 
 1.2   Pre-Duelist Kingdom Arc 
 1.3   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.4   Post Duelist Kingdom 
 1.5   Battle City 
 1.6   Virtual World 
 1.7   Battle City Finals 
 1.8   Waking the Dragons 
 1.9   Grand Championship 
 1.10   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 2.1   Anime 
 2.2   Manga 
 
 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 5   Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 6   Video games 
 7   Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 8   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 9   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 10   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 11   Scripted Duels 
 12   Notes and References 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Notes 
 In Yu-Gi-Oh!, this card is the signature card of  Seto Kaiba . Much of his deck centers around ways of quickly summoning it; indeed, even his private jet is modeled around the dragon. 
 Kaiba has a great fondness for these cards, going so far as to place statues of them in front of buildings that he owns, model many buildings and rides in Kaibaland USA after them, and even design his own private jet to look like them. 
 Its attack name is  White Lightning  in the dub and  Destruction Burst Stream  in the original.
 When powered up by the anime-only effect of " Mystical Elf ", its attack is called  Obliterate  in the dub and  Holy Burst Stream  in the original. 
 Pre-Duelist Kingdom Arc 
 When this card first appeared, it was famous for the fact that only four of them were ever printed.  Yugi Muto 's grandfather,  Solomon Muto  had one of them and when Kaiba saw it, he attempted to buy it, but was refused. Kaiba later stole the card from Yugi, and used it in a shadow game with  Yami Yugi . Towards the end of the duel, he slips this card onto the top of his deck, and attempts to use it to destroy Yugi's " Summoned Skull ", but the dragon refuses, as it belongs to Yugi's grandpa. The dragon destroyed itself upon the command, and Yugi resurrected it with " Monster Reborn " to attack Kaiba directly, winning the duel. 
 By Kaiba's next appearance (in the DEATH-T arc), he has the remaining three copies of this card all in his deck (acquired by illegal means). Confident of his deck, he challenged Solomon to a duel, and although Solomon drew his "Blue-Eyes" first, Kaiba destroyed it with his own three "Blue-Eyes", winning the duel. Afterwards, he tears the card in half so that it cannot ever be used against him, as a duelist can only have three copies of any card in his deck. 
 When Kaiba duels Yugi at the final battlefield of DEATH-T, he summons one of these to destroy Yugi's " Gaia The Fierce Knight ". He later summons the other two to destroy " Horn Imp " and " Dark Magician ". All three were destroyed when Yugi summoned " Exodia ". 
 In  episode 1 , Kaiba learned that  Solomon Muto  had the fourth Blue-Eyes card he was searching for after hearing a conversation that Yugi and Joey were having. He tried to buy the card, but Solomon refused. Kaiba then challenged Solomon to a duel and defeated him. Later Yugi and his friends learned about this and found Solomon badly injured from the duel. To the horror of Yugi, Solomon, and Yugi's friends, Kaiba tore up the fourth "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card in front of their eyes, as he believes this way no "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" could ever be used against him. Later Kaiba uses this card in his duel against  Yami Yugi . After Kaiba summons this card, he uses this card to attack and destroy " Gaia The Dragon Fierce Knight ". He would then use this card to destroy " Horn Imp " and " Beaver Warrior " on the next two turns before he summons a second copy of this card. Yugi then activates " Swords of Revealing Light " to keep both copies from attacking for three turns. Kaiba would later summon his last copy to the field. The last copy then attacks and destroys Yugi's " Dark Magician ". On the End Phase, the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" expires. Yugi would then gather all five pieces of Exodia and summon  Exodia . Exodia then attacks and destroys all three copies, winning Yugi the Duel.
 In the  Uncut  edition of the anime released by 4Kids, the attack is called  Burst Stream of Destruction . 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 In  episode 8 , this card can be seen as the bottom card of Kaiba's Deck when Pegasus' goons check to make sure it is the Deck that Pegasus was talking about. They then take the Deck and give it to Ghost Kaiba for his Duel against  Yugi Muto .
 Three copies of this card are also shown in a flashback Kaiba has when he remembers losing to Yugi and Yugi claiming that he needs to put his heart into his cards and the game to win against him. 
 In  episode 9 ,  Ghost Kaiba  uses this card during his Duel against Yugi. After Ghost Kaiba summoning this card, Yugi tries to switch his "Dark Magician" into Defense Position and summon " Curse of Dragon " in Defense Position, but Ghost Kaiba activates " Defense Paralysis " to switch Yugi's monsters into Attack Position. This card then attacks and destroys Yugi's "Curse of Dragon". Yugi then activates " Magical Hats " to hide his "Dark Magician" within one of four hats. This card then attacks a hat. In  the next episode , the hat is revealed to be empty. On the imposter's next turn, he uses this card to attack another hat, but this hat is revealed to contain " Spellbinding Circle " which immobilizes this card and reduces its ATK by 700. Yugi then released his "Dark Magician" from the hat it was hiding in. "Dark Magician" then attacks and destroys this card. The impostor Kaiba then summons a second copy and uses it to attack and destroy "Dark Magician". The real Kaiba then hacks into the duel's hologram computers and started to decrease its ATK shortly when it was Ghost Kaiba's turn again, but only managed to reduce its ATK to 2000 due to Pegasus's intervention. This card then attacks Yugi's " Feral Imp ", but before the attack hits, Kaiba called out to Yugi as he did not want Yugi to lose to an imposter of himself. This card heard the call of its true master too and as such shattered itself, leaving the impostor with an empty field. The third copy was eventually summoned after a few turns. This card then attacks " Mystical Elf ", but Yugi activates " Mirror Force " to destroy all Attack Position monsters the imposter controls, however the imposter activates " Negate Attack " to negate the attack and end the Battle Phase. Yugi then activates " Mosnter Reborn " to revive one of the imposters' copies onto his side of the field. Yugi then activates the effect of "Mystical Elf" to transfer its ATK to his copy, raising its ATK to 4100. Yugi's copy then attacks and destroys the impostor's copy, winning Yugi the duel. After the Duel, Yugi takes Kaiba's Deck with him and notes in his mind that Kaiba helped him defeat the imposter.
 In the first above-mentioned episode, three copies of this card are shown in a flashback Kaiba has when he tells his computer that Yugi has Exodia which should be more than enough to beat Pegasus. After remembering Yugi using Exodia against him, Kaiba becomes angered at his loss. However the computer states to Kaiba that Yugi lost his Exodia cards at some point before he got to Duelist Kingdom which shocks Kaiba. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears on Kaiba's computer as soon as he and the computer get inside arena 146 and find out that Yugi is dueling Ghost Kaiba who is using Kaiba's Deck. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in the computer's explanation when it explains how Yugi defeated the first copy of this card. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appeared on Pegasus' television screen while he was watching Yugi and Ghost Kaiba's duel unfold. After the virus Kaiba uploaded into the second "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" takes effect, Pegasus deduces the real Kaiba is alive. A remote terminal then stops the virus from reducing the ATK of the second copy by the time the virus removed 1000 ATK from the second copy. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card is shown at the bottom of Kaiba's Deck when Yugi is about to take it with him. 
 In  episode 16 , Yugi returns this card and the rest of Kaiba's Deck to Kaiba when he meets Yugi and his friends again. Kaiba later uses this card during his Duel against  Joey Wheeler . He summons this card on the last turn of the Duel. This card then attacks and destroys " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", defeating Joey.
 Three copies of this card are also shown in a flashback Kaiba has when he remembers Yugi using Exodia to wipe out his three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and win the Duel. Yugi claimed in said flashback that Kaiba lost due to playing only for power. Kaiba thinks he should fight Yugi again, but he first must use his new Duel Disk system to defeat  Maximillion Pegasus . 
 In  episode 17 , this card appears within Joey's nightmare when he is being chased by this monster. Suddenly Kaiba appears in front of him and calls Joey a loser which Joey isn't happy about, but Kaiba continuously calls him this and Joey eventually finds himself wearing a dog suit. This continues until a dew drop lands on Joey's face and he wakes up. 
 In  episode 22 , this card was shown in Kaiba's hand during his Duel against Yami Yugi. In  the next episode , Yugi noticed that this card was in Kaiba's hand when he activates " The Eye of Truth ". Yugi wonders why Kaiba didn't play this card yet, but decides not to make this the current issue for the moment as he had to get rid of Kaiba's " La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp " and " Ancient Lamp ". Kaiba later summons this card. This card then attacks and destroys Yugi's " Griffore " (whose ATK was 1900 due it being equipped with " Horn of the Unicorn "). Kaiba later activates " Polymerization " to fuse all three copies together to Fusion Summon this " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ".
 In the first above-mentioned episode, three copies of this card appear within Kaiba's thoughts when he notes to himself that his true aim in this Duel is to summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, three copies of this card appear within Kaiba's thoughts when he notes his goal on fusing his three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" together to form "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". The only difficulty, according to Kaiba, would be drawing "Polymerization". 
 In  episode 26 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Maximillion Pegasus . Kaiba drew this card on his first turn, but chose not play it. Later Kaiba tries to summon this card, but Pegasus activates " Prophecy " and declares the monster Kaiba was about to summon had over 2000 ATK. Since Pegasus was correct, the summon is negated and this card is added to Pegasus's hand. In  the next episode , Pegasus summons this card. " Toon World " then transform this card into the " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon ". Kaiba later drew a second copy and summoned it. He then used this card to attack the "Toon Dragon", but the attack failed since "Toon" monsters can't destroyed by normal monsters. Pegasus then activates " Shine Palace " to increase the ATK of "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" by 500. "Toon Dragon" then attacks this card, but Kaiba activates "Negate Attack" to negate the attack. Kaiba then activates " Shadow Spell " to hold the "Toon Dragon" down and decrease its ATK by 700. This card then attacks and destroys the "Toon Dragon". Pegasus then activates " Dragon Capture Jar " to seal this card into it and increase the DEF of "Dragon Capture Jar" by this card's DEF. Later Pegasus summons " Dragon Piper " and planned to turn this card into a Toon Monster just like he did to Kaiba's previous copy. Kaiba then Flip Summons " Swordstalker " and uses it to attack "Dragon Piper", but Pegasus activates " Doppleganger " to copy the effect of " Crush Card ". "Swordstalker" then destroys "Dragon Piper", but this allows Pegasus to activate the effect of "Crush Card Virus", which destroys "Swordstalker" and every monster in Kaiba's Deck that had over 1500 ATK. 
 Post Duelist Kingdom 
 In  episode 41 ,  Rebecca Hawkins  demanded to  Solomon Muto  that she wants her grandfather's copy of this card back, believing he had stolen it and not believing him when he explains that  Arthur Hawkins  had given it to him as a gift.  Yugi Muto  and his friends had a problem with this as Kaiba destroyed it earlier after he defeated Solomon in a Duel. When Rebecca challenged Solomon to a duel,  Yugi Muto  declared he would duel her instead (as his grandfather just got out of the hospital). In  the next episode , Yugi surrenders the duel and Rebecca demands the card back. Solomon reluctantly showed it to her and (to her shock) she sees it is torn in half and is held back up with tape. Rebecca then believes that Solomon tore it in half, but Solomon tries to tell her he would never do such a thing, but Rebecca stubbornly refused to believe him until her grandfather appeared and told her to behave herself. Arthur made it clear that Solomon was telling the truth and Rebecca, realizing this, forgives him.
 In the first above-mentioned episode this card appeared in a flashback  Téa Gardner  has when she notes to Rebecca that there is a problem with giving Rebecca her grandfather's copy of this card back (the problem is explained above). 
 In  episode 43 , Kaiba entered his own virtual reality game to see if the game works. Upon encountering a " Two-Headed King Rex ", Kaiba summons this card and uses it to attack and destroy "Two-Headed King Rex". An " Armed Ninja " then ambushes Kaiba and activates "Dragon Capture Jar" to capture this card before capturing Kaiba. 
 In  episode 45 , Mokuba summons " Swordstalker " and uses it to free his brother. Kaiba then summons this card and uses it to attack and destroy " Witty Phantom ". A bunch of "Armed Ninjas" then tried to capture this card with the same "Dragon Capture Jar" from earlier, but Kaiba anticipates this by summoning " Trap Master " and using its effect to destroy the jar. This frees the copy that was trapped in the jar. The two dragons were used to destroyed all of the "Armed Ninjas". Later Kaiba summons this card during the battle against the Big Five's " Mythic Dragon ". This card and the other summoned dragons ("Red-Eyes B. Dragon", " Harpie's Pet Dragon ", "Curse of Dragon") then attack "Five-Headed Dragon", but it failed due to four of the "Five-Headed Dragon's" heads negating the attacks. After Mokuba was hit by "Five-Headed Dragon and was deleted, Kaiba activates "Polymerization" to fuse this card with two other copies and Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 Battle City 
 In  episode 54 , a Duel Machine that Kaiba designed uses this card during its Duel against Kaiba. It  Tribute Summons  this card by Tributing " Aqua Madoor " and " Wall of Illusion ". Due to Kaiba having a set card, the machine ends its turn. Kaiba then summons " Dragon Seeker " and intends to use its effect next turn. The robot then summons " Lord of Dragons " to prevent that from happening (as "Lord of Dragons" can prevent Dragon-type monsters from being targeted by card effects). On the computer's next turn, it activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon " to Special Summon two more copies from its hand. The computer then activates "Polymerization" to fuse all three copies together in order to Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 In  episode 55 , this card is shown as one of the many cards on the shop window that  Yugi Muto ,  Joey Wheeler , and  Tristan Taylor  gaze in awe at.
 Strangely this card appears in the shop window even though there should only be four copies of this card in existence (three belonging to Kaiba and one belonging to Solomon Muto).
 It is possible that this copy is a fake and just in the shop window on advertising grounds. 
 In  episode 56 , Kaiba shows this card to all of the Battle City participants when he explains the  Ante Rule  of Battle City. 
 In  episode 68 , Kaiba uses this card during his Tag Duel with Yugi against two Rare Hunters. He summons three copies of this card and a " Hyozanryu " through the effects of two copies of "The Flute of Summoning Dragon". Later Kaiba Tributes all three copies of this card in order to Tribute Summon " Obelisk the Tormentor ". 
 In  episode 71 , Kaiba uses this card during his Tag Duel with Yami Yugi against  Lumis and Umbra . He discards this card from his hand due to Yugi's " Card Destruction ". Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive this card. In  the next episode , this card attacks and destroys " The Masked Beast ". Yugi then reveals that " Beast of Gilfer " was one of the cards that he was forced to discard due to the effect of "Card Destruction". This activated the effect of "Beast of Gilfer", allowing Yugi to equip "Archfiend of Gilfer" to "The Masked Beast" and decrease its ATK by 500. Later Umbra attacks this card with "Rogue Doll". Lumis then activates " Mask of Weakness " to decrease this card's ATK by 700 until the End Phase. Lumis then activates " Mask of Brutality " to increase the ATK of "Rogue Doll" by 1000, but Yugi activates " Mystical Refpanel " to change the target of "Mask of Brutality" to this card. This card then destroys "Rogue Doll". At the End Phase, the effect of "Mask of Weakness" expires, decreasing this card's ATK to its original value. At the same time, "Mask of "Brutality" is destroyed due to the effect of "Mystical Refpanel". Kaiba then attacks Umbra directly with this card, but Umbra activates " Mask of Impregnability " to allow himself to take no damage from direct attacks this turn. In  the following episode , " Masked Beast Des Gardius " attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 78 , Kaiba remote controlled his chopper to go after the crane that was holding a large crate above  Téa Gardner  who was being held hostage by the  Rare Hunters . The Rare Hunter at the crane sees this and tries to hit the button on the remote that operates the crane, but Kaiba flung this card into the hand of the Rare Hunter, knocking the remote control for the bombs out of his hand. He tries to pick it up, but Kaiba lunges forward and knocks him out. The chopper then knocks the crate into the water, saving Téa. Kaiba takes this card out of the Rare Hunter's hand and notes that he is such a good drawer. 
 In  episode 93 , this card is shown in Kaiba's hand during his Duel against  Ishizu Ishtar . In  the next episode , Kaiba prepares to use "Obelisk the Tormentor" to attack directly (which would have allowed Ishizu to activate her set " Sacrifice's Blast "), but Kaiba see a vision from his past (which was due to the  Millennium Rod ) and this action convinces Kaiba to change his strategy. After Kaiba activates " Silent Doom " to Special Summon " Gadget Soldier " from the Graveyard, Kaiba Tributes "Obelisk the Tormentor" and "Gadget Soldier" in order to Tribute Summon this card. This action negates Ishizu's set "Sacrifice Blast". This card then attacks directly, winning Kaiba the duel. 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 98 , the Big Five used a virtual Kaiba to explain the Deck Master system. Virtual Kaiba chose this card as his Deck Master during his Duel against " Total Defense Shogun ". Virtual Kaiba then summons "Lord of Dragons" and activates "The Flute of Summoning Dragon" to summon two more copies of this card from his hand. Virtual Kaiba then moves this card to the field. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse the three copies together and Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". Since this card was used as an  Fusion Material Monster  for the Fusion Summon of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", it can attack the turn it is summoned (in Battle City, Fusion Monsters cannot attack on the turn they are summoned).
 Three copies of this card also appear in a flashback Kaiba has when he recognizes  the Big Five  as the same people who trapped him in his own virtual reality game. 
 In  episode 109 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Leichter . He  Tribute Summons  this card via the Deck Master ability of "Lord of D." by paying 500 Life Points and Tributing " Possessed Dark Soul " and a set monster. This card then attacks and destroys Leichter's " Satellite Cannon " (as "Satellite Cannon" has 0 ATK during the opponent's turn), winning Kaiba the duel. 
 In  episode 116 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Noah Kaiba . He Tribute Summons this card via the Deck Master Ability of " Kaiser Sea Horse " by Tributing " Different Dimension Dragon ". The summoning of this card then snapped Mokuba out of the trance he was under and he then returned to Seto's side. Kaiba then uses this card to attack and destroy " Gradius ". This destroys " Gradius' Option " as well since "Gradius" was removed from the field. On the last turn of the duel, Kaiba activates " Last Turn " so that the this card and Noah's " Shinato's Ark " would decide the victor of the match. This card then destroys "Shinato's Ark", but this releases " Shinato, King of a Higher Plane ", who became Noah's new Deck Master. "Shinato" then attacks and destroys this card. As per the effect of "Last Turn", Noah won the Duel by default.
 This card also appears in a flashback Kaiba has when he reminds Mokuba that after Gozaburo pushed him to his limits, he (Mokuba) inspired him by sneaking his Deck to him and giving him a drawing of this card which got him to promise himself that he will work until he got an actual version of this card. 
 In  episode 118 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against Noah. He revives this card via "Monster Reborn" (as the Duel was a continuation of Noah's Duel against Kaiba). Yami Yugi then activates "Polymerization" to fuse this card with the two other copies in his hand and Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". After "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" attacks and destroys " Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi " (with the help of " Quick Attack "), Yugi activates " De-Fusion " to return "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" to the Extra Deck and Special Summon all three copies of this card from the Graveyard. All three copies then attack directly. In  the next episode , the direct attacks wipe out the remainder of Noah's Life Points, winning Yami Yugi the duel.
 In the first above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback that Yugi has when he notes in his mind that Kaiba didn't waste time fighting while he was Dueling Noah. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback that Noah has when he questions himself if he really beated Seto back in their Duel and realizes that he did not truly defeated him. 
 In  episode 120 , this card is shown in a flashback sequence that Kaiba has after Gozaburo reminds him of his past experience with Exodia (which was his first Duel against Yugi which he lost because of Exodia). 
 In  episode 121 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Gozaburo Kaiba , He Tribute Summons this card by Tributing " Ancient Lamp " and "La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp". This card then attacks and destroys " Exodia Necross ", winning Kaiba the duel. 
 Battle City Finals 
 In  episode 122 , this card is shown in Kaiba's hand during the four way Duel between himself, Yami Yugi, Joey, and  Yami Marik . 
 In  episode 131 , two copies of this card are seen in a series of flashbacks Kaiba has when he notes to himself that he always feels excited when he Duels against Yugi. 
 In  episode 132 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against Yami Yugi. He activates " Cost Down " to lower this card's Level by two. He then Tribute Summons this card by Tributing a " Clone Token " that was created via " Cloning ". This card then attacks and destroys Yugi's " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ". Later, Kaiba summons "Lord of Dragons" to protect this card from Yugi's card effects. In  the next episode , Kaiba activates "The Flute of Summoning Dragon" to summon two more copies, but this also allows Yugi to Speical Summon "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". The first copy attacks Yugi's "Dark Magician", but Yugi activates " Magician's Selection " to negate the attack and destroy "Lord of Dragons". The second copy then attacks and destroys Yugi's " Beta The Magnet Warrior ". The third one attacks "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", but Yugi activates "Spellbinding Circle", paralyzing the third copy and decreasing its ATK by 700. "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" then attacks and destroys the weakened copy. In  the following episode , Kaiba activates "Monster Reborn" to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuses his three copies together and Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". On Kaiba's next turn, he uses "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" to attack Yugi's "Red-Eyes B. Dragon", but Yugi activates " Magic Formula " to increase the ATK of " Dark Paladin " by 500, but Kaiba activates " Absorb Spell " to transfer the bonus to "Blue-Eye Ultimate Dragon" and increase its ATK by 500. Yugi then activates "De-Fusion" to return "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" to the Extra Deck and Special Summon the three copies of this card from Kaiba's Graveyard to his side of the field. This increases the ATK of "Dark Paladin" to 4900 due to its own effect. "Dark Paladin" (empowered by " Diffusion Wave-Motion ") then attacks and destroys all three copies, winning Yugi the duel. 
 In  episode 135 , three copies of this card appear at the beginning of the episode when Yugi makes his winning move.
 Three copies of this card are also seen in a flashback Yugi has when he remembers that he couldn't have defeated Kaiba without Joey's help. 
 This card is also seen in a series of flashbacks that Yugi has when he notes to himself that his rivalry with Kaiba allowed him to fight harder and reach new heights. 
 In  episode 136 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against Joey. He activates " Cost Down " to lower this card's Level by 2 until the End Phase. Kaiba then Tribute Summons this card by Tributing " Tiny Guardian " (who Kaiba took control of via " Enemy Controller ") in order to Tribute Summon this card. This card then attacks directly, but Joey activates " Scapegoat " to summon four " Sheep Tokens ". A token then intercepts this card's attack, causing it to be destroyed. On Kaiba's next turn, this card attacks and destroys " Battle Warriro ". Later Joey activates " Graverobber " to steal Kaiba's "Enemy Controller" and activate its effect, destroying this card. Joey then activate "Monster Reborn" to resurrect this card under his control. This card then attacks and destroys Kaiba's " Blade Knight ". Kaiba was furious at Joey using his own monster against him and decided to make Joey pay for doing that. Later Kaiba Tributes "Kaiser Sea Horse" in order to Tribute Summon another copy ("Kaiser Sea Horse" counts as two tributes for the Tribute Summon of a LIGHT monster). The second copy then attacks Joey's copy, resulting in a  Double KO . Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive one copy. In  the next episode , this card attacks and destroys Joey's " Hayabusa Knight ", but Joey activates " Nutrient Z " to increase his Life Points by 4000 before the damage was subtracted from his Life Points. Joey later attempted to destroy this card with the effect of " Time Wizard ", but Kaiba activates " Interdimensional Matter Transporter " to remove this card from play. On Joey's End Phase, this card returns to the field. After " Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon " attacks and destroys " Thousand Dragon " (thanks to "Quick Attack"), this card attacks directly, defeating Joey.
 In the second above-mentioned episode, three copies of this card appear in a flashback that Kaiba has when he remembers Yugi beating him back at the tower and how he despised the fact that he lost to Yugi again. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in one of the two flashbacks that Mokuba has when he states to Kaiba that whatever Yugi and Joey said to Kaiba was true. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears when Ishizu tells Kaiba that the sorcerer that resembles him may have been the ancient pharaoh's rival, but he was also the pharaoh's friend. 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In  episode 149 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Alister  while the latter was disguised as Maximillion Pegasus. He Tribute Summons this card by Tributing " Spear Dragon " and a "Clone Token" created from the effect of "Cloning". Alister then activates " Toon Mask " to Tribute his " Toon Masked Sorcerer " and Special Summon " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon ". After Kaiba activates " Charm of Lamentation ", this card attacks "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" (whose ATK was 1500 due to " Shrink "), but the latter dodges the attack. Kaiba then uses the effect of "Charm of Lamentation" to draw a card. On Kaiba's next turn, this card attacks " Toon Dark Magician Girl ", but the attack misses again. Kaiba then uses the effect of "Charm of Lamentation" to draw a card. Kaiba then activates " A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon " to return this card to his hand and destroy " Toon World " (which causes "Toon Dark Magician Girl" to be destroyed with it since "Toon World" was destroyed). In  the next episode , Kaiba activates " White Dragon Ritual " to Tribute this card from his hand and Ritual Summon " Paladin of White Dragon ". Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive this card. After "Paladin of White Dragon" attacks and destroys " Pitch-Dark Dragon " (whose ATK was 1400 due to " The Seal of Orichalcos "), this card attacks and destroys " Gorlag " (whose ATK was 2500 due to its own effect and the effect of "The Seal of Orichalcos"). The fourth effect of "Gorlag" then activates, destroying " Versago the Destroyer ", Afterwards, Kaiba Tributes "Paladin of White Dragon" via its own effect to Special Summon a second copy of this card. Alister then activates " Aetonyx Flame " to destroy both copies and revive his "Gorlag" (who was once again powered up by "The Seal of Orichalcos" and its own effect). Alister then activates " Fire Whip " to Special Summon the two copies from Kaiba's Graveyard to his side of the field as FIRE monsters. This increases the ATK of "Gorlag" to 3000. The two copies then gained 500 ATK due to "The Seal of Orichalcos". Later Kaiba activates the effect of " Doom Virus Dragon " to destroy both copies of this card and "Gorlag". 
 In  episode 161 , this card is shown in a series of flashbacks that Joey has when he recalls all of the hardship that he endured in the past and explains to Rex that anybody who loses so many times should keep trying and never give up. 
 In  episode 167 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against Alister. He Tribute Summons this card by Tributing Alister's two " Robot Tokens " with the help of the effect of " Soul Exchange ". On Kaiba's next turn, this card attacks and destroys a "Robot Token". Later " Air Fortress Ziggurat " attacks this card, but Kaiba activates " Tyrant Wing ", equipping it to this card and increasing this card's ATK by 400. This card then destroys "Air Fortress Ziggurat". On the final turn of the Duel, Kaiba banishes " Tyrant Burst Dragon " and this card in order to Special Summon " Blue-Eyes Tyrant Dragon " 
 In  episode 173 , Kaiba and Mokuba get surrounded by Orichalcos soldiers. Kaiba then summons this card and uses it to destroy the soldiers. However more soldiers appear to join the fight. This card attacks the soldiers again, but more soldiers appear in their place. A soldier then grabs Mokuba and holds him captive. Kaiba then summons "The Fang of Critias" and then uses it to destroy the soldier holding Mokuba, saving him. The soldiers then close in, so Kaiba orders both his Dragons to attack. 
 In  episode 177 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel with Yami Yugi against  Dartz . He summons this card via the effect of "Paladin of White Dragon". Later Kaiba activates "Polymerization" to fuse this card with the two copies in his hand in order to Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 In  episode 184 , this card appears in a flashback Alister has when he remembers Kaiba declaring that he will save his brother from the plane crash and Kaiba dealing the final blow. 
 Grand Championship 
 In  episode 195 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Zigfried von Schroeder . When Zigfried activates the effect of " Goddess Skuld's Oracle " to see the top three cards of Kaiba's Deck, Kaiba reveals that he had all three copies of this card on top of his Deck much to Zigfried's shock. Zigfried then activates the effect of " Goddess Verdande's Guidance " and declares that Kaiba's top card Monster. Since Zigfried was correct, Kaiba had to Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. Zigfried then activates the effect of " Goddess Urd's Verdict " and declares that Kaiba's set monster is this card. Since Zigfried was correct, this card was banished. On Kaiba's Draw Phase, " Nibelung's Ring " forced Kaiba to draw two cards. Since he drew the other two copies of this card, Kaiba was forced to discard one. Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive this card. This card then attacks " Valkyrie Zweite ", but Zigfried destroys " Fortune Chariot " to prevent "Valkyrie Zweite" from being destroyed, but Zigfried still takes Battle Damage. On Kaiba's next turn, this card attacks " Valkyrie Brunhilde ", but Zigfried decreases the DEF of "Valkyrie Brunhilde" by 1000 to prevent its destruction. Zigfried then activates " Enchanted Sword Nothung ", which banishes this card from the field. Later Kaiba activates " Graceful Charity " to draw three cards and discard this card and " Cloning " from his hand. Kaiba then banishes this card and "Pitch-Dark Dragon" from the Graveyard  in order to Special Summon " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End ". On the final turn of the Duel, Kaiba activates " Dimension Fusion " to Special Summon " Luster Dragon #2 ", "Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End", and all three copies of this card from the  Banished  Zone. "Valkyrie Brunhilde" then gained 1500 ATK due to its effect. After "Valkyrie Brunhilde" destroyed "Luster Dragon 2" and "Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End" in battle (the latter being done after Zigfried activated the effect of "Valkyrie Brunhilde"), this card then attacks "Valkyrie Brunhilde", but Zigfried lowers the latter's DEF by 1000 in order to prevent its destruction, but Zigfried still takes Battle Damage from the attack. The second copy of this card then attacks and destroys "Valkyrie Brunhilde" since its DEF was now 0. The third copy then attacks directly, winning Kaiba the duel. 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 In  episode 200 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Bakura . He summons this card via "The Flute of Summoning Dragon". This card then attacks Bakura's " Diabound Kernel ", but Bakura activates " Spirit Shield " and uses the latter's effect to banish " Headless Knight " from the Graveyard and end the Battle Phase. After Bakura equips " Grief Tablet " onto "Lord of D." (thereby negating the effects of "Lord of Dragons"), Bakura activates the effect of his " Doppelganger Token " (who had the stats and effects of "Diabound Kernel") to equip it onto this card, decreasing its ATk by 1800. "Diabound Kernel" then attacks this card, but Kaiba activates " Attack Guidance Armor " to redirect the attack to "Lord of D.", destroying it instead. Kaiba later Tributes this card and " Vorse Raider " in order to Tribute Summon a second copy of this card. This card then attacks and destroys "Diabound Kernel". After Bakura revives his "Diabound Kernel" via " Rebirth Tablet ", he activates " Mirror Tablet " to increase the ATK of "Diabound Kernel" by half of this card's ATK and force this card to battle "Diabound Kernel". "Diabound Kernel" then destroys this card. Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive one of the two copies in his Graveyard, but Bakura (his mission to absorb this monster's attack power was now accomplished) left without finishing the duel.
 This card also appears within Kaiba's briefcase when he opens it up and takes his Duel Disk with him. 
 In  episode 202 , this card appears in a flashback Kaiba has when he remembers Yami Bakura giving him the  Millennium Eye  and telling him to bring it to Egypt. 
 In  episode 203 , Kaiba is shown in his office looking at this card, wondering about the fate of himself and this card. After seeing a vision of  Priest Seto  through the  Millennium Eye , he is convinced enough that he has to go to Cairo in order to get answers. 
 During this arc, this card is revealed to be the spirit of  Kisara , as well as the patron monster of the  Priest Seto  (who Kaiba is a reincarnation of), and is identified as the only monster whose power is greater than even the " Egyptian Gods ". Blue-Eyes is among the monsters that capable of inflicting real damage to Zorc. 
 Aknadin, while possessing Seto claims that the power of Blue-Eyes surpasses even Holactie, the combined form of the Egyptian Gods. However, this is likely untrue, given his mental instability and corruption at the moment. 
 In  episode 218 ,  Zorc Necrophades  manages to defeat this monster (who was the spirit of Kisara) and destroy it when Priest Seto tries to use this monster to defeat Zorc. Kaiba becomes so enraged at this that he confronts Zorc himself. Kaiba then summons this card and uses it to combat Zorc. Zorc however is unimpressed and claims his fate won't be any different. However Kaiba then pulls out two other copies of this card in order to have his three "Blue-Eyes" merge together (representing the souls of himself, the priest Seto, and Kisara) in order to form " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ". 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Anime 
 In  episode 21 , this card appeared in a flashback duel that  Gerard  had against an unknown opponent (very likely Seto Kaiba). This card attacked Gerard and this defeated him. Gerard blamed his loss on " Skyscraper " and stopped loving dueling as such, but after Gerard saw Jaden use this card in  the next episode  during his Duel against  Bastion Misawa , he regained his love for dueling and decided to move on from the loss. 
 In  episode 34 ,  Kaibaman  uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . He  Special Summons  this card by  Tributing   his own card . This card then attacks " Elemental Hero Bubbleman ", but Jaden destroys " Bubble Blaster " via its second effect to prevent his monster's destruction and reduce the Battle Damage he would take to 0. Later Kaibaman activates " Burst Stream of Destruction " to destroy Jaden's " Elemental Hero Mudballman " at the cost of forbidding this card from attacking this turn. Later Kaiba Tributes "Paladin of White Dragon" to Special Summon another copy of this card. Later " Elemental Hero Bladedge " attacks one of the two copies. Due to the effect of "Skyscraper", "Bladedge" gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only. "Bladedge" then destroys this card. Kaibaman then activates " Silent Doom " to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse the two copies with a third copy in his hand in order to Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" then attacks "Bladedge", but Jaden activates " Edge Hammer " to Tribute "Bladedge" and destroy "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" as well as inflict the latter's ATK as damage to Kaibaman. Kaibaman then activates "De-Fusion" to return "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" to the Extra Deck and Special Summon the three copies from the Graveyard. This makes "Edge Hammer" resolve without effect as its original target left the field. The three copies then attack directly, defeating Jaden.
 Before the Duel, Kaibaman shows this card and claims that it told him that it wants to battle Jaden. Chazz then recognizes this card as the legendary card that belongs to Seto Kaiba himself. Kaibaman asks if this card has intimidated him, but Jaden immediately accepts Kaibaman's challenge. 
 In  episode 50 , three copies of this card appear in a series of flashbacks  Chumley Huffington  has when he sees his friends cheering him on and remembers all of the previous Duels his friends were involved in. Chumley then notes that there was something that all of his friends had taught him this year. 
 In  episode 75 , this card appears in a flashback  Tyranno Hassleberry  has when he recognizes the top of the tower location as the place where Yami Yugi and Kaiba had to team up in Tag Team Duel to defeat Lumis and Umbra. 
 Manga 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX manga , when  Syrus Truesdale  played " Transformation ", he wore armor fashioned after "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In the dub of  episode 18 , when  Rex Goodwin  explains Luna's visit to the  Spirit World  to  Jack Atlas , the latter expressed his disbelief by sarcastically replying "And I'm a Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" 
 This card appears in the opening theme  Road to Tomorrow ~Going My Way!!~ 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 This monster's statue appeared in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 015 . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 This card was first played be Seto Kaiba in  Yu-Gi-Oh! R - Duel Round 015 . The attack of the "Blue-Eyes" was considered a magical attack and was counted for the effect of  White-Horned Dragon . 
 Video games 
 Priest Seto uses this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories . 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon appears as a  character  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator . 
 Helio  uses this in  World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 In the Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters, there is Duel Armor that fuses with "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to give the armor's user the ability to destroy Dragons as long as the user has the "Sword of Divinity" with them. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 Kaiba uses this card during his simulation Duel against Yami Yugi. Kaiba activates "Polymerization" to fuse his three copies of this card together and Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 Kaiba later made a deal with Pegasus. If the former wins, he gets the card that can beat the God cards, but if he loses, he will give up his three "Blue-Eyes" to Pegasus. Kaiba wins the Duel, so he keeps his Blue-Eyes. 
 Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against Yami Yugi. He summons this card through the effect of "Paladin of White Dragon". Later "Magician's Valkyria" (whose ATK was 3600 due to it being powered up by the effect of " Mage Power ") attacks this card, but Kaiba activates " Attack Guidance Armor " to redirect the attack to " Peten the Dark Clown ", destroying it instead. The effect of " Deck Destruction Virus " activates, discarding ten random cards from Yami Yugi's Deck. Kaiba then activates the effect of "Peten the Dark Clown" to Special Summon another "Peten the Dark Clown" from his Deck. On Kaiba's next turn, he activates "Polymerization" to fuse this card with the two other copies in his hand in order to Fusion Summon "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Paradox  uses this card during his Duel against  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki , and  Yusei Fudo . He sends this card from his Deck to the Graveyard in order to Special Summon " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". After Paradox is defeated, this card is returned to the time that Paradox stole it from. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Kaiba uses this card during his simulation Duel against  Yami Yugi . On the first turn of the Duel, Kaiba activates "Polymerization" to fuse his three copies of this card together to Fusion Summon " Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ". 
 Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Aigami , adding two copies to his hand via the effect of two " Krystal Dragon ". Aigami later uses the effect of " Cubic Rebirth " to force Kaiba to Special Summon them from his hand. On Aigami's turn, he uses " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast " to attack and destroy both dragons, before returning them to the field with " Cubic Mandala " to prevent Kaiba from Summoning another monster with " Counter Gate ". Nevertheless, Kaiba Tributes his two "Blue-Eyes" along with one " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon " to Tribute Summon " Obelisk the Tormentor ". 
 Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against  Yugi Muto . Kaiba Special Summons this card from his hand with the effect of " Assault Wyvern ", then he activates " Dragon's Fighting Spirit " to allow this card to attack three times this Battle Phase. This card attacks and destroys Yugi's two " Marshmacaron ", then attacks Yugi directly. In response, Yugi activates " Dark Horizon " to Special Summon " Dark Magician " since its ATK was less than the Battle Damage he took. On Kaiba's next turn, this card attacks "Dark Magician", but Yugi activates " Metamorphortress ", Special Summoning it as a monster and equiping "Dark Magician" to it. A Replay occurs and Kaiba cancels his attack. On Yugi's turn, "Metamorphortress" attacks and destroys this card. Kaiba activates " Chaos Form " to Ritual Summon " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon "; since this card was in his Graveyard, he did not have to Tribute any monsters. This card is later seen when Kaiba counts the number of Dragons in his  Graveyard  when " Deep-Eyes White Dragon " uses its effect to inflict  effect damage  to Yugi.  On the last turn of the Duel, this card is  banished  from Kaiba's Graveyard when Yugi activates " Final Geas ". 
 Scripted Duels 
 In the non-canon Duel  North American WCQ 2012 Special: Joey vs. Kaiba , Seto Kaiba tributes " Battle Ox " and " Alligator's Sword Dragon " after activating his Quick-Play Spell Card " Enemy Controller "from his hand to summon this card to the field in his duel against Joey Wheeler. He uses this card to attack Joey directly, but Joey activates his Trap Card " Nutrient Z " to stay in the Duel. 
 Notes and References 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances