Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/North_American_WCQ_2014_Special:_Yugi_vs._Astral

North American WCQ 2014 Special: Astral vs. Yugi  was a  scripted Duel  that took place during the second day of the North American World Championship Qualifiers in  Detroit, Michigan  on July 13, 2014.  Dan Green  and  Marc Thompson  reprised their roles as  Yami Yugi  and  Astral , respectively. Several of the characters used cards they have never used in the anime or manga canon.
 Almost all of the cards used were portrayed as using the same  card effects  as in the anime, with the exceptions of " Xyz Reflect ", " Brain Control ", " Blustering Winds ", " Dark Magician of Chaos ", " Magic Cylinder " and " Pinpoint Guard ", which used their  TCG / OCG  effects. In addition, " Kuribandit " used an odd mix of its anime and real effects due to the lack of " Kuribeh ", while " Gagaga Child " mixed the two effects in the same way.
 As with all previous scripted duels, an announcer recites the turn and Life Point counts throughout the duel at the end of each turn. However, throughout the official video of this event (shown below), the announcer is nearly inaudible until after turn 6, leaving great lulls in the dialogue between turns.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Synopsis 
 2   Featured Duel: Astral vs. Yami Yugi 
 3   Video 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Synopsis 
 Yugi Muto  greets the crowd at the qualifiers, praising the quality of Duelists present.  Astral  attempts to speak with him, but Yugi cannot hear him. Astral makes "World Championship Qualifier Observation Number 1," mimicking his habit from the anime: "Even amongst a large crowd, it is possible to feel all alone." The spirit of  Yami Yugi  is able to hear Astral and responds to him, and Astral asks if they can help him find  Yuma Tsukumo . Yuma had been attempting to win a  playmat , but failed ten times, prompting Astral to wander off to watch the other Duels. He now cannot make his way to him. Both Yugis agree to help him and Astral declares his second observation: "These two duelists share a bond similar to my bond with Yuma. However, they also share one body, something I've never seen in the human world." Astral suggests that if they Dueled, Yuma would come to them; an exciting Duel would surely attract him to their location.
 As the Duel begins, Yugi is able to see and hear Astral. Astral takes the first turn and picks up  card advantage  quickly, observing that "Spectating Duelists consider summoning 'Card Car D' on the first turn of a duel an exceptional maneuver." Astral ends his turn without leaving any monsters to defend his  Life Points , prompting Yami Yugi to swiftly summon his  ace monster , " Dark Magician ", to  attack . However, Astral defends the attack and retaliates with his own ace monster: " Number 39: Utopia ". Yugi is shocked that "Dark Magician" was unable to  destroy  "Utopia" in a  double KO . Astral makes his fourth observation: "Duelists at this tournament are unfamiliar with the power of " Number " monsters. They have lost their memories, just like myself." Astral explains " Numbers '" invincibility in battle against non-"Numbers", giving Yugi worry. Yugi manages to summon a  retrained   Chaos  monster, " Dark Magician of Chaos ", but Utopia increases its  ATK  and destroys this  Spellcaster  as well. Yugi declares a World Championship Qualifier Observation of his own: "Drawing two cards is good, but drawing five is better!" After drawing a total of twelve cards in a single turn, Yugi activates the  effect  of " Dark Magician Knight " to destroy "Utopia" and summons his second retrained Chaos monster: " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning ". Astral remarks: "World Championship Qualifier Observation Number Five: Duelists here are excited to see Black Luster Soldier. I have never heard cheering this loud, even for  Miguel Cabrera ." Astral uses " Pinpoint Guard " and summons " Flelf ". Yugi attacks with both "Black Luster Soldier" and "Dark Magician Knight" and is surprised to discover "Pinpoint Guard" protects "Flelf" in battle. Since Astral drew four cards from Yugi's " Card of Sanctity ", Astral declares he is " Feeling the Flow ." Astral assembles three " Gagaga " monsters and uses them for a "Double Xyz Summon." Astral summons " Number 61: Volcasaurus " and " Number 11: Big Eye ", as well as taking control of Yugi's powerful "Black Luster Soldier". Although Yugi uses  a single card  to destroy this offense, Astral successfully reduces Yugi's Life Points to 0 with  effect damage . However, Yugi is able to prevent loss with " Relay Soul ". With the help of " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight ", Yugi is able to muscle through Astral's defense and reduce Astral's Life Points to 0.
 After the Duel, Astral confirms that Yuma is nearby, so he thanks both Yugis and goes to rejoin him. Both Duelists agree that other Dueled impressively and little Yugi himself looking forward to being able to Duel Astral himself someday. Astral ends with his sixth and final World Championship Qualifier Observation: "No matter which universe we come from, duelists depart, always triumphant."
 
 Featured Duel: Astral vs. Yami Yugi 
 
 This Duel uses anime gameplay. Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Astral 
 Astral   Normal Summons  " Cardcar D " (800/400) in  Attack Position . He  activates  its  effect ,  Tributing  it to  draw  two cards, but preventing him from  Special Summoning  this  turn . Astral  Sets  a  Spell / Trap Card .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi  Normal Summons " Skilled Dark Magician " (1900/1600) in Attack Position. Yugi activates " Card Destruction ", requiring both players to  discard  their  hands  and draw an equal amount of cards. Yugi discards " Brain Control ", " Mystical Elf ", " Burning Land " and " Gaia the Fierce Knight ". Astral is only shown to discard " Rai Rider ", although it is later revealed " Interceptomato ", " Flelf ", and " Rainbow Kuriboh " were discarded as well. As Yugi activated a  Spell Card , "Skilled Dark Magician" gains a  Spell Counter . Yugi activates " Pot of Greed ", drawing two cards and giving "Skilled Dark Magician" another Spell Counter. Yugi then activates " Graceful Charity ", drawing three cards and discarding two. He discards " Summoned Skull " and " Feral Imp ", while "Skilled Dark Magician" gains a third Spell Counter. As it has three Spell Counters, Yugi Tributes it via its effect to Special Summon " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. "Dark Magician" launches a  direct attack , but Astral activates the effect of the " Gagaga Gardna " in his  hand , Special Summoning it (1500/2000) in Attack Position as a direct attack was  declared . A  replay  occurs and "Dark Magician" attacks "Gagaga Gardna". Astral activates the effect of "Gagaga Gardna", discarding " Gagaga Girl " to prevent it from being  destroyed by battle  (Astral: 4000 → 3000). Yugi Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Astral 
Astral Normal Summons " Gogogo Golem " (1800/1500) in Attack Position. Astral  overlays  his two  Level  4 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Number 39: Utopia " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. "Utopia" attacks "Dark Magician", but Yugi activates his  Set  " Spellbinding Circle ", targeting "Utopia" and decreasing its  ATK  by 700. As an  Xyz Monster  was  targeted  by a card effect, Astral  chains  " Xyz Reflect ",  negating  "Spellbinding Circle" and inflicting 800  damage  to Yugi (Yugi: 4000 → 3200). The attack continues and "Dark Magician" is destroyed, while "Utopia's" effect prevents it from being destroyed by battle against non-" Number " monsters. Astral Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yugi activates " Monster Reborn " Special Summoning "Dark Magician" (2500/2000) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. He then activates " Dedication Through Light And Darkness ", Tributing "Dark Magician" to Special Summon " Dark Magician of Chaos " (2800/2600) from his Deck in Attack Position. The effect of "Dark Magician of Chaos" activates, letting Yugi  add  a Spell Card from his Graveyard to his hand. He adds "Brain Control" and subsequently activates it, to take  control  of "Utopia" until the  End Phase . "Dark Magician of Chaos" attacks directly, but Astral activates his  Set  " Impenetrable Attack ", reducing all  battle damage  inflicted to him this  turn  to 0. Yugi Sets a card and activates " Shard of Greed ". At the  End Phase , control of "Utopia" returns to Astral.
 Turn 5: Astral 
Astral activates " Blustering Winds ", increasing the  ATK  and  DEF  of "Utopia" by 1000 until his next  Standby Phase  (2500/2000 → 3500/3000). "Utopia" attacks "Dark Magician of Chaos", but Yugi activates " Magic Cylinder ", negating the attack and inflicting damage to Astral equal to "Utopia's"  ATK . Astral activates the effect of " Interceptomato " from the Graveyard,  banishing  it to reduce the damage to 0. As an attack was negated, Astral activates " Double or Nothing! " from his hand, doubling the ATK of "Utopia" (3500/2000 → 7000/2000) and letting it attack again. "Utopia" attacks and destroys "Dark Magician of Chaos", which is  banished  via its own effect as it  left the field . Yugi discards " Kuriboh " to reduce the  battle damage  to 0. Astral Sets a card. The effect of "Double or Nothing!" ends, returning Utopia's ATK to 3500.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
During Yugi's Draw Phase, "Shard of Greed" gains its first  Greed Counter . Yugi draws and activates " Card of Sanctity ", whose effect allows both players to draw until they have six cards in their hand. Yugi draws six cards while Astral draws five. Yugi Normal Summons " Kuribandit " (1000/700) in Attack Position. Yugi activates its effect, Tributing it to draw five cards but sending any  Monster Cards  drawn to the Graveyard. Yugi draws five Spell Cards: " Knight's Title ", " Premature Burial ", " Swords of Revealing Light ", " Emergency Provisions ", and " Makiu, the Magical Mist ". Yugi activates "Premature Burial",  paying  800  Life Points  (Yugi: 3200 → 2400) to Special Summon "Dark Magician" (2500/2000) from the Graveyard. He then activates "Knight's Title", Tributing "Dark Magician" to Special Summon " Dark Magician Knight " (2500/2100) from his Deck in Attack Position. "Dark Magician Knight's" effect activates, destroying "Utopia". Yugi banishes the  DARK  "Kuriboh" and the  LIGHT  "Mystical Elf" from his Graveyard to Special Summon " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Black Luster Soldier" attacks directly, but Astral activates " Pinpoint Guard ", Special Summoning "Flelf" (800/1300) from the Graveyard in Defense Position. A  replay  occurs, and Yugi attacks "Flelf" with "Black Luster Soldier", although "Flelf" is not destroyed due to "Pinpoint Guard" preventing the monster it Summons from being destroyed this turn. Yugi attacks "Flelf" again with "Dark Magician Knight", but "Flelf" is still not destroyed due to "Pinpoint Guard". Yugi activates "Swords of Revealing Light" and Sets three cards.
 Turn 7: Astral 
Astral activates the effect of "Flelf", discarding the Level 3 " Achacha Archer " to have "Flelf's" Level increase by that of the discarded monster's (2 → 5). Astral Normal Summons " Gagaga Magician " (1500/1000) in Attack Position. As Astral controls a " Gagaga " monster, he Special Summons " Gagaga Child " (800/1200) from his hand in Defense Position. He then activates " Gagagarevenge ", Special Summoning "Gagaga Girl" (1000/700) from the Graveyard. Astral activates the effect of "Magician", changing its Level to 7 (4 → 7). He then activates the effect of "Girl", copying "Magician's" Level of (3 → 7). Astral activates " Star Light, Star Bright ", changing "Child's" Level to copy "Flelf's" Level 5 since both have 800  DEF  (3 → 5). Astral overlays his two Level 5 monsters to Xyz Summon " Number 61: Volcasaurus " (2500/1000) in Attack Position and his two Level 7 monsters to Xyz Summon " Number 11: Big Eye " (2600/2000) in Attack Position. Due to "Child's" effect, "Volcasaurus" cannot attack this turn. The effect of "Gagagarevenge" increases "Big Eye's" ATK by 300 (2600/2000 → 2900/2000). Astral activates " Xyz Gift ", drawing two cards. Astral activates " Tornado ", destroying "Swords of Revealing Light". Yugi chains "Emergency Provisions", sending "Swords of Revealing Light" and his face-down "Makiu" to increase his Life Points by 2000 (Yugi: 2400 → 4400). Astral activates the effect of "Big Eye",  detaching  "Gagaga Girl" to take control of a monster Yugi controls until the End Phase, though "Big Eye" cannot attack this turn. He takes control of "Black Luster Soldier". Astral activates the effect of "Volcasaurus", detaching "Gagaga Child" to destroy "Dark Magician Knight" and inflicting damage equal to its ATK (Yugi: 4400 → 1900). As his monster was destroyed, Yugi activates " Soul Rope ", paying 1000 Life Points (Yugi: 1900 → 900) to Special Summon " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in Defense Position. Astral activates the effect of "Black Luster Soldier", banishing "Celtic Guardian", but "Black Luster Soldier" cannot attack this turn. 
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
During the Draw Phase, "Shard of Greed" gains a second Greed Counter. As "Shard of Greed" has two Greed Counters, Yugi sends it to the Graveyard to draw two cards. Yugi activates " Dark Hole " to destroy Astral's "Volcasaurus", "Big Eye", and "Black Luster Soldier". Yugi Normal Summons " Beta the Magnet Warrior " (1700/1600) and attacks directly (Astral: 3000 → 1300). Yugi Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Astral 
 NOTE: Due to an oversight by the duelist portraying Astral, Astral skips his  Draw Phase . This mistake becomes apparent later in the turn when Astral activates " Monster Slots ". 
Astral activates " Gagagadraw ", banishing "Gagaga Girl", "Gagaga Child" and "Gagaga Magician" from his Graveyard to draw two cards. Astral Normal Summons " Ganbara Knight " (0/1800) in Defense Position. He then activates "Monster Slots", banishing "Gogogo Golem" and targeting "Ganbara Knight" to  draw a card  and  reveal  it.  (At this point, the duelist portraying Astral draws and reveals " Stinging Swordsman ", which was intended to have been drawn by "Gagagadraw". To rectify this, the duelist portraying Astral draws again.)  The drawn card is revealed to be " Gogogo Gigas ", which is Special Summoned in Attack Position since it shares the same Level as "Gogogo Golem" and "Ganbara Knight". Astral activates " Thunder Short ", inflicting 400 damage for each monster Yugi controls (Yugi: 900 → 500). Astral overlays his two Level 4 monsters to Xyz Summon " Gagaga Cowboy " (1500/2400) in Defense Position. He activates the effect of "Cowboy", detaching "Gogogo Gigas" to inflict 800 damage (Yugi: 500 → 0). As his Life Points have been reduced to 0, Yugi activates " Relay Soul ", Special Summoning "Dark Magician Girl" (2000/1700) in Attack Position and preventing his loss as long as "Dark Magician Girl" remains on the field. Although not mentioned, it can be assumed that "Dark Magician Girl's" effect increases its ATK and DEF (2000/1700 → 2300/2000).
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws and activates " The Eye of Timaeus ", sending "Dark Magician Girl" to the Graveyard and  Fusion Summoning  " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " (2600/2100), which now carries the lose condition of "Relay Soul". "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" attacks and destroys "Gagaga Cowboy". "Beta" attacks directly, but Astral activates the effect of the "Rainbow Kuriboh" in his Graveyard, Special Summoning it in Defense Position (100/100). A  replay  occurs and Yugi activates the effect of "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight", discarding " Book of Secret Arts " to destroy "Rainbow Kuriboh". "Beta" attacks directly (Astral: 1300 → 0).
 
 Video 
                 NAWCQ Yugioh Duel Yugi vs Astral     
 Featured cards 
 Cards in  italics  debuted here prior to an anime or manga appearance. Cards in  bold  have never been used by the character or by their  respective   partners  before in any canon series.
 
 
 "Astral" Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Achacha Archer 
 Cardcar D 
 Flelf 
 Gagaga Child 
 Gagaga Gardna 
 Gagaga Girl 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Ganbara Knight 
 Gogogo Gigas 
 Gogogo Golem 
 Interceptomato 
 Rai Rider 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Stinging Swordsman Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blustering Winds 
 Double or Nothing 
 Gagagadraw 
 Gagagarevenge 
 Monster Slots 
 Star Light, Star Bright 
 Thunder Short 
 Tornado 
 Xyz Gift 
 Traps 
 Impenetrable Attack 
 Pinpoint Guard 
 Xyz Reflect 
 
 "Yugi Muto"/"Yami Yugi" Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Beta the Magnet Warrior 
 Dark Magician 
 Feral Imp 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Mystical Elf 
 Summoned Skull 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning [Notes 1] 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Knight 
 Dark Magician of Chaos [Notes 1] 
 Kuriboh 
 Kuribandit 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Skilled Dark Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Brain Control 
 Burning Land 
 Card Destruction 
 Card of Sanctity 
 Dark Hole 
 Dedication Through Light And Darkness [Notes 1] 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Graceful Charity 
 Knight's Title [1] 
 Makiu, the Magical Mist 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Shard of Greed 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Relay Soul 
 Soul Rope 
 Spellbinding Circle 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Although Yugi has never been directly seen using this card in the anime canon, it was seen in a replica of his Deck that  Dimitri  uses.  
 
 
 Trivia 
 In scripted Duels, cards usually follow their effects as portrayed in the anime as opposed to their TCG/OCG counterparts. Although this is also followed to a large part during this Duel, a large number of cards deviated from this tradition, including "Blustering Winds", "Dark Magician Knight", "Gagaga Girl", "Pinpoint Guard", and "Xyz Reflect", which used their  OCG / TCG  effects instead of their anime ones. Only  one other Duel  had previously broke this tradition more than once in one Duel.
 During the course of this Duel, it was demonstrated that "Kuribandit" could be Normal Summoned, whereas it is implied to be  Nomi  in the anime. Similarly, it is implied that "Dark Magician of Chaos" does not banish itself when it leaves the field in the anime, whereas it does so during this Duel. Finally, it is implied that "Gagaga Child" did not skip the player's  Battle Phase  as it does in the anime; however, as Astral controlled no monsters that could attack at the end of his  Main Phase 1 , this distinction was not exemplified. 
 This is the only scripted Duel where Yugi does not use " Sage's Stone " or summons his "Dark Magician Girl" before his "Dark Magician". 
 
 ↑   It was used by Joey on Yugi's Dark Magician in a tag duel 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/NAWCQ_Yugioh_Duel_Yugi_vs_Astral/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/335?cb=20140727064242']
Categories: Scripted Duels