Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gaia_The_Fierce_Knight_(archetype)


 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 暗黒騎士ガイア 「 あんこくきしガイア 」  ( Ankoku Kishi Gaia ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Gaia The Fierce Knight " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Gaia the Darkness Knight 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Gaïa le Chevalier Implacable Translation:  Gaia the Ruthless Knight 
 
 
 German 
 Gaia, zorniger Ritter Translation:  Gaia, Enraged Knight 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gaia il Cavaliere Translation:  Gaia the Knight 
 
 
 Korean 
 암흑 기사 가이아   Amheuk Gisa Gaia   (romanized) Translation:  Gaia the Dark Knight 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Gaia, o Cavaleiro Impetuoso Translation:  Gaia, the Impetuous Knight 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Gaia el Caballero Feroz Translation:  Gaia the Ferocious Knight 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon Structure Deck: Warrior's Triumph Secrets of Eternity Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Raging Tempest Rise of the Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Starter Deck: Yugi Starter Deck: Yugi Evolution Collectible Tins 2004 Dark Beginning 1 Dark Beginning 2 Retro Pack Dark Legends Duel Terminal - Preview Wave 2 Retro Pack 2 Duel Terminal 1 Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Secrets of Eternity: Super Edition Astral Pack Eight Yugi's Legendary Decks Millennium Pack Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack: Gold Edition 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Shadows in Valhalla Rise of the Duelist Premiere! promotional card 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Vol.1 EX Starter Box Limited Edition 2: Yugi Pack Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon (Japanese) Booster R1 EX-R Starter Box Structure Deck: Yugi Pharaonic Guardian (Japanese) Duelist Legacy Volume.2 Duelist Legacy Volume.4 Beginner's Edition 1 Duel Terminal - Invasion of Worms!! Beginner's Edition 1 (2011) Beginner's Edition 2 (2011) Memories of the Duel King: Duelist Kingdom Arc Deck Custom Pack 01 Duelist Road -Piece of Memory- Side: Yami Yugi V Jump September 2015 promotional card Millennium Pack (OCG) Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Theater distribution card 2 Structure Deck: Yugi Muto LINK VRAINS Pack 2 V Jump June 2020 promotional card Premium Pack 2022 
 
 
 
 
 China-Only Sets 
 
 
 Starter Pack Volume 1 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Beginner's Edition 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Theater distribution cards Premium Pack Vol.15 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! (1999 flim) Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (subseries) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! (novel) 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gaia The Fierce Knight ", known as " Gaia the Darkness Knight " ( 暗 黒 騎 士 ガイア  Ankoku Kishi Gaia ) in Japan, is an  archetype  of  Warrior   monsters  that includes " Gaia The Fierce Knight " and monsters based on it.
 This archetype is related to the " Black Luster Soldier " archetype, referencing the fact that in the  original anime series , when  Yugi  first Ritual Summoned " Black Luster Soldier ", "Gaia The Fierce Knight" was one of the Tributes. The " Gaia Knight " series is a subset of this archetype, although it is excluded from  support .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Playing style 
 2   Members 
 3   Recommended cards 
 4   Official Decks 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Playing style 
 Any "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monster can be used with any  Dragon  monster to Fusion Summon " Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon Champion ", which in turn searches for the " Spiral Spear Strike " Spell Card upon being Summoned.
 " Gateway to Chaos " can be used to search for a " Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight " to use as a Level 7  Fusion  or  Xyz Material  that can be Normal Summoned from the Hand without Tribute. The second effect of "Gateway to Chaos" can search for any  Ritual Spell Card  and has the potential to run "Spiral Spear Strike" for sending Dragon Monsters to fuel this effect.
 " Arisen Gaia " and "Charging Gaia" can become part of a Warrior  Chaos  engine with " Exchange of Night and Day ".
 "Gaia Knight" monster cards can be mixed with the " Black Luster Soldier " archetype Monsters for the two "If this card is  Tributed " effects of " Arisen Gaia " and " Charging Gaia " can add a " Black Luster Soldier " Monster or  Special Summon  a "Soldier" from the Hand or Graveyard. With the optional: " Black Luster Soldier - Sacred Soldier " Monster card that can add any Level 7 or lower  Warrior  to the Hand from the Graveyard, when it  Destroys  an opposing Monster in Battle.
 As with the various Xyz and Fusion Summons, the Gaia Knights can be used as Synchro Material with level 1 Tuners summoned through  Mausoleum of White . With cards such as  Chain Resonator ,  Effect Veiler ,  One for One ,  Resonator Call , and other Tuners the Gaia Knights can make a near-perfect setup for archetypes like  Red Dragon Archfiend (archetype) ,  /Assault Mode , or even a  Stardust / Blue-Eyes  hybrid.
 A common trait among the "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monsters, except for the original " Gaia The Fierce Knight ", is that they can be Normal Summoned to the field without needing any  Tributes  depending on certain conditions, such as having no other cards in the hand or having fewer monsters than the opponent. This allows them to hit the field faster, granting the player powerful monsters quicker, as they'd all normally require two Tributes to be Normal Summoned otherwise. " Lord Gaia " can be Special Summoned if you control no monsters while your opponent does, in vein of " Cyber Dragon " and " Hieratic Dragon of Tefnuit ".
 
 Members 
 
 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Summoning effect
 
 
 Arisen 
 Normal Summon this card without Tributing if your opponent controls more monsters than you do.
 
 
 Charging 
 Normal Summon this card without Tributing at the cost of its original ATK becoming 1900.
 
 
 Lord 
 Special Summon this card from your hand if your opponent controls a monster while you control no monsters.
 
 
 Magical 
 Normal Summon this card without Tributing if either you control no monsters or your opponent controls a monster with 2300 or more ATK.
 
 
 Origin 
 Special Summon this card from your hand by sending 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand to the GY.
 
 
 Soldier 
 Special Summon this card from your hand by Tributing 1 Dragon Fusion Monster you control.
 
 
 Swift 
 Normal Summon this card without Tributing if there are no other cards in your hand.
 
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arisen Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin 
 Gaia the Magical Knight 
 Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Artillery Catapult Turtle 
 Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon 
 Curse of Dragonfire 
 Envoy of Chaos 
 Elemental HERO Prisma 
 Elemental HERO Woodsman 
 Giant Rat 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog 
 Skilled Blue Magician 
 Synchro Fusionist 
 The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion 
 Tuner monsters 
 Eccentric Boy 
 Junk Synchron 
 Jutte Fighter 
 Torapart 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Curse of Dragon, the Magical Knight Dragon 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons 
 Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Dark Cavalry 
 Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons 
 Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste 
 Gaia Drake, the Universal Force 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 Scrap Archfiend 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger 
 Other Rank 7 Xyz monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Gaia Saber, the Lightning Shadow 
 Black Luster Soldier - Soldier of Chaos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gateway to Chaos 
 Galloping Gaia 
 Spiral Fusion 
 Spiral Spear Strike 
 Ancient Rules 
 Miracle Synchro Fusion 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars 
 Summoner's Art 
 Super Soldier Ritual 
 Symbols of Duty 
 Synchro Change 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Beginning of Heaven and Earth 
 Tuner Capture 
 Tuner's Scheme 
 Official Decks 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures  -  Shoma 's Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Artillery Catapult Turtle  x3 
 Curse of Dragonfire 
 Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon  x3 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning  x2 
 Gaia the Magical Knight  x3 
 Keeper of Dragon Magic 
 Lightpulsar Dragon  x2 
 Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Red Resonator  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Borreload Furious Dragon 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons  x2 
 Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon 
 Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Drake, the Universal Force 
 Chaos Ruler, the Chaotic Magical Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger 
 Link Monsters 
 Cross-Sheep 
 Predaplant Verte Anaconda 
 Proxy F Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Galloping Gaia  x3 
 Gateway to Chaos  x2 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars  x2 
 Spiral Fusion  x3 
 Spiral Spear Strike 
 Traps 
 Beginning of Heaven and Earth  x2 
 Spiral Discharge 
 Spiral Reborn 
 Trivia 
 With the exception of "Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin" and "Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight", all members of this archetype are  Level  7 monsters with 2300  ATK  and 2100  DEF . 
   
" Gaia The Fierce Knight " 「 暗 黒 騎 士 ガイア」 Members 
 Arisen Gaia the Fierce Knight Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight Gaia The Fierce Knight Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin Gaia the Magical Knight Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Support 
 Artillery Catapult Turtle Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier Envoy of Chaos Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons Skilled Blue Magician Sky Galloping Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Beginning of Heaven and Earth Galloping Gaia Gateway to Chaos 
 Related 
 Curse of Dragon Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon Curse of Dragon, the Magical Knight Dragon Curse of Dragonfire Dark Cavalry Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger Gaia Drake, the Universal Force Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth Gaia Saber, the Lightning Shadow Gaia the Dragon Champion Gaia, the Mid-Knight Sun Gaia, the Polar Knight 
 Spiral Discharge Spiral Fusion Spiral Reborn Spiral Spear Strike 
 
 v e 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight   暗 黒 騎 士 ガイア a   Members 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Related 
 Curse of Dragon Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 
 v e 
" Gaia The Fierce Knight " 「 暗 黒 騎 士 ガイア」 m   Members 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight Gaia the Fierce Knight Gaia the Magical Knight Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight Soldier Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Support 
 Artillery Catapult Turtle Beginning of Heaven and Earth Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons Galloping Gaia 
 Related 
 Black Luster Ritual Curse of Dragon Curse of Dragon, the Cursed Dragon Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth Gaia Saber, the Lightning Shadow Gaia the Dragon Champion Spiral Fusion Spiral Reborn 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/GaiaTheFierceKnight-TF04-JP-VG-2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120525173447']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes