Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Katsuya_Jonouchi_and_Seto_Kaiba%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Duel Disk 
 
 
 Players 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Seto Kaiba  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . It took place during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, but was not a tournament Duel. It was the first Duel shown using  Duel Disks .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 
 2.1   Manga 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 During the first night of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament,  Katsuya Jonouchi ,  Yugi Mutou ,  Hiroto Honda ,  Ryo Bakura  and  Mai Kujaku  were woken by the sound of a helicopter landing on  the island . They all went over the helicopter and discovered  Seto Kaiba  had piloted it.
 Yugi went over to Kaiba and gave him his Deck, which he had recovered from the  Ventriloquist of the Dead . As Kaiba was about to leave, Jonouchi stopped him and refused to let him leave, reminding him of what he did during  Death-T . Kaiba said he had almost forgotten Jonouchi was there too and mocked the level of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament on seeing that Jonouchi was a participant. As Yugi and Honda restrained Jonouchi, he threatened to Duel Kaiba. Kaiba accepted, but warned Jonouchi that he would damage his ego.
 Jonouchi tried directing Kaiba to a  Battle Box , but Kaiba insisted that they use his  Duel Disks  prototypes instead. Kaiba explained that the rules would be similar to the Standard  Duel Monsters  rules, but the concept of the field would be different.
 
 The Duel 
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba  Summoned  " Battle Ox " in  Attack Mode  in the Main Card Stage. He then threw the disk out in front of him, where it spun and produced the  Solid Vision  projection of "Battle Ox".
 Yugi was impressed by how life-like the hologram was and how it could be produced without the need for a  Battle Box .
 Jonouchi's turn 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Armored Lizard " in Attack Mode in the Main Card Stage.
 ' Kaiba's turn 
 "Battle Ox" and "Armored Lizard" engaged in  battle , with "Battle Ox" plunging its axe into the neck of "Armored Lizard". "Armored Lizard" seemed to survive at first, as the axe had not fully penetrated its scales. Kaiba said that that should not matter, since "Battle Ox" had a higher ATK. "Battle Ox" then raised its axe, carrying "Armored Lizard" with it and then slammed it back on the ground, this time fully penetrating the armor and decapitating the lizard, destroying it (Jonouchi: 2000 → 1800  Life Points ).
 The "Armored Lizard" card was ejected from the Duel Disk, leaving Jonouchi chase after it. Kaiba explained that when a monster loses, its controller is to jerk the wire on their Duel Disk to pull the disk back to them. Jonouchi did so and realizes the Duel Disk was like a  yo-yo , which he considered himself to be good at using.
 Jonouchi's turn 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Flame Swordsman " and got it to attack "Battle Ox". However "Battle Ox" had a resistance to  Fire , causing the "Flame Swordsman" to lose  ATK  ("Flame Swordsman": 1800 → 1500 ATK). "Flame Swordsman" was destroyed in battle (Jonouchi: 1800 → 1600 Life Points).
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba activated " Polymerization " to power-up "Battle Ox", by  fusing  it with " Mystic Horseman ", commenting that both cards were based on Greek myths. This created the " Rabid Horseman ".
 Jonouchi's turn 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Swamp Battleguard ".
 Kaiba's turn 
 "Rabid Horseman" attacked and destroyed "Swamp Battleguard" (Jonouchi: 1600 → 1400 Life Points).
 Intermediate turns 
 Over the next few turns, Jonouchi Summoned " Axe Raider ", an unseen card, " Battle Steer " and " Rock Ogre Grotto #1 ", all of which were destroyed by "Rabid Horseman", leaving Jonouchi with 550 Life Points.
 Jonouchi's turn 
 Kaiba laughed and suggested that Jonouchi give up. Jonouchi also doubted he could win and dropped to one knee. His friends encouraged him to continue, including Mai, who without thinking scolded him for not standing up and fighting.
 Jonouchi drew " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " and Summoned it. Kaiba was somewhat surprised to see the "Black Dragon". "Red-Eyes" attacked the "Rabid Horseman" and although it used a Fire attack, its ATK was enough to still beat the "Rabid Horseman" (Kaiba: 2000 → 1600 Life Points).
 As Jonouchi and his friends celebrated Jonouchi's move, Kaiba mocked Jonouchi for being so happy over winning just one turn.
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba said he had been saving a card that could beat Jonouchi at any time and Summoned " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". It attacked and destroyed "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (Jonuchi: 550 → 0 Life Points), causing Kaiba to win the Duel.
 
 Aftermath 
 Kaiba mocked Jonouchi, saying it was befitting for him to crawl on the ground, as a loser, and stated that Jonouchi's previous victories might have been credit to luck or help from his friends, but his fake confidence should now be ruined. Anzu retorted that it was not Kaiba's place to be critical, as he did not know what Jonouchi was fighting for. Bakura agreed and was about to tell Kaiba about Jonouchi fighting to pay for his sister,  Shizuka 's eye operation, but Jonouchi cut him off, insisting that he not tell Kaiba about that. Kaiba saw it as irrelevant, stating that even the weakest Duelist has some reason to fight or believe in, but all that matters is whether they allow themself to be crushed or fight to protect those crucial things. He warned Jonouchi that he will regret Dueling him and predicted that Jonouchi would be too afraid to stand up as a Duelist again.
 Jonouchi suffered a bad dream about his loss to Kaiba that night and was distraught by Kaiba's words during  his next Duel  with  Ghost Kozuka . However, he was able to overcome this and defeat Ghost.
 
 Cards used 
 Manga 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Armored Lizard 
 Axe Raider 
 Battle Steer 
 Flame Swordsman 
 Rock Ogre Grotto #1 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Swamp Battleguard 
 Unnamed 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 26: " Duelist's Honor " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 27: " The Secret Weapon " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 28: " The Terror of Pegasus! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 29: " The Lurking Duelists " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 30: " Duel Without End " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 32: " Death to the Undead! " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/D-027_Jonouchi_VS_Kaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130516204657']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga)