Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Tyranno_s4.jpg

For other version of this character, see  Tyranno Hassleberry (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 
 
 
 
 Hassleberry with " Dark Tyranno " 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Tyranno Kenzan 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Benkei [1] Dino Boy (by  Jim ) Sarge (by  Syrus  and  Jaden ) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ティラノ剣山 
 
 
 Arabic   
 تيرانو هاسلبيري 
 
 
 French   
 Davy Cricket 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Fried shrimp 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous organization 
 Tyranno Group 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Ra Yellow 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Did not place       Pair Duel Tournament   Runner-up (with  Blair Flannigan )   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Dinosaur Deck (恐竜デッキ  Kyōryū Dekki ) [2] Evolution [3] 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2008 
 Dino Evolution 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Great Dinos Super Dinos Awesome Dinos Garrr! Check This Out!! Dino Pair! Shine On, Dino! 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Jurassic Dawn Jurassic Dawn 2 Evolving Tyranno Dinosaur Paradise Rising Phoenix 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 53: " Back to Duel " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 David Wills 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Hiroshi Shimozaki 
 
 
 French  
 Laurent Bonnet Michelangelo Marchese (season 2) 
 
 
 German  
 Jesco Wirthgen 
 
 
 Italian  
 Diego Sabre 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Bernie Malejana 
 
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry , known in Japan as  Tyranno Kenzan  (ティラノ剣山,  Tirano Kenzan ), is a  Ra Yellow  Duelist who enters  Duel Academy  in the second year. To his surprise, he was assigned to the Ra Yellow dorm despite scoring high on the Duel Academy entry exam due to the fact that he did not attend an associated preparatory school. He begins to develop a fascination for  Jaden , after losing in a duel to the latter and subsequently moves into the  Slifer Red  Dorm, replacing  Chumley  as Jaden and  Syrus ' roommate. In both versions, people tend to call him only by his last name.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice and mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Tyranno's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in full  Ra Yellow  regalia from front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Tyranno has a very muscular physique and his outfit follows a dinosaur and military theme. His usual outfit consists of a Ra Yellow uniform with no sleeves and a duller shade of yellow with a green muscle shirt underneath. He has a tanned appearance. He also wears beige combat pants, white wristbands with matching bands just above his feet, a bandanna featuring a dinosaur face, bone earrings, and a necklace of dinosaur bones. His hair consists of long, black dreadlocks. Sometimes his pupils are narrowed into reptile-like slits and the color of his eyes lighten to make his eyes look more like a dinosaur's. He carries an Academy-issued  Duel Disk  on his left hand. In flashbacks, Tyranno is seen wearing a  Jurassic Park  T-shirt.
 
 Personality 
 Hassleberry is introduced as an arrogant bully, but after his defeat against Jaden, he becomes nicer and more social. He can be somewhat insensitive and hypocritical and is shown to be possessive of his relationship with Jaden. However, when the situation demands it, Hassleberry is the first to set aside differences and work as a team, in comparison to Syrus. Hassleberry values loyalty immensely; he is disappointed when he is abandoned by his "troops" and loyally follows Jaden into danger and defends him after they begin their friendship, and despondent when Blair Flannigan devalues the concept of the Pair Duels.
 
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, he ends the majority of his sentences with either "(da) don" (Japanese explosion onomatopoeia) or "zaurus" (the Japanese equivalent of "saurus"). He also tends to do references to dinosaurs or prehistory in his speech.
 In the English dub, Tyranno speaks with a Southern accent and uses stereotypical cowboy slang and military jargon such as saying "report for duty" before summoning a monster, leading to a few jokes exclusive to the English dub. He often says "Sam Hill" which is a euphemism for "Hell", or "Damn".
 
 Biography 
 Tyranno made his first appearance when he complained to  Vellian Crowler  and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte  about not getting into  Obelisk Blue . He then is seen heading a gang and stealing the  Duel Disks  of those he defeated. He was defeated by  Jaden  and returned the stolen items and came to idolize Jaden. (In the original version, this was supposed to be loosely based on the myth where legendary Samurai warlord  Minamoto Yoshitsune  defeated  Saito Musashibo Benkei ; Judai even compares him to the famed warrior-monk before the duel starts. Hassleberry's loyalty to Judai after losing to him, just as Benkei showed the same to Yoshitsune, also emphasizes this.) Although his dorm is technically  Ra Yellow , he decides to live in  Slifer Red  to be closer to and learn from Jaden. From his introduction onwards, he often fights with  Syrus Truesdale  over who is better suited to being Jaden's best friend. (In the Japanese version, it is over who has the right to call him "big brother"). In the dub, Hassleberry almost always refers to Jaden as "sarge" (short for sergeant) to show respect for the man he considers his leader. Before Syrus duels  Missy  to advance to Ra yellow he gives Syrus advice to let go of his fear which helps Syrus win in the end. Tyranno later duels against  Sartyr  as the professor wants him, Syrus and  Bastion Misawa  to come back to Ra Yellow. Tyranno eventually wins. Not long afterwards, Hassleberry and Syrus's rivalry comes to a head, and  Alexis Rhodes , sick of their arguing, tells them to Duel one another. Syrus is late to the Duel, but puts up a defensive fight against Hassleberry's Dinosaurs, and locks him into a trap by using the effect of "Ultimate Tyranno" against him. Seeing Syrus falter after searching for Jaden all night, Hassleberry avoids activating his "Jurassic Impact" Trap Card, losing the Duel, but he begins to regret it when Syrus begins bossing him around.
 
         Hassleberry in his Duel with  Jaden  .     
 In  episode 73  it is revealed that Tyranno was hospitalized after a rock slide during an archaeological dig. The incident permanently damaged the tibia of his left leg but the bone fragment of a dinosaur fossil he unearthed during the excavation was used to replace it. Tyranno believed that as a result of Jaden's influence the dinosaur DNA awoke a great power within him which supposedly protected him from being converted by  Sartorius  into one of the members of the  Society of Light . It is implied that this accident is also the reason for Tyranno's unique ability to narrow his pupils into reptile-like slits.
 During the field trip to  Domino City  Tyranno teams up with Syrus in a  Duel  against the first duo of the  Light Brigade ,  Frost  and  Thunder . Although the two are pinned down by their opponents, who tuned their Decks specifically to combat their cards, they end up pooling their efforts to combine their  monsters  into " Super Vehicroid - Rex Union ". Despite their teamwork, however, Frost ends the Duel by wiping out all players but himself using  Mirror of Duality  and drags them to  Sarina 's lair from where they are transported to  KaibaLand  as bait for Jaden and  Aster  by order of Sarina.
 
         Hassleberry's Duel Spirit form.     
 At the end of the second year, Tyranno, along with  Linda , chase after  Prince Ojin  as he prepares to arm the laser satellite. Unleashing the full force of his dinosaur DNA power and assuming a Duel Spirit form (appointing himself the title of "Spacesaurus"), he travels into space with " Elemental Hero Neos " to divert the satellite's blasts. While the returning Sarina keeps it from firing any further, the two are successful in destroying the satellite.
 With the start of the third year, Tyranno chooses to remain in  Ra Yellow  instead of advancing to  Obelisk Blue ; to him, the issue of which dormitory he is officially a part of is irrelevant. He gets introduced to  Viper's survival duels that are said to happen every day. He is shown watching Jaden's duel against  Jesse Anderson  and gets annoyed when he finds out Jesse does not have  Rainbow Dragon  in his deck. Agreeing to aid  Jim Crocodile Cook  in his investigation of mysterious electromagnetic waves coming from the jungle, his dinosaur DNA reacts to additional signals sent by  Thelonious Viper  which render him uncontrollable. Jim Duels with Tyranno in a  Survival Duel  and successfully reverts him to his former self within the first few rounds of the battle but is beaten in the end. 
 When Jaden and co. go into the other dimension he is sacrificed when Jaden Duels against  Brron , along with  Alexis Rhodes ,  Chazz Princeton , and  Atticus Rhodes . He is later discovered to be alive and held prisoner with everyone else who died in the Duel Spirit world in an alternate dimension by  Yubel .
 In the fourth season he pairs up with  Blair Flannigan  for the Pair Duels. He makes it to the final Duel against the pair of Jaden and  Alexis  during which Blair uses Partner Change so that she can be partners with Jaden due to her crush on him. Alexis later  destroys  the card and switches back to being with Jaden and defeats Blair and Tyranno. Comically, Tyranno displays fear of Alexis and Blair when they were his partner when they got angry.
 In his  Duel  with  Trueman , who was at the time masquerading as  Daigo Sorano , his dinosaur DNA protected him from Trueman (who needed the opponent to carry some form of Darkness, which Tyranno did not have), until Trueman 'revealed' that the dinosaur bone in Tyranno's leg was that of a dinosaur he had eaten in his previous reincarnation as a dinosaur (in reality, Trueman lied to create darkness within Tyranno thus breaking his creed to always speak the truth). Tyranno is then defeated but is revived when Jaden defeats  Nightshroud .
 He was last seen trying to make a goodbye speech to the third-years, but broke down and cried saying how badly he will miss them before being carried out by the other staff members. Afterward, he attended the graduation party with the third years. As Crowler feels sad about the graduating class leaving, he tells Crowler that he will still be around to keep him company.
 
 Deck 
 Tyranno uses an  Evolution Deck [3]  focused on  Dinosaur - Type   monsters . He uses cards such as " Big Evolution Pill " and " New Ultra Evolution " to quickly bring out his powerful monsters such as " Super Conductor Tyranno " and " Ultimate Tyranno ". Tyranno also uses " Earthquake " in conjunction with his " Dark Tyranno " to attack his opponent  directly . He also uses cards such as " Survival Instinct " or " Spacetime Transcendence " with his " Tyranno Infinity " to increase its  ATK , giving him access to an easy to Summon, powerful monster. 
 
 
 Evolution Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Sabersaurus 
 Effect Monsters 
 Archeonys 
 Babycerasaurus 
 Black Stego 
 Dark Driceratops 
 Dark Tyranno 
 Destroyersaurus 
 Dyna Base 
 Element Saurus 
 Giant Rex 
 Gilasaurus 
 Hyper Hammerhead 
 Saurobeast Brachion 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Tyranno Infinity 
 Ultimate Tyranno Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dyna Tank Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill 
 Card of Reversal 
 Card of Variation 
 Dino Blast 
 Dino Stomp 
 Earthquake 
 Jurassic World  (later played  with a different effect ) 
 Living Fossil 
 New Ultra Evolution 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spacetime Transcendence 
 Tail Swipe 
 Ultra Evolution 
 Ultra Evolution Pill 
 Traps 
 Amber Pitfall 
 Counterattack! 
 Fossil Excavation [Notes 1] 
 Hunting Instinct 
 Jurassic Heart [Notes 1] 
 Jurassic Impact 
 Seismic Shockwave [Notes 1] 
 Survival Instinct 
 Volcanic Eruption 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Various  Duel Academy  students 
 55 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale  (Dub only) 
 55 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 55 
 Lose
 
 
 Professor Sartyr 
 63 
 Win
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 64 
 Lose
 
 
 Sartorius 
 73 
 Lose
 
 
 Frost  and  Thunder 
 75 - 76 
 Lose (with  Syrus Truesdale )
 
 
 Alice  (original only) 
 80 
 Lose (offscreen)
 
 
 Ra Yellow  student 
 84 
 Win
 
 
 
 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 110 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 128 
 Not shown (with  Axel Brodie )
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Vellian Crowler , and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte 
 129 
 DRAW  (with  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes , and  Jim Crocodile Cook )
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 129 
 DRAW (with  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes , and  Jim Crocodile Cook )
 
 
 Jasmine  and  Obelisk Blue  male 
 161 
 Win (with  Blair Flannigan )
 
 
 Mindy  and  Obelisk Blue  male 
 161 
 Win (with  Blair Flannigan )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Alexis Rhodes 
 162 
 Lose (with  Blair Flannigan )
 
 
 Trueman 
 172 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 55: " A Hassleberry Hounding " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 162: " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen during the  Season 3 ending theme . 
 
 
 v e 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Tyranno Kenzan) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Tyranno_s4.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090204191010', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Kenzan_Linework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170420212537', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Tyranno55.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111231103233', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Tyra104.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111231102648']
Categories: Characters, Tyranno Hassleberry pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters