Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Z-one

This article is about the character. For the card, see " Z-ONE ".      For other versions of this card, see  Z-one (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Z-one 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Z-one 
 
 
 Other   
 Z-ONE, Almighty Ruler of the Infinite World [1] God God of Destiny The Divine One The Ancient One (dub version) Yusei Fudo  (assumed identity) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ZONE ZONE ゾーン Rōmaji: ( Zōn ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Iliaster Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Scientist 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Timelord 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 6 
 Knowledge of Salvation The Crown of Science Glory of Destruction Kingdom of Death 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 66: " Ruler of the Ritual!! "  (cameo) 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 93: " The Question of the Card " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Hideo Ishikawa 
 
 
 
 Z-one  (pronounced, and sometimes spelled as,  Zone ), is a survivor of the  Meklord Emperor Genocide  who serves as the main antagonist of the  Ark Cradle arc  and the final antagonist of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. He is the founder of  Iliaster  and is revered by its members as a god, or "The Ancient One", or "The Creator" in the dub. Along with  Aporia ,  Antinomy , and  Paradox , Z-one is effectively the central antagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds , being responsible for all of its other main antagonists in one way or another, as well as for the first  Zero Reverse  that split  Satellite  and  New Domino City  apart. Like the other main members of Iliaster, he is from an alternate future about 200 years after the present day events of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . [2] 
 Z-one comes from an apocalyptic future where he assumed the identity of  Yusei Fudo  to try to protect humankind from extermination by the  Meklord  Emperors, but failed to stop the Zero Reverse that destroyed the planet. With the world in ruins and humans nearly extinct, Z-one sends robotic copies of his associates  Antinomy ,  Paradox  and  Aporia  back in time with the mission of changing history and averting the disaster. Though their agenda is noble, the four are willing to go to any lengths to succeed, massacring thousands of innocents. During the Ark Cradle arc, Aporia's incarnations as the  Three Pure Nobles  plot to bring Z-one's lab, the Divine Temple, into the past to fall on and crush New Domino City. By this, Z-one believes that the discovery of Ener-D can be erased and the end of the world they have lived through will be averted.
 One by one, Z-one's contemporaries were either defeated, or in the case of Aporia, turned against him upon seeing that the future could be changed. Z-one defeated Aporia to show Team 5D's that having a sense of hope was useless. He then faced off against Yusei, in which he was defeated and heavily damaged. He then redeemed himself, colliding with the Arc Cradle and stopping it from destroying New Domino City, albeit at the cost of his own life.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.3   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.4   Ark Cradle 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Linework of Z-ones facial features.     
 Z-one is contained in a machine shaped like either a comma, the number six, or a  Japanese magatama  (depending on its position) which prolongs his life and appears to make his voice sound mechanized. The back and front sides resemble the  Yusei Go , with all markings identical to that of the Duel Runner, albeit in the exact opposite color scheme  (white with red instead of red with white) .  Leo  &  Luna  were the first to notice the resemblance before Z-one revealed himself. His human body is inside the machine, with only his head coming out of the machine, but he covers it with a mask. His left eye is still visible, which is the same color, shape, and position as  Yusei's  eye. The figure has a marking on his mask similar to Yusei's  criminal mark . Z-one's helmet is similar to Yusei's helmet  (including the yellow diamond in the center front) , but also opposite color scheme  (white instead of red) .
 
       Z-one's full form.     
 His human outfit also shares design with Yusei's jacket, for instance the two gem-like garments on it's collar. A notable fact is when he is upside down, in his comma form, he appeared to help Yusei and co. He saved Yusei, Bruno and  Sherry LeBlanc  from being blown up in Sector Security. He also gave Yusei his " Shooting Star Dragon " in order to defeat  Primo . Since then, he has been shown in his right side up position, plotting to erase  New Domino City  and kill the  Signers , along with  Aporia  and Sherry. Z-one appears to have  Duel Monsters  cards in the blue canisters that are on his machine body.
 Z-one has also taken the form of  Dr. LeBlanc .
 
       Z-one's full appearance.     
 Following the apocalyptic future, Z-one modified his body in the form of Yusei Fudo and rides the  Yusei Go . However, the red design on the inner shirt is altered somewhat from Yusei's usual design (the alteration being that is still the same design in every way except  "completed"  with the "missing leg" forming a gateway-like design rather than the half-circle it normally is), as well as the orange patches on his collar that are normally round were square.  His red helmet is also missing the white arrows on the sides. His version of the Yusei Go possesses similar small differences, with different coloring for the Duel Disk arm, different framing over the wheels, and what appears to be a gun-type weapon mounted on the seat on the right side. He also dismounts from the left side, whereas Yusei usually dismounts from the right. [3] 
 Some time after his failure trying to correct humanity by himself, he covered his face with a mask. When the mask was broken, his face is revealed to be a very old version of Yusei's face, due to his life prolonging device not preventing him from aging.
 To Duel, Z-one can attach two large, mechanical arms to his body. This is accompanied by a gigantic, floating  Wrist Dealer , which holds the stone tablets he uses as cards. [4] 
 Z-One's name is a reference to the fact he is the very last ("Z" being the last letter of the alphabet) & only human ("One") left in the ruined future. Coincidentally, his final words before dying were "At long… last…".
 
 Personality 
 Ever since Z-one was a researcher during that time, he was always lonely and dependent on his work figuring out how to stop the  Ener-D  and the Planetary Particle from going out of control. When he discovered how Yusei saved the city from disaster, he became obsessed with becoming like him by changing his appearance and his personality into a form of Yusei Fudo.
 When he became Yusei, he shows a focus and a clear-minded attitude similar to Yusei when he tells the survivors that the Ener-D cannot be controlled as long as the people continue to seek evolution at such a greedy pace. After that, Z-one became more at ease when he finally saved them from their own demise; however it only lasted for a short period of time. Because there were too many negative feelings in people, he couldn't save most of the remaining survivors on time before the Ener-D destroyed the world. As a result, he thought that saving people from their own demise is impossible and lost all hope of changing people's ways.
 Over time he met a group of survivors;  Aporia ,  Antinomy , and  Paradox ; since then, he became determined to change the future by destroying New Domino City's Ener-D along with the city itself. After the death of his three companions, he became once again lonely and dependent. During the Duel with Yusei, he believed the power of Yusei couldn't save everyone in the future because he already failed trying to be Yusei and tried to destroy all the possibilities that Yusei believed in. After his downfall against Yusei, Zone was in a state of guilt and shame, and realized he was blinded by his own insanity of destroying New Domino City when all he just wanted was to save his future. He then admitted that he wanted to see the new future created by Yusei, and decided to stop Yusei from sacrificing himself to stop the Ark Cradle while doing it himself, finally ending his life.
 He is rather close to his subordinates, as evidenced by how he has engaged in friendly talks with the damaged Aporia and with Sherry LeBlanc, and supports them by giving them enhancements, but can quickly throw this attitude if they turn on him, which both did. After his defeat against Yusei, he tells him that having a bond with his comrades is pointless and tries his best to fight alone; but, in a state like this, he claims that he is tired. Before his death, while crashing right into the old Ener-D reactor, he wishes to meet his friends in the new future Yusei creates. [5] 
 Z-one has a habit of not only utterly defeating his opponents, but also holding back just enough to give them a chance to win, only to have them learn how hopeless their situation is. A prime example of this is his usage of the Timelords, which have 0 ATK, making them seem harmless at first until his opponents witness their abilities.
 According to Aporia, Z-one held onto some fragment of hope despite his failure to save the future because he erased Antinomy's memory to have him aid Team 5D's, which hindered their plan of destroying Neo Domino City. Furthermore, when Yusei pushed Z-one on why didn't he try a more peaceful approach by warning the people of the present about the future rather than take such destructive measures, Z-one replied he didn't have the time left to pursue such an endeavor. This implies had Z-one not been reduced to life-support and had more time to his lifespan, he would have pursued a peaceful pursuit to saving the future.
 
 Etymology 
 It is possible that the name Z-one is derived from the fact that he is the last human, Z being the last letter of the alphabet and having much the same connotation as the letter omega, and that he is the last one. Z-one could also be taken as symbolic of "alpha and omega", using the first number and last letter, a phrase reflecting Z-one's self-assumed position as a god.
 
 Abilities 
 Being the leader of  Iliaster , Z-one has access to technology from the future. Z-one uses this technology to travel through time and change reality itself. He is essentially regarded as the source of the  Three Pure Nobles ' power, including supplying them with powerful cards in the form of monoliths send through time and space, which included the " Meklord " cards with the addition of Yusei's " Shooting Star Dragon ". [6] [7] 
  Moreover his technology also allows him to harness  Ener-D  through Duels, which fuels the  Grand Design  to summon the Ark Cradle. He is also capable of creating androids in the appearance of his deceased friends, all of these androids are potent Duelists in their own right. He is also capable of changing his form as  Primo  and  Lester  have before, taking the form of  Sherry LeBlanc 's father and  Yusei Fudo .
 Z-one is capable of  Clear Mind , as demonstrated when he Summoned " Shooting Star Dragon " in  episode 149  to defend against the  Meklord Emperors .
 Sherry stated that he is capable of granting any wish, as he promised to change her past so that her parents can live again, however Sherry found this debatable and wasn't sure if he could actually do that. [8] 
 He is capable of moving his mechanical arms even if they aren't directly attached to him. [9]  He is also capable of floating and flying using the technology he is strapped in, which allows him to Turbo Duel in the air even. [10] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Z-one's original appearance     
 In Z-one's time when he was a scientist, humanity's accelerated evolution leads to a society that is cruel, greedy and corrupt. Then one day, an army of  Meklord Emperors  appear to attack New Domino City. Watching the chaos that was spreading, Z-one researched a way to stop the Meklord Emperors by stopping their power source,  Ener-D  and the  Planetary Gear  which responded to people's hearts. Knowing he himself would not be enough to inspire people to change their ways, Z-one remembered the stories of a legendary hero who had saved New Domino City in the past. Researching Yusei's defeat of the  Dark Signers  and  Earthbound Immortals , Z-one resolved to become Yusei himself, believing that by copying his personality and appearance he could be the hero the people needed. Using footage of Yusei's Duels, he became an identical copy of Yusei, the result being identical to the real Yusei in every detail saved in a  cybernetic plate  over the right side of his face. To keep the plate concealed Z-one kept his helmet on at all times, only revealing the left side of his face which bore Yusei's  criminal mark . [3] 
 
         Z-one after assuming Yusei's identity.     
 As Yusei, Z-one rallied the people of the world, telling them it was their accelerated evolution and greed that had lead to the rise of the Meklord Emperors by reversing the Planetary Gear, and only by changing their society could they make it turn in the proper direction again and hopefully destroy the Meklord Emperors. Achieving  Clear Mind  and Summoning " Shooting Star Dragon " to battle the Meklord Emperors, Z-one demonstrated that they could defeat the enemies by having the right state of mind. People took notice of his example and followed him, helping each other and learning to understand one another. With their negative feelings gone, the Meklord Emperors stopped attacking them. However, Z-one's efforts were too late, and there were still too many negative emotions in people -  Zero Reverse  occurred and society was destroyed, leaving few survivors. Z-one's  cybernetic plate  was damaged during the incident. Since then his outlook changed, as he believed his efforts had been in vain and that changing the hearts of humanity was impossible. Thus, the only way to save his future was to do so in the past, before Ener-D became widely used and the Meklord Emperors appeared. [3] 
 Z-one saw Antinomy, who having given-up on life, was about to let himself be killed by a Meklord Emperor, but Z-one intervened and blasted the Meklord Emperor away with a laser cannon, saving Antinomy. [11] 
 
         Aporia, Antinomy, Paradox and Z-one in their old age, as they worked on a way to restore humanity.     
 Z-one also met  Paradox  at some point. In their old age, the two of them and Antinomy met  Aporia . As the only survivors of the human race, the four of them believed it to be their mission to create a better future. They tried to dispose of the core power of Ener-D, which wiped out the world before and performed countless experiments to try and find a solution to restore the world to the way it once was. During their attempts, Z-one had his body mechanized in order to prolong his life and his companions began to die. [12] 
 After Paradox died, Z-one sent an embodiment of him back in time as a trial to eliminate the root source of  Duel Monsters , by killing its creator  Maximillion Pegasus . However, this plan failed as Paradox ran into the likes of  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki  and  Yusei Fudo , who banded together to defeat him. [4] [13] 
 Before Antinomy died, Z-one said that he was going to need his strength to save the world. Antinomy was confident that the day would come when the world would be saved, so to ensure this, he asked that he be put to work as Z-one's servant. After Antinomy died, Z-one sent an embodiment of him to the past, where he was given the mission to protect Yusei Fudo and aid in his growth. [11] 
 As Aporia was about to die, he placed himself in a capsule and asked Z-one to do whatever it took to prevent their future from ever occurring. He insisted that Z-one split him into three embodiments based on the three despairs of his life. Z-one split Aporia into the embodiments  Lester ,  Primo  and  Jakob  and sent them back to the past, where they served as the  Three Pure Nobles . [12] 
 Z-one also built the  Divine Temple  out of the ruins of  the future  New Domino City , including the  Daedalus Bridge  and  Old Ener-D  as an energy source.
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
         A human eye inside the machine, when he was upside-down.     
 Z-one primarily existed within a mysterious white dimension. Yusei Fudo,  Sherry LeBlanc  and the embodiment of Antinomy, who had been stripped of his memories and called himself Bruno, were transported here after they scanned the " Z-ONE " card at  Sector Security . They saw Z-one and were then transported to the outskirts of the city. [14] 
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Later after achieving  Clear Mind , Yusei found the " Shooting Star Dragon " tablet outside the city, upon touching it he was transported to location he saw Z-one earlier. It is there that Z-one gives him the respective card. Z-one gave a blank card to Yusei and explained that it had the possibility of  Accel Synchro . He advised Yusei to believe what he thinks is right and then disappeared as Yusei returned to the location where the tablet landed. [15] 
 
         Z-one in the form of  Sherry's father .     
 Z-one met Sherry again, after she had been sucked out of a  dimension shuttle  when trapped in a wormhole. He appeared in the form of  Dr. LeBlanc  to Sherry, but explained that he only looked that way because that is what her heart was showing. He offered to tell Sherry the truth, but she must accept her destiny being altered. [16] 
 Z-one showed Sherry a vision of the future where the world has been destroyed and blamed the destruction on  Ener-D . [17]   He allegedly also showed her a vision where Yusei Fudo dies after boarding the  Divine Temple . [18] 
 Z-one told Sherry that he had the power to grant any wish and in exchange for her helping him, he promised to bring her parents back to life. He then gave her " Soul-Binding Gate " to help her fight for his cause. [19] 
 
 Ark Cradle 
 After Yusei defeated Aporia, in the World Racing Grand Prix, the  Grand Design  was completed, allowing the  Divine Temple  to appear and begin its descent upon  New Domino City . Z-one, along the human corpses of Paradox, Antinomy, and Aporia were within the Divine Temple. Z-one recovered the remains of Aporia's mechanical body, which had been damaged after Aporia's Duel with Yusei. Z-one informed Aporia that despite losing the Duel, he did not fail completely because the Divine Temple appeared. He said that they can continue their plan, but with a few changes. Z-one asked Aporia if he was willing to try to change the future again. Considering himself Z-one's eternal friend, Aporia agreed to help. [20] 
 Z-one assigned Sherry and Aporia to guarding two of the Divine Temple's three outer main  Planetary Gears . [21] [22] 
 Z-one had Sherry inform Yusei of his plans to change history by destroying New Domino. Sherry also warned Yusei of his future death, but knew it wouldn't stop him boarding. Z-one questioned why she warned him, knowing it wouldn't make a difference. Sherry explained that it was courtesy and a testimony to her old friend, especially as she planned to kill him. [18] 
 Once,  Team 5D's  and Antinomy arrived on top of the Divine Temple, Z-one opened a hole in the ground below them, [18]  causing the group split-up and fall onto three platforms, each leading to a different Planetary Gear. Z-one had Sherry fight  Akiza  and  Crow  at the first [21]  and Aporia Duel  Jack ,  Leo  and  Luna  at the second. [22]  In both cases, his servants lost. [19] [23] 
 When Yusei and Antinomy reached the third Planetary Gear, Z-one restored Antinomy's memory, so Antinomy proceeded to Duel Yusei at this Planetary Gear. [23]  Antinomy also lost and gave his life to save Yusei from the  Death Course . [24] 
 Once  Team 5D's  stopped all three of the Planetary Gears, they gained access to the Central Gear, which led them to a scrapyard-like area, where they faced Z-one. Z-one explained that Ener-D and  Synchro Summoning  are responsible for the future destruction of humanity and he plans on destroying New Domino City and its Ener-D to prevent this happening. He told them that he had sent Paradox, Aporia and Antinomy back in time as part of his plan. Enraged over how Z-one used Antinomy, who Yusei knew as Bruno, Yusei prepared to Duel Z-one, but was interrupted by Aporia. [4] 
 
         Z-one's Dueling form.     
 Having found hope from Team 5D's, Aporia changed his mind. He tried to remind Z-one that he also once had hope in Team 5D's, which is why he had Antinomy help them grow. Z-one denied that that hope exists, so Aporia challenged him to a Duel to remind him. Z-one then equipped himself with a large set of mechanical hands and Deck holder. Stone  Duel Monsters  slabs in the arena flew into the holder and formed his Deck. [4] 
 Aporia managed to reduce his Deck to zero cards and activated " Afterglow ", which returned to his Deck. If Aporia could draw that on his next turn, he would win. However Z-one used his turn to shuffle thirty three cards back into Aporia's Deck and ready " Lazion, the Timelord " to inflict enough damage to defeat Aporia after drawing his next card. Effectively, this meant that if Aporia drew "Afterglow", he would win, but anything else, he would lose. This gave Aporia a 1/34 chance of winning. If hope truly was on Aporia's side, Z-one said he would win despite the odds. However, in ironic twist of fate, Aporia drew " Meklord Emperor Granel ," the monster which also caused the major despairs of his life, and lost. [25] 
 Aporia thought he had failed, but Yusei told him by teaching them of Z-one's " Timelord " cards, he has given them hope. Aporia then added wing modifications to  Yusei Go , before dying.  Leo  angrily asked Z-one why he would harm his own friend, like this. However Z-one said that he did not consider the Antinomy and Aporia that Team 5D's knew as his friends, as they were only mechanical reconstructions of them. Yusei asked if Z-one ever considered that they may still be his friends and challenged Z-one to a Duel. Z-one agreed to the Duel and told Yusei to use his modified Duel Runner. Before the Duel, Team 5D's gave their  Signer Dragons  to Yusei and Z-one caused six monitors to appear around the Divine Temple, so that the citizens of New Domino could watch the Duel. [25] 
 
         Z-one's mask breaks.     
 During the Duel, Yusei began Summoning the Signer Dragons and managed to damage Z-one's mask, revealing that his face resembles Yusei's. [5]  Z-one claimed to be the future version of Yusei Fudo, but Yusei refused to believe such, saying that he would never think to save the future by sacrificing the city. Instead, Z-one explained how he had became Yusei, tried saving people the conventional way and concluded that it wouldn't work. [3]  Z-one and Yusei continued the Duel and he proceeded to Summon five " Timelord " monsters. [3]  Z-one assaults Yusei with all five of his monsters, but Yusei endures and calls on the bonds of his friends to Over Limit Accel Synchro Summon " Shooting Quasar Dragon ". "Shooting Quasar Dragon" destroys all five of Z-one's monsters along with itself, allowing Yusei to ultimately Summon "Shooting Star Dragon" and attacking directly to reduce Z-one to 700 Life Points. With his final move, Z-one summons " Sephylon, the Timelord " and revives four other of his " Timelords ", raising the ATK of "Sephylon" to 20,000. Z-one destroys "Shooting Star Dragon", but Yusei uses the Trap " Converging Wishes " to Summon " Stardust Dragon " and raise its ATK to 23,000. Yusei then uses the second effect of "Converging Wishes" to force "Sephylon" to attack "Stardust Dragon" five times, depleting Z-one's Life Points. [26] 
 
         Z-one, moments before dying.     
 Defeated, Z-one's machine spirals out of control and crashes, the rest of his mask falling away. Yusei drives down to him, and Z-one tells Yusei the machine that prolongs his life will soon shut down. Z-one thinks back on his bonds with Aporia, Paradox and Antinomy, and asks Yusei if his actions were wrong. Yusei denies this, telling Z-one that he merely wanted to save his future, and by telling the people of the present about it they now have a chance to change things for the better. However, the Divine Temple is still falling, and Z-one realizes Yusei plans to sacrifice himself to make it rise up again, using the Ener-D reactor in the  Yusei Go  to reverse the negative reactor in the Divine Temple. Yusei drives into the reactor and Z-one follows, telling Yusei his machine is equipped with an Ener-D reactor of its own. Telling Yusei the future is entrusted to him now, Z-one throws him back and crashes into the reactor. Before dying, he wishes to meet Antinomy, Aporia and Paradox in a changed future. [26]  Afterwards, Yusei developed the computer program  Fortune , stopping the  Meklord Emperor Genocide  from occuring in the first place, so Z-one may have gotten his wish.
 
 
 Deck 
 Z-one uses a  " Timelord " Deck , focused on a  Burn / Bouncing  play style. His "Timelord"  monsters  are  Level  10, but he uses " Nonexistence " and its upgraded forms " Endless Emptiness " and " Infinite Light " to Summon them from his hand en masse without the need for  Tributes  and Summoning his ace " Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord ". He also uses tarot-themed  Trap Cards  that  activate  directly from his hand. The names of his monsters are references to the archangels of Sephirot, and correspondingly there are eleven "Timelords", ten for each aspect of the Sephirot and one representing the entire group. Despite competing in both  Ground Duels  and  Turbo Duels , Z-one was only shown using one Deck. In the apocalyptic future, Z-one was also shown to use " Shooting Star Dragon " while impersonating Yusei Fudo.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gabrion, the Timelord 
 Hailon, the Timelord 
 Kamion, the Timelord 
 Lazion, the Timelord 
 Metaion, the Timelord 
 Michion, the Timelord 
 Raphion, the Timelord 
 Sadion, the Timelord 
 Sandaion, the Timelord 
 Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord 
 Time Angel 
 Time Maiden 
 Zaphion, the Timelord Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Traps 
 Empress's Crown 
 Empress's Staff 
 Endless Emptiness 
 Foolish Decision 
 Infinite Light 
 Magician's Adage 
 Nonexistence  x2 [Notes 1] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Aporia 
 146 - 147 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 147 - 151 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 When Z-one assumed the identity of Yusei, he used the pronoun "ore", as does Yusei. After he lost all hope in changing the hearts of people, he changed to the pronoun "watashi". It is unknown what pronoun Z-one used before assuming Yusei's identity, but it was most likely "watashi". 
 Z-one ultimately never has a true impact on the Dub, as the Ark Cradle arc wasn't dubbed. Thus Bruno/Antimony and Paradox were never traced back to him. 
 Z-one's name is similar to that of Zorc, the final villain in the original Yu-Gi-Oh! series. Both start with "Z" and the last 3 letters are similar to the "orc" in Zorc. Later, Z-Arc from the ARC-V series (another odd numbered Yu-Gi-Oh! series) would share this similarity as well. 
 Ish Kiq Goodwin  is shown inside a vehicle resembling a darker version of his life support device. 
 After defeating Rex in the manga, a mysterious voice offers Yusei any wish to be his, and one of the examples shows a single panel of Z-one. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Duel Box 13 settei 
 
 ↑   Katsumi Ono  (4:20 February 24, 2011 GMT).  "ゾーンが生身だったのが200年くらいの未来で現在のゾーンは、それよりすっごい先の未来から来たと想定してます。"  (in Japanese). Twitter .  https://twitter.com/katsuono/status/40627070610444288 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 149: " The Revived Hero " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 146: " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 148: " Just One Chance to Turn It All Around " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 107: " Primo's Plan, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 110: " Primo's Plan, Part 5 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 139: " The Enchanting Field! École de Zone " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 146: " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 147: " A Hope Bound for the Future! " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 144: " Beginning of the End, Struggle to the Death for the Future! " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 135: " Fight for the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 93: " The Question of the Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 107: " Primo's Plan, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 117: " The Distorted Past " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 131: " The Beginning of the End " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   18.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 138: " Suspension Bridge toward the Future, The Rainbow Bridge Bifrost " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 140: " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 137: " An Approaching Terror - The Citadel of God, Ark Cradle " 
 
 ↑  21.0   21.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 139: " The Enchanting Field! École de Zone " 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 141: " Duel of Despair! Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress! " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 143: " The Miracle of Life, Life Stream Dragon!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 145: " Faster than Light!! " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 147: " A Hope Bound for the Future! " 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 151: " Converging Wishes " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The second copy of this card can be seen in stone form as  Team 5D's  enter Z-one's chamber in  episode 146 . 
 
 
 v e 
Z-one pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 ← TF05   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6   characters 
 Player 
 First tier 
 001  Yusei Fudo 
 002  Jack Atlas 
 003  Crow Hogan 
 004  Akiza Izinski 
 005  Leo 
 006  Luna 
 007  Bruno 
 008  Tetsu Trudge 
 009  Jean 
 010  Taro Yamashita 
 011  Dragan 
 012  Broder 
 013  Halldor 
 014  Sherry LeBlanc 
 015  Aporia 
 016  Z-one 
 017  Rex Goodwin 
 018  Rally Dawson 
 Second tier 
 019  Andre 
 020  Breo 
 021  Yoshizo Hayashi 
 022  Jinbei Tanigawa 
 023  Primo 
 024  Lester 
 025  Jakob 
 026  Mina Simington 
 027  Lazar 
 028  Carly Carmine 
 029  Misty Tredwell 
 030  Kalin Kessler 
 031  Greiger 
 032  Devack 
 033  Roman Goodwin 
 Third tier 
 034  Mimicry 
 035  Georg 
 036  Hose 
 037  Lioside 
 038  Dean 
 039  Wade 
 040  Gillian 
 041  KENYoU 
 042  Bivin 
 043  Rio 
 044  Mathew 
 045  Enzo 
 046  Terence 
 047  Simon 
 048  Jaime 
 049  Syun 
 050  Disa 
 051  Masha 
 052  Rie 
 053  Jewels 
 054  Andrea 
 055  Lily 
 056  Maki 
 057  Anca 
 058  Yumi 
 059  Celia 
 060  Rei 
 061  Kaia 
 062  Maia 
 063  Maci 
 064  Nataly 
 065  Kami 
 066  Wisteria 
 067  Cherry 
 068  Yuma 
 069  Odelia 
 070  Tasha 
 071  Rayna 
 072  Bright 
 073  Ida 
 074  Nadia 
 075  Reyna 
 076  Maggie 
 077  Hana 
 078  Cali 
 079  Naomi 
 080  Moses 
 081  Ivan 
 082  Giry 
 083  Michael 
 084  Taku 
 085  Bawnji 
 086  Walter 
 087  Hayden 
 088  Zanny 
 089  Nathan 
 090  Daisy 
 091  Edith 
 092  Mint 
 093  Lara 
 094  Olivia 
 095  Nadine 
 096  Sara 
 097  Pearl 
 098  Emma 
 099  Alice 
 100  Jumbo 
 101  Ryusei 
 102  King Jyaku 
 103  Duelua 
 104  Dueluka 
 105  Nanosa 
 Story only 
 Ghost 
 Yusei Fudo double 
 Non-Duelist 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Blister 
 Bob 
 Cheerleader 
 Dexter 
 Elsworth 
 Familiar 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Kaz 
 Martha 
 MC 
 Patty 
 Rathie 
 Showgirl 
 Sly 
 Stephanie 
 Zora 
 
 Portal 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Z-one_Profile.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20211017110722', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Zone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150409022205', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Zone2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150409022353', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Z-one_full_appearance.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20211102160915', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Z-oneshumanform.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110514064030', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/5Dx144_Z-one_Yusei.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110124000230', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/5Dx135_Survivors.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121111214023', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Yliaster_machine_eye.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100123204734', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/5Dx117_Sherry_takes_his_hand.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100713200108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Z-one_Dueling_Form.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20211108225940', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/5Dx149_Z-one.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110223091850', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/5Dx151_Z-one%27s_death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110313010944']
Categories: Characters, Z-one pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters