Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tag_Duel

A  Tag-Team Duel  (タッグヂュエル  Taggu Dyueru ) (also known as " 2v2 Duel " or " Tag Duel ") is a  Duel  played between two teams of 2 players each. All standard  rules  apply, and each team is given a shared  LP  counter of 8000 or 16000. See  TCG Official Tag Duel Rules  as of August 27th, 2013.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Rules 
 2   Video games 
 3   Tag-Team Duels in the anime 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3.3   Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's 
 3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 3.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 3.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 3.7   Tag-Team specific cards 
 
 
 4   References 
 
 
 Rules 
 When taking part in a Tag-Team Duel, both teams consist of 2 players. Players share a combined Life Point total and their  fields  and  Graveyards . Teammates are allowed to compare hands and communicate strategies, as long as the other team is able to hear them, and they can use each other’s cards while they are on the field (i.e. Set Spells, Traps, or Monsters). However, no player can summon from their teammate’s  Extra Deck .
 In addition, cards that effect or have requirements concerning the Field must have both teammate’s Fields be taken into consideration (i.e. if your teammate controls a monster, you cannot Special Summon  Cyber Dragon .
 This rule setup is not to be confused with the similar  Battle Royal . [1] 
 
 Video games 
 Players can play in a style similar to Tag Dueling in various video games, such as the  World Championship  and  Tag Force  series. In these games, both players share 5  Monster Card Zones , five  Spell & Trap Card Zones , a  Graveyard , a  Banished  Zone and a  Field Zone . The  Duel  proceeds like a normal Duel, with the  Main Deck ,  Extra Deck , and  hand  changing as each teammate becomes the new  turn  player of the team at the start of every other turn. Any player-specific cards will only affect the turn players of each team at the moment, making it entirely possible for a player to get a card owned by a teammate returned to their hand.
 The same rules apply for Tag Turbo Duels in  Over the Nexus .
 
 Tag-Team Duels in the anime 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 The first Tag Team Duel in the anime was  Yugi Muto  and  Joey Wheeler  vs. the  Paradox Brothers . There have also been occurrences of 2 vs. 1 Duels (e.g Yugi and Kaiba vs. Dartz) and even 3 vs. 1 Duels ( Tristan ,  Serenity  and  Duke  vs.  Nezbitt  in the  Virtual World  Arc).
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Tag-Team Duels are also found in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX . The first was  Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  vs. the  Paradox Brothers , followed by  Frost  and  Thunder  vs.  Syrus Truesdale  and  Tyranno Hassleberry , then followed by  Sarina  and a clone of herself vs.  Jaden Yuki  and  Aster Phoenix . A Tag-Team tournament was seen in Season 4.
 The rules of the Syrus/Hassleberry vs. Frost/Thunder Duel are different than most anime tag Duels, since the four players were all given their own Life Point counter.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's 
 These rules have been also used in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , when  Yusei Fudo  and  Crow Hogan  teamed up to face off against  Sector Security . Furthermore, even though it took place through a  Turbo Duel , the 2008 World Championship rules weren't changed. In the series it has been revealed that this type of Team Dueling is supported even on the world of Turbo Dueling. As there has been shown in the anime the existence of special  Duel Runners  for Tag-Team Duels.
 A 3-on-1 Tag Duel happened from episodes  62  to  64 .  Rex Goodwin , who was alone, started with 3 times the standard amount of Life Points, or 12000, while Yusei Fudo,  Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan had separate fields, Decks and Life Point counters of 4000. Effects of cards used by Rex that targeted the opponent player targeted only one of the three, by his choice.
 According to  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , during the 3 vs. 1 Duel between Yusei, Jaden and Yugi vs.  Paradox , tag-team players are able to share cards on the field. An example of this is displayed when Yusei allowed Yugi to use the effect of " Reincarnation of Hope "  or when Jaden borrowed Yusei's " Junk Gardna " to fuse with " Elemental Hero Neos " to Summon " Elemental Hero Neos Knight ". In addition,  Spells  or  Traps  could be used to affect monsters that are under your partner's control.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL , a Tag Duel is seen in  episode 11 , only with a rule set similar to Yugi's and Kaiba's Duel in Battle City where all 4 players have separate Life Points.
 Another is seen in  episode 37 , this time being a 2v1 match, all players with separated Life Points, and if one player lost, his/her partner would lose as well. It is seen again in  episode 42  where  Yuma  and  Kite  Dueled against  Trey  and  Quattro .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , a Tag Duel occurs in  episode 107  between  Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler  against  Allen Kozuki  and  Saya Sasayama . In this Duel both players followed the normal Tag Team Rules where each player shared a set of 4000 LP and the same field and Graveyard.
 Another Tag Duel occurred in  episode 108  between  Yuya Sakaki  and  Shay Obsidian  against once again  Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS , in  Episode 106 / Episode 107 ,  Roboppi  duels both  The Shepherd  and  Ghost Gal , with the latter teaming together and sharing the same  LP , Field, and  GY .  Ai  then duels  Blue Maiden / Akira Zaizen  with the same rules applied during  episode 110 / episode 111 .
 
 Tag-Team specific cards 
 Some anime-only cards in the anime can only be used in a Tag Team Duel:
 
 Side Attack 
 Bit Shoot 
 Reflector Bit 
 Revolving Stage 
 Mirror Trap 
 Partner Change 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://www.yu-jyo.net/003/122.shtml 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Games