Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Joey_Wheeler_and_Duke_Devlin%27s_Duel


 
 Joey Wheeler and Duke Devlin's Duel 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Joey Wheeler Duke Devlin 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Duke Devlin 
 
 
 Event 
 Domino City Battles 
 
 
 Location 
 Black Clown 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 46:  " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  and  Duke Devlin  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Domino City Battles , in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  Katsuya Jonouchi and Ryuji Otogi's Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Prior Events 
 A new Game store opens and a new student transfers to  Yugi Muto 's class. His name is Duke Devlin, a teen with a knack for dice, and he owns the new store. After school Joey challenges Duke to a duel, and make a wager: If Joey wins, Duke has to close down his store, but if Duke wins, Joey has to be his servant for a week. They head to the store where Joey gets some good cards and Duke broadcasts the duel on TV for all to see.
 
 Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler Vs. Duke Devlin 
 Turn 1: Duke 
 Duke  draws " Oni Tank T-34 " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/1700) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Sword Hunter " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2450/1700) in Attack Position. "Sword Hunter"  attacks  and  destroys  "Oni Tank T-34" (Duke 2000 → 950). Since "Sword Hunter" destroyed a monster by battle, its effect activates,  equipping  the destroyed  monster  to itself and increasing its ATK by 200 ("Sword Hunter": 2450 → 2650/1700).
 Turn 3: Duke 
Duke draws " Michizure ". He then Normal Summons " Dark Bat " (1000/1000) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 4: Joey 
Joey draws. He then Normal Summons " Mad Sword Beast " (1400/1200) in Attack Position. "Mad Sword Beast" attacks and destroys "Dark Bat". "Mad Sword Beast" then inflicts piercing  damage  to Duke (Duke 950 → 550). Since one of Duke's monsters was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Duke  activates  his face-down " Michizure " to destroy Joey's "Sword Hunter".
 Turn 5: Duke 
Duke draws "Limiter Removal" and subsequently Sets it. He then Normal Summons " Spikebot " (1800/1700) in Attack Position. "Spikebot" attacks and destroys "Mad Sword Beast" (Joey 2000 → 1600). 
 Turn 6: Joey 
Joey draws " Goblin Attack Force " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2300/0) in Attack Position. "Goblin Attack Force" attacks and destroys "Spikebot" (Duke: 550 → 50). Since "Goblin Attack Force" attacked, its effect switches it to Defense Position after it attacks and Joey won't be allowed to switch his monster's battle position until his next turn.
 Turn 7: Duke 
Duke draws. He then Normal Summons " Gradius " (1200/800) in Attack Position. Duke then activates his face-down " Limiter Removal " to double the ATK of "Gradius" ("Gradius": 1200 → 2400/800) until the End Phase. When it is Duke's End Phase, the last effect of "Limiter Removal" will destroy "Gradius". Duke then activates " Fairy Meteor Crush ", equipping it to "Gradius" and granting it the ability to inflict piercing damage. "Gradius" attacks and destroys "Goblin Attack Force". "Gradius" then inflicts piercing damage to Joey (Joey 1600 → 0).
 
 Aftermath 
 Joey is devastated that he lost, only for him to realize that he no longer had something to fight for, the strength of the heart of the cards. Even though Joey's friends tried to cheer him up, Duke immediately put Joey to work by dressing him up as a dog. Disgusted by the way Duke is treating Joey, Yugi changes into  Yami Yugi  and intervines, challenging him to a duel, but Duke says the game they will be playing will be the one he invented: Dungeon Dice Monsters, with even higher stakes: Should Yugi lose, he has to swear on his grandfather's life to never play Duel Monsters again and give up his title of "King of Games". Yugi accepts the terms and the battle soon begins.
 
 
 
 
Categories: