Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_077


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 077 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 登場！スーパーエリート転校生 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tōjō! Sūpā Erīto Tenkōsei 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Entry! Super-Elite Transfer Student 
 
 
 English 
 Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 077 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 23, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 30, 2010 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " FREEDOM " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " -OZONE- " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuji Kokai 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Bird of Roses 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Syd Is Vicious " 
 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 1 ", known as " Entry! Super-Elite Transfer Student " in the Japanese version, is the seventy-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 23, 2009 and in the United States on October 30, 2010.
 Lester  transfers into the  Duel Academy  posing as a prestigious student.  Leo  becomes suspicious of Lester when he gets close to  Luna  and shows her a  Duel Board .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Duel practice with Yusei and Akiza 
 1.2   Meanwhile with the 3 Emperors of Iliaster 
 1.3   Back in the city 
 1.4   Area of the meteorite 
 1.5   At Duel Academy 
 1.6   In the Poppo Time shack 
 1.7   Next day outside Duel Academy 
 1.8   In Duel Academy 
 1.9   Outside Duel Academy 
 1.10   Back in Duel Academy 
 1.11   Lester's mansion 
 1.12   In the basement of the Poppo Time shack 
 1.13   Meanwhile with Luna and Lester 
 1.14   Back in the basement of the Poppo time shack 
 1.15   The next day 
 
 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yusei vs. Akiza 
 2.2   Leo vs. Lester 
 2.3   Luna vs. Bob 
 2.4   Leo and Luna vs. Lester 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Card creation contest 
 6   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Duel practice with Yusei and Akiza 
 It starts with  Yusei  and  Akiza  in a Turbo Duel. Yusei activates the effect of " Junk Archer ", which removes " Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis ", and then  attacks   directly . "Junk Archer" shoots another arrow, hitting a part of Akiza's Duel Runner, and her Life Points go from 4000 to 1700. Akiza starts to lose balance on her Duel Runner, but Yusei tells her to not try controlling it by force, and instead put more weight into it. Akiza does as he says, and she regains her grip and balance. Leo and Luna wave to Akiza as she drives by where the twins are sitting. Luna comments Akiza has gotten really caught up in Turbo Dueling, which Leo agrees by saying yes. As Leo watches Yusei and Akiza, he comments that he wants to  Turbo Duel  too. Luna says Leo Turbo Dueling, and then begins to laugh, and says she won't say it. Leo, embarrassed, tells her she doesn't have to laugh so much. Leo turns back to Yusei and Akiza thinking to himself "One day, I'm going to challenge Yusei and  Jack  to a Turbo Duel too!"
 
 Meanwhile with the 3 Emperors of Iliaster 
 They're on their thrones watching Yusei and Akiza's duel. Lester complains it's lame, and continues saying here he thought that the circuits would start up because it's a Duel between two Signers.  Jakob  says not enough power it seems, and says but still they mustn't be impatient. He explains it all starts with the WRGP, and continues saying "Only once all of the circuits are completed by the  WRGP , will the great power we desire, the power enveloping this world will be unleashed." (Jakob is referring to the Divine Temple).  Primo  however interjects asking if things will really go smoothly, causing Jakob to look at him. Primo continues saying "Don't tell me you've forgotten about the Crimson Dragon existence, Goodwin's plan failed because of the Crimson Dragon. As long as they're (the  Signers ) around, I can't see our plans proceeding on as scheduled."  Lester  asks Primo what his point is.
 Primo points at Yusei (who is on the view screen) and says he will defeat him and steal " Stardust Dragon ", and continues saying if they just steal "Stardust Dragon", the  Crimson Dragon  can't muddle up their plans. Lester questions Primo, and brings up how Primo couldn't even beat Yusei before, and then laughs silent, but evilly. Primo doesn't like that, but before he can say anything, Lester says it's here (the screen pans over to space, where a Tablet is falling towards the earth). Switching back to the 3 Emperors of Yiliaster, Lester says "It's my Tablet! I've been waiting for you! I knew Primo wouldn't be able to do this on his own!" Lester then silently laughs sinisterly, while the other two make no comment.
 
 Back in the city 
 The people notice the  tablet , as it smashes into an area away from them on the outskirts of  New Domino City , creating a big explosion. The screen pans over to the crater it made, and then pans down in it where the Tablet is. Crow tells Yusei about the meteorite, which shocks Yusei who asks more about it. Crow answers by saying from what he has heard; it's raising a big stink. Leo says so that rumbling a while ago was a meteorite. Yusei says that Ghost appeared right after a meteorite crashed around the last time. Crow agrees, while Akiza asks if the same thing is going to happen this time too. Yusei thinks so and says it may be some kind of forewarning. Crow suggests in that case how about they go check it out, which the others agree.
 
 Area of the meteorite 
 People are gathered around, as Crow walks up to one of them, who says this point is off-limits. Crow asks about the meteorite, to which the guy says those security guys took it some time ago. As the other walk over, Leo says
they're too late. Akiza looks at Yusei saying his name, to which Yusei says yes, agreeing with Leo. Yusei get's an tensed look on his face as he thinks to himself "What is this uneasiness? I have a bad feeling about this."
 
 At Duel Academy 
 Students are heard saying good morning. Ms Barttlet says today she will be introducing a new friend to everyone, and finishes by asking him to come in (the person walks in with long brown hair). As he walks over, Ms Bartlett says he just transferred here, and his name is Lester. He introduces himself saying he is Lester, and finishes saying pleased to meet them. The girls (including Luna) seem to be blushing a bit, and the guys seem to be in awe, but  Leo  looks a bit annoyed and not interested. Lester looks at Luna and smiles, causing Luna to turn her head slightly and blush even more. Leo however still seems a bit annoyed and not interested, and thinks "What's his deal? Talk about creepy."
 Ms Bartlett continues saying everyone is familiar with the Juvenile Grand Prix, that takes place at the Duel Academy east branch. Bob raises his hand saying It's the tournament said to be tough to even enter. Ms Bartlett replies yes, and that Lester won that tournament. Patty is surprised he won it. Ms Bartlett finishes saying if they have any questions, feel free to ask Lester, saying she's sure it will help them in their studies, to which everyone says yes ma'am. Luna turns to Leo (while still blushing) and says that boy (Lester) sure gives off a pleasant vibe doesn't he, to which Leo simply says "You think so?" Leo then turns to Lester and thinks "Him winning, my foot", and thinks that Lester was just lucky, and finishes mentally saying he would beat Lester in one shot.
 The screen then pans over to Leo yelling, as Lester commands " Gear Golem the Moving Fortress " to attack " Morphtronic Videon " (" Limiter Removal " is shown in play, so "Gear Golem the Moving Fortress" had 1600 ATK when it attacked). "Morphtronic Videon" is destroyed, causing Leo's remaining 600 Life Points to drop down to 0 as he falls down to the ground. Ms Bartlett declares Lester the winner. Patty says nice combo, while Bob says that's a veteran champion for you, and that Leo and him (Lester) are on two different levels. Leo, who heard this, looks annoyed. Lester, however, says it's not a big deal. Ms Bartlett then says next up to  Duel  is Bob and Luna. As Luna runs past Lester, she tells him good job. Lester tells her good luck. Luna stops and turns to him, blushing slightly while saying thank you, and says for him to watch her duel. Lester thinks to himself saying "Now, show me how a real Signer Duels."
 The duel between  Luna  and  Bob  starts. Luna summons the level 4 " Sunlight Unicorn ", and then sets two cards face-down in her Spell/Trap card zone, ending her turn. Bob begins his turn while Lester seems suspicious. After the Duel, as Luna is walking, Lester catches up to her, which then causes Luna to say his name. Lester asks what happened in her Duel just now, which confuses her. He says with her skills, it shouldn't have taken her more than a minute to beat someone like that. Luna tells him to wait, but he asks if she's not feeling well. Luna says/stutters that's not it, and says truthfully that was her skills, and then says she's in a hurry and has to leave. Luna walks away while saying bye. Lester however says "She's hiding her true identity as a Signer here, is she? I have a plan then" (In the dub version when Lester catches up to her, he asks Luna why she lost that Duel and even says it almost looked like she let that other guy win, and after she leaves he says she lost that Duel on purpose. However, in the original, there is no indication that Luna held back at all, let alone losing the Duel).
 
 In the Poppo Time shack 
 Luna says it was a really great combo, and says the timing Lester chose his cards couldn't have been better. She finishes saying he's always one step ahead, and that he's so cool. Yusei smiles saying "That's rare, to think of
someone like you giving someone so much praise Luna." Luna says because Lester is really wonderful, and turns to Leo asking what he thinks. Leo however doesn't seem to like the praise and affection she's giving Lester, and says in a slight annoyed tone "Is that so, aren't you overdoing it a little?", and in another sub version he said "That so, sure he's not just lucky?" (in the dub version, Leo says "Na there's something fishy about him if you ask me") This catches Yusei's attention. Leo get's up and says it's about time for him to head back home, and walks out and says see ya. Once the door shuts, Yusei get's up while asking Luna what happened. Luna says that it seems like he's angry because he lost to Lester in a duel.
 
 Next day outside Duel Academy 
 Leo and Luna are walking towards Duel Academy while saying good morning to some of their classmates (and waving). Lester calls Luna's name, causing them to face him, with Leo looking annoyed. They walk up to Lester who greets Luna good morning, and that he's been waiting for her. He then says to Luna that he wants to speak to her about something. Luna is a bit curious and says/asks "me?", to which Lester nods saying yes. Leo, however, says he could do without. Lester asks Luna if she has time after school. Leo, however, waves his hand up while saying "nope, absolutely not". Lester ignores him and asks her if she would like to come over to his house, because there is something he wants to show her. Luna is curious, while Lester says she'll find out after she comes over. Leo steps in-front of Luna and tells Lester he said she can't, and that they have plans after school, so they will be busy (in the dub Leo tells Lester to go brush his hair). Lester says he is talking to Luna, and asks Leo "Would you mind not cutting in?" (in the dub Lester bluntly tells him to butt out). Leo becomes very angry and says "Luna and I are always together, if I say no, then it's no for her as well!", and in another sub he says "Luna and I are one in the same, if I can't she can't!". Leo then grabs Luna's hand and walks away with an annoyed look and says for them to go, while Luna tells Leo to stop pulling. Luna waves to Lester saying sorry. Lester has an annoyed look on his face as he watches them leave.
 
 In Duel Academy 
 Leo and Luna are walking, with Leo looking annoyed. Luna asks Leo why he hates Lester so much just because he lost. Leo however walks away simply saying "I don't particularly hate him." (In the dub version, Leo said "Look there's just something off about that guy!") Luna lowers her head and sighs. Later on, Leo and Bob appear to be walking together talking about something. Ms Bartlett steps in-front of them asking Leo if he could stay after school, and says she has something she wants him to do. Leo replies saying yes ma'am. Ms Bartlett walks past them saying she appreciates it. After walking around the corner, the disguise disappears, revealing Lester (who tricked Leo), and simply walks off.
 
 Outside Duel Academy 
 Luna says goodbye to Bob and Patty, who also says goodbye, and then walks off. As Luna is walking, a honk is heard, causing Luna to stop and face the direction of the noise. A black limousine pulls up to Luna. The third window opens, revealing Lester who greets Luna. Luna comments that's one fancy car he's in. Lester says "Your not with Leo?", and asks if she wants to take a ride. She doesn't seem too sure about that, but Lester says they'll go to his house, and that he said he had something to show her. Luna replies yes, since he went through so much trouble.
 Bob and Patty, who're walking together, see Luna and Lester riding in the limousine together. Bob points out it's them, while Patty comments "Luna and Lester seem to be getting along pretty well".
 
 Back in Duel Academy 
 Leo is waiting for  Miss Bartlet , and says she sure is taking her time, and wonders what she could be doing. Ms Bartlett (not Lester) walks by her classroom, and notices Leo. Leo says her name, but she asks what he's doing staying so late. She finishes saying Leo shouldn't do that, and to hurry and go home (she walks away after saying that). Leo is left with a big look of confusion on his face.
 
 Lester's mansion 
 The limousine enters the area, and Luna says Lester's house looks amazing, and says it's like a palace. Luna comments he must be rich, while Lester says she could say that. The screen then shows them enter the mansion, where a butler (Primo in disguise) greets Lester saying welcome back young master, to which Lester simply says hello, while Luna politely says hello and that she's just visiting. As Lester walks by the butler, he tells him to make some sweets and tea for their guest, to which the butler says "Without delay, sir."
 Meanwhile, Leo is heading towards Lester's mansion, realizing he was tricked. He further thinks to himself saying that Lester was after Luna from the very start. A quick flashback occurs with Bob telling Leo that Luna went home with Lester in his car. Another flashback (in Leo's point of view) occurs with Lester having an evil look, asking Luna to come over to his house, and then laughing silent, but sinisterly. The flashbacks end with Leo cursing in his mind. Arriving at the entrance to Lester's mansion, Leo climbs up the bars, not knowing that Primo is watching him in a surveillance area. Primo mutters "It looks like we have one more guest."
 Leo hides behind the trees, as he quickly moves closer, and starts walking behind a bush. Leo stops when he hears Luna's voice. He is surprised when he sees Lester jumping in the air with some kind of skate board (dubbed the  Duel Board ). Luna says "Amazing, Lester!" Lester continues to show off the board by jumping repeatedly in the air while doing tricks. Luna claps her hands saying that's amazing. Lester stops next to her, and after getting off, holds it up saying for Luna to now try it. Luna however answers by saying "I couldn't, not yet". Lester, however, says that he made it to match her body type, surprising Luna. Lester responds saying It's his little present, and says please take it. After Luna takes it, she thanks Lester, but then asks why give it to her. He tells her he wants her to Duel with him on the Duel Board, and finishes by saying "A serious Turbo Duel."
 Luna replies by simply saying Turbo Duel confusedly, while Leo (who is still hiding) thinks to himself wondering what Lester means. Lester explains by inserting the cord here, and connecting this plug here to the momentum, it can link up with your Duel Disk (as he explains this, he is plugging a cord to the Duel Board, while connecting a wire on Luna's Duel Disk). Luna says Lester's right. Lester then says for them to get started so he can show her how to ride it, to which Luna replies yes. Leo then leaves, not realizing Primo saw him, but Primo pretends he didn't see anything and walks towards Lester. Lester is encouraging Luna as she tries to keep her balance on the Duel Board. Primo then walks over, telling Lester he brought some refreshments. Lester thanks him, and then asks "Where's the other guest (Leo)". Primo says he seems to have left, while Lester says all according to plan, while laughing silently in a sinister way. Lester then apologizes to Primo saying he's sorry about making him do all this butler stuff. However, Primo says there's no need to apologize, and says that he just wanted to see these Signers for himself (as Primo says this, Luna is trying to not fall off the Duel Board). Lester says is that so and then silently laughs.
 
 In the basement of the Poppo Time shack 
 Jack is surprised to hear about the Duel Board. Leo says yes, and as he draws it he tells them it looks like this (he tells them what Lester said to Luna). Jack says "Now I get it, with that, one could have a simplistic version of a Turbo Duel. That's one interesting idea." Leo asks Yusei what he thinks. Yusei explains that in theory It's pretty simple, so he could probably build it out of some spare parts. Leo says he wants to beat Lester and make him less cocky. Leo begs Yusei asking him to make the Duel Board, to which Yusei gives in saying "No debating it, it seems."
 
 Meanwhile with Luna and Lester 
 Luna thanks Lester for today, which he responds saying no problem, and that he'll be waiting again tomorrow. Luna then asks if Leo could come with her, to which Lester says Leo's name. Luna nodds, and then says Leo has been saying he's wanted to Turbo Duel for a while now, and finishes saying she's sure It'd make him really happy. Lester says of course he's welcome, and then says goodbye to Luna, to which she says goodbye as he leaves. Luna then walks in her house saying she's home, and starts to call Leo's name. She then stops and wonders if he hasn't come home yet.
 
 Back in the basement of the Poppo time shack 
 Yusei is shown screwing something in place of what appears to be a Duel Board, and fitting Leo's feet to make sure they fit. Yusei looks up at Leo to which he nods (silently answering that it fits fine). Later on Yusei is compiling/programming data into the Duel Board as a cord is plugged from the computer to the Duel Board, while Leo appears to be sleeping.
 
 The next day 
 Luna is shown to be sleeping on the couch, and wakes up saying that Leo didn't come back home at all. Meanwhile at a practice lane, Leo is riding on his Duel Board trying to keep a good balance. As he practices he falls. As Leo looks up he sees Lester (in his point of view) laughing at him. Leo gets up and back on his Duel board saying "No way I'm giving in." As he continues he falls off a few times, but he still keeps going. Leo then stops when he spots Luna (who was watching him), and asks what she's doing here. Luna says that she asked Yusei, and he said Leo might be here. Leo slightly turns his head asking in a slight annoyed tone "Are you sure you don't need to go to Lester's house!" Luna replies yes, and says/asks but he wants to beat Lester, causing Leo to face her. Luna continues saying she will support him, and says for them to practice together, which Leo nodds smiling while replying yes.
 The twins are then shown practicing while having a great time, and encouraging each other. Leo notices someone above watching them, causing him to wonder who that person is. The mysterious person (who is Lester disguised in his  Iliaster  outfit) get's on a Duel Board and heads towards Leo. After landing, Lester knocks Leo off his Duel Board, causing Luna to yell Leo's name worried. Lester pulls up to Luna saying he has no need for Leo, and only has need for her. Lester finishes saying he's going to have her  Duel  him just like this (after saying this, Lester pulls out the rod-like Duel Disk, and green energy forms in front of it). Luna notices her Duel Disk  activates  on It's own, and also notices her Duel Board is moving on It's own. Lester tells her to follow him, as Luna reaches her hand out towards Leo calling his name. Leo calls her name as he get's on his Duel Board, quickly catching up to them, and telling Lester that he will be facing him. Lester says it sounds fun, and that he will eliminate both Leo and Luna (Lester then sets the speed world 2 speed spell card on his Duel Disk, which produces both the speed world, and the infinity symbol). Parts of the lane then come up saying a Turbo duel is starting. A computer is then shown saying "Submitting Duel Lane to central, authorization granted."
 Luna asks Leo what they should do, and says she's never Turbo Dueled before. Leo however tells her to not worry, and that he will protect her. Leo finishes saying "We'll win, just like how we beat Devack together!" Luna nodds, and after getting around the corner, all three announce "Turbo Duel, acceleration!". Lester tells Luna to start the Duel off. Luna begins her turn and draws " Bird of Roses ". Luna Normal Summons it to the field in Attack mode (it is revealed to have 1800 ATK) and then ends her turn. Lester simply comments "An attack power of 1800?" Lester begins his turn and draws (everyones SPC counters go from 0 to 1). Lester Normal Summons " Absurd Stealer " from his hand in Attack mode (it is revealed to have 100 ATK). He explains when "Absurd Stealer" is successfully summoned, it reduces an opponents monster's attack power to 0, and makes "Absurd Stealer's" attack power equal to that monsters defense points until the End Phase (The ATK of "Absurd Stealer" goes from 100 to 1500, while "Bird of Roses" goes from 1800 to 0). Lester commands "Absurd Stealer" to attack "Bird of Roses", and finishes saying "Absurd Return!". A blue beam is fired from "Absurd Stealer", and it hits "Bird of Roses",  destroying  it. The force from Bird of Roses being destroyed was so much that Luna is sent flying off the circuit (her Life Points go down from 4000 to 2500), and Leo yells her name very worried. 
 As Luna falls, an image of " Regulus " (invisible to Leo and Lester) catches Luna on his back, and puts her back on the field. Luna thanks "Regulus", and then holds her chest in pain. Lester asks did she like that, and in this Duel, they will be able to actually feel the Life Point  damage . This surprises Leo, as Luna clutches her chest in pain - as she does this, her  Mark of the Dragon  glows. The glow is mirrored by Yusei's own mark, causing him to say Luna's name in concern. Back in the Duel, Luna explains that "Bird of Roses" effect activates when it is destroyed as a result of battle, allowing her to Special Summon two Plant-type Tuner monsters from her deck. Luna Special  Summons  the level 2 Tuner monster " Nettles " (who is revealed to have 400 Defense points) in Defense mode, and the level 1 Tuner " Spore " (having 800 Defense points) in defense mode. Lester sets three cards face-down, and ends his turn. Leo gets angry and says "How dare you do that to Luna! You'll be attacking Luna again over my dead body, I'm going to defeat you!"
 Leo begins his turn, and draws (everyones SPC go from 1 to 2). He Normal Summons the level 3 " Morphtronic Datatron " from his hand in Attack mode (revealed to have an  ATK  of 1200), and commands it to attack "Absurd Stealer". Lester however says Leo fell for it and activates the face-down Trap Card " Exus Summon ". He explains it returns a monster selected as an attack target to his hand, and Special Summons a  monster  from his hand with a lower  Attack  power. Lester chooses to Special Summon " Sky Core " from his hand (shown to have 0 ATK). Leo comments on It's low ATK, but then Lester reveals another face-down Trap Card, known as " Torrential Tribute ". He explains when a monster is summoned, he can destroy all monsters on the field. Luna and Leo are surprised that Lester is destroying his own monster (the flood wipes out all the monsters on the field). Lester next says when "Sky Core" is destroyed by a card effect, it destroys all monsters on his field, and from his deck, hand, or Graveyard, Special Summons " Meklord Emperor Skiel ∞ " (0 ATK), "Skiel Top" (600 ATK), "Skiel Attack" (1000 ATK), "Skiel Guard" (200 ATK), and "Skiel Carrier" (400 ATK). Leo is surprised that Lester summoned 5 monsters at once. Lester then activates "Meklord Emperor Skiel Infinity's" effect (although he doesn't explain it outright), and all of the parts come together, forming a bird-like machine with 2200 ATK. Leo wonders what's with this giant robot.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yusei vs. Akiza 
 Duel is already in progress. Akiza has 4000 Life Points and controls " Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis " ( 8/2200/0) in Attack Position while Yusei controls " Junk Archer " ( 7/2300/2000) in Attack Position.
 Turn ?: Yusei 
Yusei activates the effect of "Junk Archer" to remove "Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis" from play. "Junk Archer" attacks directly (Akiza 4000 → 1700).
 The remainder of the Duel is not shown.
 
 Leo vs. Lester 
 Duel already in progress. Leo has 600 Life Points and controls " Morphtronic Videon " ( 4/1000/1000) in Attack Position while Lester controls " Gear Golem the Moving Fortress " ( 4/800/2200) in Attack Position. Lester has just activated " Limiter Removal " to double the ATK of "Gear Golem" until the End Phase ("Gear Golem the Moving Fortress": 800 → 1600/2200).
 Turn ?: Lester 
"Gear Golem" attacks and destroys "Morphtronic Videon" (Leo 600 → 0).
 
 Luna vs. Bob 
 Turn 1: Luna 
Luna draws. She then Normal Summons " Sunlight Unicorn " ( 4/1800/1000) in Attack Position and set two cards.
 The remainder of the Duel is not shown, but it is revealed later that Bob won.
 
 Leo and Luna vs. Lester 
 Turn 1: Luna 
 Luna   draws  " Bird of Roses " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it ( 4/1800/1500) in Attack Position.
 Turn 2: Lester 
 Lester  draws "Absurd Stealer". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World 2 " activates (Luna's SPC: 0 → 1; Lester's SPC: 0 → 1; Leo's SPC: 0 → 1). Lester Normal Summons " Absurd Stealer " ( 1/100/0) in Attack Position. Lester then  activates  the  effect  of "Absurd Stealer" to target "Bird of Roses" and reduce the ATK of "Bird of Roses" to 0 as well as make the ATK of "Absurd Stealer" equal to the DEF of "Bird of Roses" ("Bird of Roses": 1800 → 0/1500; "Absurd Stealer": 100 → 1500/0). 
 "Absurd Stealer" then attacks and destroys "Bird of Roses" (Luna 4000 → 2500). Luna then activates the effect of "Bird of Roses" to  Special Summon  " Nettles " ( 2/1200/400) and " Spore " ( 1/400/800) in Defense Position. Lester  sets  three cards. On Lester's End Phase, the effect of "Absurd Stealer" expires ("Absurd Stealer": 1500 → 100/0).
 Turn 3: Leo 
 Leo  draws " Morphtronic Datatron ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World 2" activates (Luna's SPC: 1 → 2; Lester's SPC: 1 → 2; Leo's SPC: 1 → 2). Leo Normal Summons "Morphtronic Datatron" ( 3/1200/600) in Attack Position. "Morphtronic Datatron" then attacks "Absurd Stealer", but Lester activates his face-down " Exus Summon " to  return  "Absurd Stealer" to his  hand  and Special Summon " Sky Core " ( 1/0/0) in Attack Position. Lester then activates his face-down " Torrential Tribute " to destroy all  monsters  on the  field  since a monster was summoned. 
 Since "Sky Core" was destroyed by a card effect, its effect activates, allowing Lester to  Special Summon  " Machine Emperor Skiel ∞ " ( 1/0/0) in Attack Position, " Skiel Top " ( 1/600/0) in Attack Position, " Skiel Attack " ( 1/1000/0) in Attack Position, " Skiel Guard " ( 1/200/300) in Attack Position and " Skiel Carrier " ( 1/400/0) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of " Machine Emperor Skiel ∞ ", its ATK tecomes equal to the combined  ATK  of all  Skiel   monsters  on the field ("Machine Emperor Skiel Infinity": 0 → 2200/0).
 
 Continued next episode... 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The result between  Luna  and  Bob  was not revealed in the original. 
 In the original,  Leo  did not mention he was two minutes older than  Luna . 
 In the original, Bob just said Luna and Lester's names as they passed by him in a car, and  Patty  saying they seem to be getting along well. In the dub Bob had an autograph on his face and said he wished that was him, and Patty saying just be happy he autographed his face. 
 In the dub, when Leo, Luna and Lester declare the start of the duel, the animation showing them saying this from the Japanese version (not counting the "VS" and the names of the duelists as this would not have been seen in the English dub) is not shown at all.  Instead, it shows three vertically-split screens of the three characters (Lester on the left screen, Luna in the center one and Leo at the right screen.) in a freeze-frame style. 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when the effect of " Bird of Roses " was explained, a picture of " Twilight Rose Knight ", which is not a  Plant - Type  monster. 
 At the end of the episode in the English dub, Leo says that " Machine Emperor Skiel " is the biggest monster that he has ever seen. However, he has seen much bigger monsters before, such as the " Earthbound Immortals ." 
 Card creation contest 
 At the end of the credits, it was shown that " Bird of Roses " was chosen to become a card in the  anime  as a result of a drawing competition. 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Leo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Datatron 
 Morphtronic Videon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 
 Luna Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Bird of Roses 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Tuner monsters 
 Nettles 
 Spore Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 
 Lester Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Absurd Stealer 
 Machine Emperor Skiel ∞ 
 Skiel Attack 
 Skiel Carrier 
 Skiel Guard 
 Skiel Top 
 Sky Core Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Traps 
 Exus Summon 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress 
 Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Archer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Limiter Removal 
 
 WRGP poster Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dragunity Darkspear 
 Gemini monsters 
 Phoenix Gearfried Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 2 episodes 
 
 
#065 " A New Threat, Part 1 " #066 " A New Threat, Part 2 " #067 " Lessons Learned " #068 " Trash Talk " #069 " A Duel With Interest " #070 " The Wicked Spirit " #071 " French Twist, Part 1 " #072 " French Twist, Part 2 " #073 " Synchro Straits " #074 " The Synchro Solution " #075 " Acceleration " #076 " Syd Is Vicious " #077 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 1 " #078 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 2 " #079 " Putting It All Together " #080 " The Super Genius " #081 " Get With The Program, Part 1 " #082 " Get With The Program, Part 2 " #083 " Will The Real Jack Atlas Please Stand Up, Part 1 " #084 " Will The Real Jack Atlas Please Stand Up, Part 2 " #085 " Mother Knows Best " #086 " Duelist For Hire " #087 " Showdown at Sundown, Part 1 " #088 " Showdown at Sundown, Part 2 " #089 " The Race to Escape, Part 1 " #090 " The Race to Escape, Part 2 " #091 " Clash at Crash Town, Part 1 " #092 " Clash at Crash Town, Part 2 " #093 " The Question of the Card " #094 " Keeping a Promise, Part 1 " #095 " Keeping a Promise, Part 2 " #096 " Natural Instincts, Part 1 " #097 " Natural Instincts, Part 2 " #098 " Power Plays " #099 " Trouble for Team 5D’s " #100 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 1 " #101 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 2 " #102 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 3 " #103 " Party Crashers " #104 " Knight Takes Pawn " #105 " Rook Takes Knight " #106 " Primo's Plan, Part 1 " #107 " Primo's Plan, Part 2 " #108 " Primo's Plan, Part 3 " #109 " Primo's Plan, Part 4 " #110 " Primo's Plan, Part 5 " #111 " The Ancient Land - To Nazca " #112 " The Crimson Devil " #113 " Burning, Seething Soul! Scar-Red Nova Dragon " #114 " Operation: Capture Yeager II! " #115 " Press Him About the Mystery! The Endgame Riding Duel!! " #116 " Momentum Express Development Agency " #117 " The Distorted Past " #118 " A New Rival " #119 " The Impregnable Scrum! Crush the Unbreakable Defense! " #120 " Hold Onto Those Feelings! Hand-Holding Djinn " #121 " The Miraculous Trump Card, Zushin the Sleeping Giant! " #122 " The Power to Believe! The Strongest Giant Zushin VS Shooting Star Dragon " #123 " Eyes on the Prize " #124 " Duel For Redemption " #125 " Soul Solution " #126 " When Nordic Gods Attack " #127 " Tricking The Trickster " #128 " Yusei's Last Stand " #129 " Fight to the Finish Line " #130 " Bound to the Future, Bonds to Our Companions " #131 " The Beginning of the End " #132 " Dawn of the Machines " #133 " Against All Odds " #134 " For Synchro's Sake " #135 " Fight for the Future " #136 " Victory or Doom " #137 " An Approaching Terror - The Citadel of God, Ark Cradle " #138 " Suspension Bridge toward the Future, The Rainbow Bridge Bifrost " #139 " The Enchanting Field! École de Zone " #140 " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " #141 " Duel of Despair! Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress! " #142 " A Life-or-Death Battle! Machine Imperial God Dragon Asterisk " #143 " The Miracle of Life, Life Stream Dragon!! " #144 " Beginning of the End, Struggle to the Death for the Future! " #145 " Faster than Light!! " #146 " The Last Human, Z-ONE " #147 " A Hope Bound for the Future! " #148 " Just One Chance to Turn It All Around " #149 " The Revived Hero " #150 " Entrusted Feelings of My Father " #151 " Converging Wishes " #152 " An Advancing Future " #153 " Clashing Souls! " #154 " Shining Forth to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/YGO5D077.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090923093046', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes