Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Puzzle


 
 Dark Puzzle 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Puzzle 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Dark Puzzle 
 
 
 Japanese  
 濃 いのパズル 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Koi no Pazuru 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Ms. Chono 
 
 
 Orchestrator(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Penalty Game 
 Face Puzzle 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 7: " " The Face of Truth " " 
 
 
 
 Dark Puzzle [1]  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  played by  Ms. Chono . It used the  love jigsaw puzzle  and inflicted consequences on the person solving it.
 As  Ms. Chono  solved  Hiroto Honda 's love letter jigsaw puzzle for  Miho Nosaka ,  Dark Yugi  used the  Millennium Puzzle  to change the nature of the puzzle to a Shadow Game.
 In the  Toei anime ,  Dark Yugi  played  a two-player Shadow Game  with  Ms. Chono  instead.
 
 Events 
 Hiroto Honda  purchased a  love jigsaw puzzle  at  Kame Game  to give as a gift to  Miho Nosaka , whom he had a crush on. He got  Yugi Mutou  to write the message on it and the next day, Yugi, Honda and  Katsuya Jonouchi  placed the wrapped puzzle in Miho's desk.
 Miho didn't notice the puzzle at first, until the teacher  Ms. Chono  performed a desk inspection. When Ms. Chono spotted the gift, Miho said that she didn't know what it was, so Chono proceeded to open and began solving the puzzle. When she realized it was a love letter, she planned on punishing the sender, since dating was against school rules. She offered the sender a chance to confess, lying that she might forgive them. Honda was about to confess, but Yugi and Jonouchi stood up saying that they wrote it and put it on Miho's desk respectively, hoping to protect Honda and give him another chance with Miho. However Honda still admitted that the gift was from him. Thinking only one was guilty and the others were lying, Ms. Chono continued to solve the puzzle to find the name of the sender and threatened to expel them.
 Dark Yugi  took control of Yugi's body and used the  Millennium Puzzle  to change the nature of the jigsaw to a Shadow Game. The feelings of Honda, Yugi, Jonouchi and Miho were in the jigsaw and as much as Ms. Chono hurt them, she would hurt herself. Chono inserted the last piece and as she was about to announce the name of the sender, her makeup peeled away in the shape of jigsaw pieces and revealed her ugly face.
 With her ugly face exposed, Chono ran out of the room, saying the class never happened and warning the students not to reveal her secret.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 7: " The Face of Truth " 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/YGO-007_Chono_works_on_the_puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160430203901']
Categories: Shadow Games