Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Katsuya_Jonouchi_(Toei)


 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Japanese   
 城之内克也 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Shizuka Jonouchi  (sister) Father 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Toshiyuki Morikawa 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  is the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime  version of the character Katsuya Jonouchi, known as  Joey Wheeler  in most English adaptions.
 
 Biography 
 Jonouchi and his sister,  Shizuka Jonouchi , were separated when their parents divorced. Shizuka was brought by their mother while Jonouchi lived with  their father . Jonouchi lived in poverty, due to his father's gambling addictions and alcoholism.
 Jonouchi became a street thug and hung out in  Hirutani's gang  for long periods of time when he is in middle school. He often got into fights and developed great fighting skills. He also hung out with  Hiroto Honda .
 Jonouchi used to pick on  Yugi Mutou  at school. He was annoyed by how Yugi would let himself get pushed around and claimed his bullying was teaching Yugi how to be a man and even offered Yugi to punch him back, although Yugi hates violence. He once teased Yugi by taking his box, containing the  Millennium Puzzle  and secretly stealing a piece. Honda tried telling Jonouchi to stop, but Jonouchi just mocked his custodian position.  Anzu Mazaki  took the puzzle box back and called Jonouchi a bully. To escape from Anzu, Jonouchi left with Honda as he went to queue for  Miho Nosaka 's lunch. In the hallway,  Ushio  overheard Jonouchi mentioning bullying and asked what was happening. Jonouchi tried telling Ushio to stay out of it, but was restrained by Honda, who wanted to avoid trouble. Afterwards Jonouchi showed Honda the piece of the puzzle he had taken and threw it out the window into a canal. [1] 
 The next day Ushio beat-up Jonouchi and Honda, under suspicion that they were bullying Yugi. However Yugi objected and insisted that Jonouchi and Honda were his friends. On the way home, while he spoke with Honda about Ushio, Jonouchi remembered how Yugi had stuck up for him and recovered the piece of the puzzle from the canal. He then saw Ushio attacking Yugi. Jonouchi gave the piece of the puzzle to Yugi and he and Honda tried fighting Ushio off, only to get beaten-up again. However Yugi finished the  Millennium Puzzle , while the three of them were barely conscious and changed to  Dark Yugi , who defeated Ushio in  a Shadow Game . The next day Jonouchi answered Yugi's " Something you can show, but can't see " riddle, saying it's friendship and that they're friends. [1] 
 Jonouchi noticed how Anzu was acting odd, after avoiding walking home with them a few days. He initially assumes she's dating older men for pay.  Miho Nosaka  and later Honda investigated by followed Anzu home. Seeing them leave with Anzu the next two days, Jonouchi and Yugi followed the three of them, finding they had all gotten jobs at  Burger World . There were two escaped convicts and Jonouchi assisted in identifying the first, by checking the customer's legs for a calf wound after they spilled a basket of toy cars, pretending it was an accident.
 
 Deck 
 Jonouchi Duels once in the series, losing to  Honda . The only known card, he is shown using is " Blackland Fire Dragon ".
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 
 v e 
 Joey Wheeler  (Katsuya Jonouchi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Links (mind-controlled) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/JonouchiToei.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080305152934']
Categories: Characters, Joey Wheeler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters