Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Ghost_Kaiba%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Ghost Kaiba's Duel 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Ghost Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Ghost Kaiba  Dueled during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  a similar Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Seto Kaiba  was working on his  Duel Disk  but was interrupted by the intrusion of the goons of  Maximillion Pegasus  who ask him to come with them. Kaiba refuses and jumps out of a window. The goons pick up Kaiba's deck, however, Kaiba survives the encounter.
 At  Duelist Kingdom ,  Kemo , who has captured  Mokuba Kaiba  introduces Yugi (Yami) to his opponent, the Ghost of Seto Kaiba, who wanted revenge for taking everything away from him. To free Mokuba, Yami accepts, and both wager three star chips.
 
 The Duel 
 1st turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card. Ghost Kaiba  Summons  " Hitotsu-Me Giant " (ATK:1200; DEF 1000)
 2nd turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami Summons " Dark Magician " (ATK:2500; DEF: 2100) and attacks, destroying "Hitotsu-Me Giant". (Ghost Kaiba: 2000 → 700  Life Points ).
 3rd turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card. Ghost Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (ATK:3000; DEF:2500),  Sets  a card and ends his turn.
 4th turn: Yami 
 Yami switches "Dark Magician" to  Defense Mode  and summons " Curse of Dragon " (ATK:2000; DEF:1500) in Defense Mode.
 5th turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card. Ghost Kaiba activates " Defense Paralysis " and forces both of Yami's monsters into Attack Position and uses "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to attack "Curse of Dragon". (Yami: 2000 → 1000 LP)
 6th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami plays " Magical Hats ", and hides "Dark Magician" in one of the hats.
 Elsewhere, Pegasus's men search Kaiba's mansion but there is no trace of him. Kaiba, who survived the jump, sneaks into his mansion through the backdoor. He logs into a giant computer, and the computer's AI informs him of the takeover of KaibaCorp, so Kaiba decides to try and help Yugi by looking for any duel arena's that have "Dark Magician" on the field since it is Yugi's signature monster.
 7th turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card: Ghost Kaiba attacks one of the hats, but it is revealed to be empty.
 8th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card: Yami sets a card and ends his turn.
 9th turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card, Ghost Kaiba attacks another hat, but it activated Yami's Trap Card: " Spellbinding Circle ", which snares "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and lowers its ATK (ATK: 3000 → 2300).
 10th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami releases "Dark Magician" from the hats and attacks "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (Ghost Kaiba: 700 → 500 LP). "Spellbinding Circle" is also destroyed.
 11th turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card. Ghost Kaiba summons the second "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and destroys "Dark Magician". (Yami: 1000 → 500 LP).
 12th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami summons " Feral Imp " in Attack Position (ATK:1300; DEF:1400)
 13th turn: Ghost Kaiba 
 Draws a card. At this point, the real Seto Kaiba uploads a virus into the programming of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in order to steadily decrease its ATK. "Blue-Eyes" attacks "Feral Imp". The real Kaiba is about to work on the third "Blue-Eyes" when Pegasus intervenes, destroying the virus and leaving the second "Blue-Eyes" with only 1000 less ATK ("Blue-Eyes White Dragon": 3000 → 2000/2500). When Ghost Kaiba orders "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to attack, the real Seto Kaiba calls out to Yami Yugi, which he detects. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" hears it too, and it stops its attack and destroys itself because of the "Heart of the Cards", and because the person using it was not its real owner. At this point, Ghost Kaiba reveals his true form, Mimic of Doom
 14th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami passes.
 15th turn: Mimic of Doom 
 Draws a card. Mimic of Doom summons " Grappler " in Defense Mode. (ATK:1300; DEF:1200).
 16th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami sets a card and summons " Celtic Guardian " (ATK:1400; DEF:1200) and attacks, destroying Grappler.
 17th turn: Mimic of Doom 
 Draws a card. Mimic of Doom sets " Mystic Horseman " (ATK:1300; DEF:1550) in Defense Position sets a card and ends his turn.
 18th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami sets a card and summons " Mystical Elf " in Attack Position (ATK:800; DEF:2000) and activates " Book of Secret Arts " increasing her ATK and DEF (ATK: 800 → 1100; DEF: 2000 → 2300).
 19th turn: Mimic of Doom 
 Draws a card. Mimic of Doom summons the third "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and attacks. Yami intercepts the attack by activating " Mirror Force ", hoping to reflect the attack back at him, but Mimic of Doom blocks the attack with a Trap Card: " Negate Attack ".
 20th turn: Yami 
 Draws a card. Yami activates his other set card: " Reborn the Monster " to revive "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from Mimic of Doom's  Graveyard . He activates the special ability of "Mystical Elf", adding her ATK to the revived "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Yami attacks and destroys the Mimic of Doom's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (Ghost Kaiba: 500 → 0 LP).
 
 Aftermath 
 Yami Yugi banishes Mimic of Doom to the Shadow Realm and warns Pegasus he will be coming for him next. Yugi decides to keep Kaiba's deck safe but Kemo ran off with Mokuba.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Feral Imp 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Mystical Elf Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Hats 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Reborn the Monster 
 Traps 
 Spellbinding Circle 
 Mirror Force 
 
 Ghost Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Grappler 
 Mystic Horseman Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Defense Paralysis 
 Negate Attack 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 9: " Duel With a Ghoul " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 10: " Give up the Ghost " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels