Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Spellbook_Library_of_the_Heliosphere

The  Arabic, Chinese  and  Croatian                      names given are not official.  
 The  Chinese                lore given is not official.  
 
 This card's written lore in the Chinese has not yet been transcribed; if you are able to read Chinese, please help out by adding an accurate Chinese lore from  this image  to this page. The current Chinese lore listed here is only a reconstruction and may not be fully correct.     
 
 
 
 
 
 Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere 魔 導 書 庫 ソレイン 
 
 English 
Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere 
 Chinese 
 魔导书库 烈日 Check translation 
 French 
 Librairie Livre de Magie de l'Héliosphère Check translation 
 German 
 Magiebuch-Bibliothek der Heliosphäre Check translation 
 Italian 
 Biblioteca del Libro di Magia dell'Eliosfera Check translation 
 Korean 
 마도서고 솔레인 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Biblioteca do Livro de Magia da Heliosfera Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Biblioteca del Libro de Magia de la Heliósfera Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 まどうしょこソレイン Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 魔導書庫ソレイン Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Madōshoko Sorein 
 Japanese (translated) 
Spellbook Library Solein 
 Card type 
 Spell   
 Property 
 Normal   
 Passcode 
 20822520 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Activation requirement 
 Effect 
 Condition 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
If you have 5 or more " Spellbook "  Spell Cards  in your  Graveyard :  Excavate  the top 2 cards of your  Deck ,  add  any excavated "Spellbook" Spell Cards to your  hand , also  shuffle  the other cards into the Deck. You can only  activate  1 "Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere" per  turn . You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Si vous avez min. 5 Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" dans votre Cimetière : dévoilez les 2 cartes du dessus de votre Deck, ajoutez les Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" dévoilées à votre main, et aussi, mélangez les autres cartes dans le Deck. Vous ne pouvez activer qu'1 "Librairie Livre de Magie de l'Héliosphère" par tour. Vous ne pouvez pas activer de Cartes Magie (Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" exclues) le tour où vous activez cette carte. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Falls du 5 oder mehr „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten in deinem Friedhof hast: Grabe die obersten 2 Karten deines Decks aus, füge alle ausgegrabenen „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten deiner Hand hinzu, zusätzlich mische die anderen Karten ins Deck. Du kannst nur 1 „Magiebuch-Bibliothek der Heliosphäre“ pro Spielzug aktivieren. Du kannst in dem Spielzug, in dem du diese Karte aktivierst, keine Zauberkarten aktivieren, außer „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Se hai 5 o più Carte Magia "Libro di Magia" nel tuo Cimitero: rivela le prime 2 carte del tuo Deck, aggiungi alla tua mano qualsiasi Carta Magia "Libro di Magia" rivelata e mischia le carte rimanenti nel Deck. Puoi attivare solo 1 "Biblioteca del Libro di Magia dell'Eliosfera" per turno. Non puoi attivare nessuna Carta Magia nel turno in cui attivi questa carta, eccetto le Carte Magia "Libro di Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Se você tiver 5 ou mais Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia" no seu Cemitério: escave os 2 cards do topo do seu Deck, adicione à sua mão qualquer Card de Magia "Livro de Magia" escavado e, além disso, embaralhe os outros cards no Deck. Você só pode ativar 1 "Biblioteca do Livro de Magia da Heliosfera" por turno. Você não pode ativar Cards de Magia no turno em que ativar este card, exceto Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Si tienes 5 o más Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia" en tu Cementerio: excava las 2 cartas de la parte superior de tu Deck, añade a tu mano cualquier Carta Mágica "Libro de Magia" excavada, y además baraja al Deck las otras cartas. Sólo puedes activar 1 "Biblioteca del Libro de Magia de la Heliósfera" por turno. No puedes activar Cartas Mágicas el turno en el que activas esta carta, excepto Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 自分の墓地の「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カードが５枚以上の場合に発動できる。自分のデッキの上からカードを２枚めくる。その中の「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カードを全て手札に加え、残りのカードをデッキに戻す。「魔導書庫ソレイン」は１ターンに１枚しか発動できず、このカードを発動するターン、自分は「魔導書」と名のついたカード以外の魔法カードを発動できない。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Chinese 
 
 
 自己墓地中名字中带有【魔导书】的魔法卡有3张以上时，此卡自己卡组最上面2张卡，将其中名字中带有【魔导书】的魔法卡拿到手卡中，其余的卡放回卡组并重洗卡组。【魔导书库 烈日】1回合只能使用1张。使用此卡的回合中，自己不能再使用名字中没有【魔导书】的魔法卡。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 자신 묘지의 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드가 5장 이상일 경우에 발동할 수 있다. 자신의 덱 위에서 카드를 2장 넘긴다. 그 중 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드를 전부 패에 넣고, 남은 카드를 덱으로 되돌린다. "마도서고 솔레인"은 1턴에 1장밖에 발동할 수 없고, 이 카드를 발동하는 턴에, 자신은 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 카드 이외의 마법 카드를 발동할 수 없다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2012-11-09 ABYR-EN087 Abyss Rising Secret Rare 2014-07-25 AP05-EN025 Astral Pack Five Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-FR087 Abyss Rising L’Ascension des Abysses Secret Rare 2014-07-25 AP05-FR025 Astral Pack Five Paquet Astral Cinq Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-DE087 Abyss Rising Abyss Rising Secret Rare 2014-07-25 AP05-DE025 Astral Pack Five Astral Pack Fünf Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-IT087 Abyss Rising Risveglio degli Abissi Secret Rare 2014-07-25 AP05-IT025 Astral Pack Five Astral Pack Cinque Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2014-07-01 AP05-PT025 Astral Pack Five Pacote Astral Cinco Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-SP087 Abyss Rising Levantamiento Abismal Secret Rare 2014-07-25 AP05-SP025 Astral Pack Five Sobre Astral Cinco Common 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2013-05-18 EP13-JP028 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights ＥＸＴＲＡ ＰＡＣＫ －ＳＷＯＲＤ ＯＦ ＫＮＩＧＨＴＳ－ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Traditional Chinese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Traditional Chinese name Rarity August 29, 2015 ABYR-TC087 Abyss Rising 深淵昇華 Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2013-10-05 EXP6-KR028 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights EXTRA PACK  － 스워드 오브 나이트 － Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Prophecy 
 Spellbook 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Spellbook 
 
 Actions  
 Excavates from the player's Deck 
 Adds excavated cards to the hand 
 Adds from Deck to hand 
 Shuffles excavated cards into the Deck 
 
 Monster / Spell / Trap  categories  
 Prevents activation of your Spell Cards 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 10357 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Prophecy " 「 魔 導 」 Members 
 Amores of Prophecy Ancient Sorcerer Apprentice Illusion Magician Armor Exe Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior Breaker the Magical Warrior Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer D/D Savant Copernicus D/D Savant Galilei D/D Savant Kepler D/D Savant Newton D/D Savant Nikola D/D Savant Thomas Dark Cavalry Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons The Dark Magicians Dark Paladin Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior Defender, the Magical Knight Ebon High Magician Ebon Illusion Magician Ebon Magician Curran Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Endymion, the Master Magician Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic The Fiend Megacyber Fool of Prophecy Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight Giltia the D. Knight Giltia the D. Knight - Soul Spear Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy The Illusory Gentleman Justice of Prophecy Magical Cavalry of Cxulub Magical Merchant Magical Scientist Master of Chaos Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Silent Paladin Skilled Brown Magician Skilled White Magician Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Stoic of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Supreme Arcanite Magician Temperance of Prophecy Testament of the Arcane Lords Time Wizard of Tomorrow Water Magician Wheel of Prophecy White Magician Pikeru World of Prophecy 
 Dark Magical Circle The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Mage Power Magical Contract Door Magical Mid-Breaker Field Mega Ton Magical Cannon Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 Support 
 Stoic of Prophecy 
 Related 
 Aleister the Invoker Aleister the Invoker of Madness Behegon Black Luster Soldier Buster Blader Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Gearfried the Iron Knight Guardian of the Labyrinth Marine Beast Princess Curran Princess Pikeru Protector of the Throne Red-Eyes Black Dragon Time Wizard 
 Trial of the Princesses 
 
   
" Spellbook " 「 魔 導 書 」 Members 
 Spellbook Magician of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master 
 Support 
 Amores of Prophecy Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Fool of Prophecy Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy Justice of Prophecy Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Temperance of Prophecy Wheel of Prophecy World of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of the Master 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/SpellbookLibraryoftheHeliosphere-AP05-EN-C-UE.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20140902151136', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/SPELL.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918121429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Card pages with a lore in need of transcription, Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards