Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_214


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 214 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 白き龍 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shiroki Ryū 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 White Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Name of the Game 
 
 
 Number 
 214 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 21, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 April 1, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " 
 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Family Matters 
 1.2   Enter "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" 
 1.3   Kisara's Sacrifice 
 1.4   Intermission 
 1.5   Tristan's Evil Revealed 
 1.6   The Identity of the Pharaoh's Name! 
 
 
 2   Differences in adaptations 
 3   Featured monsters 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Family Matters 
 In some part of the desert,  Aknadin /" Shadow Magus " has taken his son  Priest Seto  for a private chat. 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Seto! Accept your Fate! Your Fate of the Pharaoh granted by me is Light and Shadow. Awaken to receive the power of the Dark and lead the world into a new age! Seto! You shall become the King and this land shall be yours to rule! " 
 Priest Seto :  (comes to) " ... Where is this...? Ah! Aknadin - sama! " 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Look closely, Seto! With the new God, you shall hold the proof that you are the new Pharaoh! And that holder is heading over here! " 
 Priest Seto :  " Kisara! " 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Seto! Your Fate is to become the new King! * laughs * " 
 Kisara  arrives, followed soon after by  Seto Kaiba  who hides behind a column to watch. 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " It came. The holder of the White Dragon. Seto, you shall be granted the proof that you are the King. " 
 Kisara warns Seto that he should not listen to Aknadin. Just then, a tremor makes the land shake. Aknadin announces that  Zorc 's resurrection has begun. He orders Seto to kill Kisara as part of his rite to be granted a God. Seto shall be the King wielding the White Dragon and his son. 
 Priest Seto :  " Aknadin - sama! Even if thou are my father, I won't sell my soul to the Dark! Let's go, Kisara! " (starts to leave with Kisara) 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Seto! It is not possible for you to run from our set Fates! " 
 Enter "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus " uses his magic to create two giant rocks to block Priest Seto & Kisara's passage.
 Priest Seto  Summons " Duos " and destroys the rocks.
 However  Aknadin /" Shadow Magus " blocks their passage again. He summons " Humanoid Giant " and crushes " Duos ".  Priest Seto  loses part of his BA.
 Carried by the emotion  Kisara  invokes her Spirit " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". It attacks  Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ", who dodges the attack and counter-attacks immediately. Kisara is knocked back. 
 Then,  Aknadin /" Shadow Magus " casts a " Spellbinding Circle "-like spell and creates a Sealing Tablet, attempting to trap the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " inside it. It resists. 
 Priest Seto :  "' Stop, Kisara! You'll run out of BA! " 
 Kisara :  " It does not matter. " 
 Priest Seto :  " What? " 
 Kisara :  " However... Seto - sama... I shall protect thou from harm. " 
 Priest Seto :  " Kisara...! " 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " What are you doing, Seto? Kill this girl and acquire the power of the White Dragon! Then, devote that power to Zorc - sama and become the Dark King! " 
 Priest Seto :  " Thou are wrong! Aknadin - sama: what logic is there to a world of Dark ruled by Zork? Since I met Kisara, I realized how much of the world was Dark and dry. And the solution to make this Dark disappear is through this light called 'love'. " 
 Kisara :  " Seto - sama...! " 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Foolish! And to think that you could surpass the loss which afflicted me! " 
 Priest Seto :  " Kisara and I are not thy tools for revenge! The father I used to be proud of died long ago in the battlefield! " 
 Aknadin /" Shadow Magus ":  " Seto~! " 
 Kisara's Sacrifice 
 With rage,  Aknadin /" Shadow Magus " sends an energy blast towards  Priest Seto .  Kisara  gets in the way to intercept the attack. She is struck down. " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " is finally absorbed into the tablet.
 Aknadin /" Great Dark Priest " asks  Priest Seto  to join him one more time. Seto declares his father died when he was young, and then proceeds to use his sword to stab Aknadin in the heart; while dying Aknadin professes the strong love than unites him with his son and endeavors to transfer his spirit within Seto's mind, so that together they may become the Dark King.
 The  Pharaoh  arrives, but alas too late: his  Priest  is now under Aknadin's control.
 A new Duel begins. 
 Priest Seto / Aknadin  Summons  Kisara /" Blue-Eyes White Dragon ".
 The  Pharaoh  Summons  Mahad /" Dark Magician "
 Since the spirits of Seto/Aknadin are merged together, their magic is twice as powerful. " Blue-Eyes White Dragon's "  Burst Stream of Destruction  defeats  Magic Wave .  Mahad /" Dark Magician " is destroyed. The Pharaoh loses part of its life energy. 
 Priest Seto / Aknadin  orders " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " to attack the Pharaoh, but inside his mind Seto is resisting Aknadin's control. Blue-Eyes disintegrates and reappears inside Seto's mind, breaking Aknadin's control over Seto. Aknadin's spirit is defeated and vanishes. 
 Kisara :  " Seto - sama. Thou soul is no longer imprisoned by the Dark. " 
 Priest Seto :  (comes to) " Kisara...! " 
 Kisara is clearly dead at this point and Seto cries over Kisara's body, exactly like Kaiba saw it on his vision during the Battle City Arc. 
 Intermission 
 At this point,  Seto Kaiba  comes out of his hiding place and meets the  Pharaoh . Kaiba merely comments that if he were to trust the 'occult' stuff, he'd assumed this is the world of memories Yami was talking about. He also admits that what's transpired looked somewhat different to his vision, to which Yami admits that some events have been altered because this is a Dark Game controlled by Bakura. Yami tries to suggest him to escape, since Zorc is about to be ressurected, but Kaiba, as always, claims to go his own way and admits wanting to see what kind of being the terryfing 'Evil God' Yami is talking about really is. 
 Meanwhile,  Yami Yugi  and  Yami Bakura  are in front of their  Dark RPG  board, discussing the precarious situation Yami is in. Yami Bakura stars laughing, amused at the whole thing. 
 Yami Bakura :  " Unbelieveable! No! I'd rather say useless. I'd never consider that that Great Dark Priest fella could lose. " 
 Yami Yugi :  " With this, your ambition to turn Seto into your ally has been crushed. " 
 Yami Bakura :  " Don't be so quick to be delighted, Yugi. The Sandglass for the Evil Summon is still flowin'... And so is the countdown to death. After all, yer defeat was a predictable thing. " 
 Yami Yugi :(thinking)  " The Great Evil God Zorc... When that sandglass finishes draining, the real terror will begin upon this world. A creature with terrifying powers... But even if Zorc is resurrected, there must be a method to defeat it. That's... " 
 Yami looks at his empty cartouche, to Bakura's slight surprise. 
 Yami Bakura :  " It'd seem ye've also realized it! The secret of Zorc's sealing... " 
 Yami Yugi :  " If this is a Dark Game, all objects must have a way to be defeated. And, now, near to the end of this competition, there's just one thing which isn't known yet... And that's my name! 3,000 years ago I used my own soul to seal Zorc beyond the door of the Realm of the Dead. And this means that my name itself is the key to Zorc's sealing! " 
 Yami Bakura :  " Unfortunately enough, ye don't know where is that name hidden at as of yet. However... To give ye a small glimmer of hope... Yer pals have snuck into yer royal grave, to search for the Pharaoh's true name. " 
 Yami Yugi :  " My pals are... " 
 Yami Bakura :  " Only the hearts of those who have been accepted by ye can get into this world. " 
 Yami Yugi :  " Why are ya telling me this? " 
 Yami Bakura :  " So that ye receive a big deal of damage due to desperation all of a sudden... At the instant in which yer pals find yer name, my servant will annihilate 'em. " 
 Yami Yugi :  " Your servant, did you lowlife say? " 
 Yami Bakura :  " The great me used 'Parasite Mind' into one of yer companions. * smirks * " 
 Tristan's Evil Revealed 
 Meanwhile down in the  Valley of the Kings ,  Yugi  & his friends have entered the  Pharaoh 's tomb.  Joey  has just opened a secret door to an undiscovered location! 
 The next room however is empty, save for a big sign on the floor. It is written in hieroglyphics.
 Because he is under the control of  Yami Bakura ,  Tristan  is however able to read the sign! It reads: 
 " He who solves the  Millennium Puzzle  must return the wish he was granted. Only then the door shall be opened. " 
 However the wish granted to  Yugi  can never be given back!! He wished for "true friends" and that wish was granted: shortly afterwards he met  Joey ,  Tristan . and  Téa  and they became inseparable. 
 Then all of a sudden, Tristan (still "evil" and under the influence) throws Yuugi and Jounouchi/Anzu on opposite sides of the floor sign. The room soon comes crumbling down and the sign then becomes a "balance beam" standing over a Pit of Shadows, with  Yugi  on one end and  Tristan / Joey / Téa  on the other. A room containing the Pharaoh's name opens up behind Yuugi.
 Yugi's choice is simple: if wants to retrieve the Pharaoh's name he must jump towards the door. In so doing  Tristan / Joey Wheeler / Téa  will fall to their doom (he would thus be giving up his wish).
 Yugi refuses to make that choice. He does not want to lose his friends. "Evil" Honda is amused by Yugi's mind struggle: he decides to expedite things by being the first to jump. The balance beam starts to topple.
 Joey and Téa jump off too and grab the door's ledge. Yuugi follows soon after, grabbing Jounouchi to hold on. The 3 friends are safe and Tristan has disappeared. 
       The  Cartouche  of  Pharaoh Atem 's Name     
 The Identity of the Pharaoh's Name! 
 The good news however?  Yugi  & his friends have found the Pharaoh's name!!! It's in hyeroglyphics, however, but Joey attempts to provide a "translation". 
 Joey Wheeler :  " It says 'bird', 'rock', 'lambchop', 'bird', and 'a bigger bird'. " 
 The three friends memorize the symbols to tell the Pharaoh later, and walk down a set of stairs in order to find Tristan.
 They soon find him in another room, however he soon reveals himself as  Yami Bakura .
 NOTE: as a "pawn" character featuring in the  Dark RPG  game, Tristan's appearance changes to  Yami Bakura  but there is a subtle difference in clothing: the  Shadow Realm  Bakura (sitting at the Dark RPG board game table) has an undershirt with horizontal blue/white stripes, and a  black shirt  on top; while the "pawn" Bakura inside the world of the Pharaoh's memories has the same undershirt, but a shirt  light blue  in colour. 
 The "pawn"  Yami Bakura  challenges  Yugi  to a  Duel Monsters  Duel!  Duel Disks  suddenly appear on the two characters. 
 Back in the  Shadow Realm  at the  Dark RPG  table, the sand in  Yami Bakura 's third  Hourglass Token  has all fallen to the bottom, it is time for the arrival of  Zorc Necrophades . 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Cut from the dub is a scene of Seto rushing at Aknadin with a sword and stabbing him with it, alongside a scene of Aknadin embracing Seto before his spirit flies into Seto's body. The sword that Seto is holding is painted out of the possession scene in the dub. 
 In the Japanese version, when the spirit of Blue-Eyes confronts Aknadin in Seto's mind and destroys him, his body turns to stone and crumbles into dust. In the English dub, he instead dissolves into a bright, bubbly mist. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Priest Seto Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Duos 
 
 Shadow Magus (Aknadin) Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Humanoid Giant 
 
 Kisara Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 Pharaoh Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician  ( Mahad ) 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Other 
 Two unknown monster cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0b/Yugioh214.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071229173831', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/Pharaoh-Atem-Name.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20090911094451']
Categories: Stubs, Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes