Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Attribute_Spirit


 
 Attribute Spirit 
 属性の精霊 「 ぞくせいのせいれい 」  ( Zokusei no Seirei ) 
 
 
 
 
 Attribute Spirit 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Labyrinth of Nightmare Soul Fusion Chaos Impact 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dragunity Legion Structure Deck Onslaught of the Fire Kings Structure Deck Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Beginner's Edition 2 Duelist Legacy Volume.3 Structure Deck: Dragunity Drive Structure Deck: Onslaught of the Fire Kings Tournament Pack 2007 Vol.2 Tournament Pack 2007 Vol.3 Tournament Pack 2008 Vol.2 Beginner's Edition 2 (2011) 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Attribute Spirits  are a group of monsters with "Spirit" 「精霊」 in their name; however, they are not  Spirit monsters . They each belong to one of the elemental  Attributes  of the game:  DARK ,  EARTH ,  FIRE ,  LIGHT ,  WATER , and  WIND . Being  Special Summon-only monsters , their conditions for being  Special Summoned  are that you must  banish  one of your monsters in your  Graveyard  with the same Attribute. There is another set of monsters with similar effects and conditions, but these do not include "Spirit" in their name, and some require you to remove two monsters of the proper Attribute instead of one. In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, these cards were part of  Lyman Banner /Amnael's Alchemy Deck, used as part of the  cost  for " Elemental Absorber ". 
 
 Members 
 Their Japanese names share a naming pattern (Element "Spirit", Name) as follows:
 
 
 
 Card 
 Japanese 
 Translation 
 Origin
 
 
 Aqua Spirit 
 水の精霊 アクエリア 
 Water Spirit, Aquaria 
 Aquarius 
 
 
 Diana the Light Spirit 
 光の精霊 ディアーナ 
 Light Spirit, Diana 
 Diana 
 
 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 風の精霊 ガルーダ 
 Wind Spirit, Garuda 
 Garuda 
 
 
 Luna the Dark Spirit 
 闇の精霊 ルーナ 
 Dark Spirit, Luna 
 Luna 
 
 
 The Rock Spirit 
 岩の精霊 タイタン 
 Rock Spirit, Titan 
 Titan 
 
 
 Spirit of Flames 
 炎の精霊 イフリート 
 Flame Spirit, Ifrit 
 Ifrit 
 
 Effects and stats 
 " The Rock Spirit " and " Spirit of Flames " have the same  ATK  and  DEF  and they have similar effects:
 
 The ATK of "The Rock Spirit"  increases by 300 during its opponent's  Battle Phase . 
 The ATK of "Spirit of Flames" increases by 300 during its  controller 's Battle Phase. 
 " Garuda the Wind Spirit " and " Aqua Spirit " have the same ATK and DEF and have similar effects too:
 
 "Garuda the Wind Spirit" can change the  battle position  of 1  face-up  opponent's Monster Card monster during the opponent's  End Phase . 
 "Aqua Spirit" can change the battle position of 1 face-up opponent's monster during the opponent's  Standby Phase . 
 Monsters with opposite  Attributes  have effects with opposite purposes too:
 
 "Garuda the Wind Spirit" has a defensive effect, while "The Rock Spirit" has an offensive effect. 
 "Aqua Spirit" has a defensive purpose while "Spirit of Flames" has an offensive effect. 
 " Diana the Light Spirit " has her own unique effect, where you gain 1,000 life points but during your opponent’s end phase, similar to the aforementioned monsters "Garuda" and "Aqua". She also has the same ATK and DEF stats as "Rock" and "Flames".
 While " Luna the Dark Spirit " has her own unique effect, where it inflicts 500 damage to the opponent during your standby phase. She also has the same ATK and DEF stats as "Aqua" and "Garuda".
 
 Utility 
 These monsters are good for  swarming ,  Synchro  and  Xyz Material  because they can be easily  Special Summoned  from your  hand .
 
 You can use them as  Tribute Fodder  for the  Tribute Summon  of monsters of Level 5 or higher such as  Monarchs . Furthermore, these monsters make it easier to activate effects that require multiple monsters as Tribute, such as the effects of " Gilford the Lightning ", " Moisture Creature ", and " Beast King Barbaros ". 
 Tribute Summoning  is not the only way to get strong monsters. Since these Monsters are  Special Summoned  you can  Normal Summon  any  Tuner monster  to  Synchro Summon  a  Synchro Monster  and get a strong monster in a single turn. 
 They have different  Attributes , so you can use them in an  Element  Deck or a  Charmer  Deck. These monsters make the activation of " Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan " easier.
 
 " The Rock Spirit ", " Gigantes ", and the related " Gigastone Omega " can be used to raise the DEF of " Lost Guardian " or for their momentum-killing effects. They are also highly compatible with " Release from Stone ." 
 You can  Special Summon  2 of these (or 1 Attribute Spirit + 1 Level 4 Monster) to  Xyz Summon  a powerful Rank 4  Xyz Monster  like " Steelswarm Roach " or " Number 39: Utopia ", or Special Summon 1 Attribute Spirit and " Feedback Warrior " to  Xyz Summon  a Level 3  Xyz Monster  like " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", " Leviair the Sea Dragon " or " Wind-Up Zenmaines ". 
 Since “ Diana the Light Spirit ” is a  LIGHT  monster, she has great synergy with the “ Lightsworn ” archetype, and since the cards are all about milling from the deck, you’ll almost always be able to summon her. Being  Thunder  type means she can also be used in a “ Thunder Dragon ” Deck. 
   
 Attribute Spirit   属 性 の 精 霊 Members 
 Aqua Spirit Diana the Light Spirit Garuda the Wind Spirit Luna the Dark Spirit The Rock Spirit Spirit of Flames 
 
 v e 
 Attribute Spirit   属 性 の 精 霊 a   Members 
 Aqua Spirit Garuda the Wind Spirit The Rock Spirit Spirit of Flames 
 
 
 
 Four Elements
 
 
 This box:  view edit 
 
 EARTH   
 
 FIRE    
 
 WATER   
 
 WIND    
 
 
 Armor Ninjas 
 
 Earth 
 
 Flame 
 
 Aqua 
 
 Air 
 
 
 Attribute Spirit  counterparts
 
 Gigantes  /  Gigastone Omega 
 
 Inferno 
 
 Fenrir 
 
 Silpheed 
 
 
 Crusadia     (Level 3/4) 
 
 Leonis 
 
 Reclusia 
 
 Arboria 
 
 Draco 
 
 
 D/D/D 
 
 Darius 
 
 Genghis 
 
 Caesar 
 
 Alexander 
 
 
 Dracoslayers  and  Dracoverlords 
 
 Amorphactor Pain 
 
 Ignister Prominence 
 
 Dinoster Power 
 
 Majester Paladin 
 
 
 Dragon Rulers    Younger version
 
 Redox     Reactan 
 
 Blaster     Burner 
 
 Tidal     Stream 
 
 Tempest     Lightning 
 
 
 Elements     (by set and effect) 
 
 Soldier     Doom     Saurus 
 
 Dragon     Valkyrie     Saurus 
 
 Soldier     Valkyrie     Magician 
 
 Dragon     Doom     Magician 
 
 
 Gi-Ant Revolution
 
 Antbellion of the Rebellion 
 
 Ants Running About 
 
 Oppressed Ants 
 
 United Resist-Ants 
 
 
 Guardragons 
 
 Garmides 
 
 Prominesis 
 
 Justicia 
 
 Andrake 
 
 
 Itsu  Fairies
 
 Doitsu 
 
 Aitsu 
 
 Koitsu 
 
 Soitsu 
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dragons 
 
 Gravity 
 
 Meteorburst 
 
 Absolute 
 
 Vortex 
 
 
 Pendulum  Magicians 
 
 Dragonpulse 
 
 Nobledragon 
 
 Dragonpit 
 
 Oafdragon 
 
 
 Plant Princesses 
 
 Chirubime 
 
 Mariña 
 
 Talaya 
 
 Tytannial 
 
 
 Prank-Kids    Effect Monsters   Fusion Monsters   Link Monsters
 
 Rocksies     n/a     Meow-Meow-Mu 
 
 Lampsies     Rocket Ride     Bow-Wow-Bark 
 
 Dropsies     Weather Washer     Rip-Roarin-Roaster 
 
 Fansies     Battle Butler     Dodo-Doodle-Doo 
 
 
 Prevents Trap Activation upon being Normal Summoned
 
 Tactical Espionage Expert 
 
 Invasion of Flames 
 
 Creeping Doom Manta 
 
 Eagle Eye 
 
 
 Sealing Ceremonies 
 
 Mokuton 
 
 Katon 
 
 Suiton 
 
 Raiton 
 
 
 Sky Striker Ace    Link Monsters    (Link-1) 
 
 Kaina 
 
 Kagari 
 
 Shizuku 
 
 Hayate 
 
 
 Wind-Up    Xyz Monsters
 
 Zenmaister 
 
 Zenmaines 
 
 Zenmaighty 
 
 Zenmaioh 
 
 
 World Chalice    Link Monsters
 
 Ningirsu the World Chalice Warrior 
 
 Auram the World Chalice Blademaster 
 
 Ib the World Chalice Priestess 
 
 Imduk the World Chalice Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/SpiritofFlames-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120422160701', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/EARTH.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/FIRE.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053839', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918052107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series