Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Trickstar


 
 Trickstar 
 トリックスター  ( Torikkusutā ) 
 
 
 
 
 Clockwise, from top right: " Trickstar Holly Angel ", " Candina ", " Lycoris " and " Lilybell " in the artwork of " Trickstar Light Stage " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Farstar 
 
 
 German 
 Trickstar 
 
 
 Italian 
 Truccastella 
 
 
 Korean 
 트릭스터   Teurikseuteo   (romanized) Translation:  Trickster 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Trapestrela 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Bromiestrella Embaucadora  (Spanish Crunchyroll subtitles) 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Code of the Duelist Circuit Break Flames of Destruction Savage Strike 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 OTS Tournament Pack 6 Weekly Shonen Jump January 2018 membership promotional card Star Pack VRAINS Battles of Legend: Relentless Revenge 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 9 OTS Tournament Pack 10 Duel Power 2019 Gold Sarcophagus Tin 2020 Tin of Lost Memories Maximum Gold Dawn of Majesty 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 LINK VRAINS Edition V Jump February 2018 promotional card LINK VRAINS Box Premium Pack Vol.13 Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.3 Tournament Pack 2018 Vol.4 LINK VRAINS Duelist Set History Archive Collection 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2018 Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.14 1st Wave 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Trickstar " is an  archetype  of  female   LIGHT   Fairy   monsters  used by  Skye Zaizen (Blue Angel/Blue Gal)  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS . They debuted in the  OCG  and  TCG  with  Code of the Duelist .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 
 1.1   Design 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Main Deck 
 2.2   Extra Deck 
 
 
 3   Support 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Official Decklists 
 7   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Design 
       Blue Angel  with " Trickstar Holly Angel ", " Lilybell " and " Lycoris  in the  anime .     
 The "Trickstar" monsters are based on  Japanese idols . All of the members shown so far are  females  dressing in colorful attires with a few pairs of insect-like wings, glassy eyes, a tattoo of varying shape on their faces, headphones over their ears, and holding an unique object in their respective artworks. Their skirt designs resemble the petal of each flowers they're named after. Each of them also has an emblem resembles a mix of heart, skull, and butterfly, somewhere on their dress, possibly refers to the fact that majority of them are named after poisonous flowers. The Main Deck monsters have an appearance of teenage girls, while majority of the  Link Monsters  appear as young women.
 The monster " Dark Angel ", although not being an official member of this archetype, has a similar design to the rest of the "Trickstar" monsters and was also used by Skye in the anime once.
 
 Etymology 
 Trickstar is a portmanteau of the words "Trick" and "Star" while also playing on the word "Trickster". The members of this archetype are named after various flowers. In addition, all the Link Monsters' names released so far also contain religious or mythological motif.
 
 Members 
 Main Deck 
 
 
 Trickstar 
 Origin 
 Object
 
 
 Birdhelm 
 Aconitum 
 Rapier  +  Shield 
 
 
 Candina 
 Brugmansia 
 Megaphone 
 
 
 Corobane 
 Baneberry 
 Walking stick 
 
 
 Lilybell 
 Lily of the valley 
 Bell 
 
 
 Lycoris 
 Lycoris 
 Sword 
 
 
 Mandrake 
 Mandrake 
 Tambourine 
 
 
 Narkissus 
 Narcissus 
 Gun 
 
 
 Nightshade 
 Stinking Nightshade 
 Conductor baton 
 
 
 Rhodode 
 Rhododendron 
 Ōnusa 
 
 Extra Deck 
 
 
 Trickstar
 
 Origin
 
 Object
 
 
 Plant
 
 Religious figure
 
 
 Band Sweet Guitar 
 
 Solanum dulcamara 
 
 N/A
 
 Guitar 
 
 
 Bella Madonna 
 
 Belladonna 
 
 Madonna 
 
 Scythe 
 
 
 Black Catbat 
 
 Devil/Black Bat/Cat's Whiskers flower 
 
 Devil 
 
 Sceptre 
 
 
 Bloom 
 
 Common broom/Scottish broom 
 
 Witch 
 
 Broom 
 
 
 Crimson Heart 
 
 Bleeding heart 
 
 Mary 
 
 Handcuffs 
 
 
 Divaridis 
 
 Psychotria viridis 
 
 Diva 
 
 Stick 
 
 
 Delfiendium 
 
 Delphinium 
 
 Devil / Fiend 
 
 Cane 
 
 
 Foxglove Witch 
 
 Foxglove 
 
 Witch 
 
 Wand 
 
 
 Holly Angel 
 
 Hollyhocks 
 
 Angel 
 
 Flail 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card
 
 Origin
 
 
 Trickstar Magical Laurel 
 Corolla 
 
 
 Trickstar Maribold 
 Marigold 
 
 
 Trickstar Perennial 
 Perennial plant 
 
 
 Trickstar Reincarnation 
 Carnation 
 
 Playing style 
 The primary strategy of a "Trickstar" Deck is dealing small amounts of effect damage, usually 200 damage. In the case of the Main Deck cards, this effect is triggered according to the opponent's actions, as follows:
 
 
 
 Trickstar 
 Damage inflicting effect
 
 
 Bella Madonna 
 For each different "Trickstar" monster in its controller's Graveyard.
 
 
 Black Catbat 
 When a monster it points to is destroyed by battle or by a card effect.
 
 
 Bloom 
 
 
 Candina 
 When the opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card.
 
 
 Divaridis 
 When the opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster.
 
 
 Foxglove Witch 
 When Special Summoned and when destroyed, for each card the opponent controls.
 
 
 Holly Angel 
 When a "Trickstar" monster is Normal or Special Summoned to a Zone it points to.
 
 
 Light Stage 
 When a "Trickstar" monster inflicts damage to the opponent.
 
 
 Lycoris 
 When the opponent adds card(s) to their hand, for each card.
 
 
 Narkissus 
 When the opponent activates a monster's effect in their hand or Graveyard.
 
 
 Rhodode 
 When a card(s) is banished from the opponent's Graveyard, for each card.
 
 This archetype's secondary strategy is to disrupt your opponent's plays to prevent them from mounting a comeback. "Light Stage" can lock down their Set Spells and Traps for a turn before forcing a "use it or lose it" scenario. " Trickstar Reincarnation " banishes the opponent's entire hand and lets them draw an equal number of new cards for them (which can also deal significant burn damage off of the effect of "Lycoris"), eliminating the benefit of search cards and cards that activate in the Graveyard. "Holly Angel" prevents "Trickstar" monsters in her Link Points from being destroyed. "Lycoris" can return "Trickstar" monsters from the field to the hand to avoid other removal effects
 Many of the main deck "Trickstar" monsters offer ways to special summon themselves to the field, and combined with the Extra Deck monsters' generic in-archetype summoning conditions, makes it possible for "Trickstars" to quickly cycle and Link climb through their numerous Link monsters while inflicting continuous burn damage along the way with the help of " Holly Angel ", "Lightstage" and " Dark Room of Nightmare ". Once the player has at least 2000 LP higher than the opponent, " Crimson Heart " allows the player to regain their hand advantage by discarding one Trickstar card. An ending board can consist of "Holly Angel" pointing to " Bella Madonna " in the main monster zone, which prevents the opponent from disabling "Bella Madonna's" effects that require it to not point to a monster, while simultaneously fueling her effect damage ability with multiple different "Trickstars" in the Graveyard. " Foxglove Witch " and " Divaridis " punish the opponent for swarming their field for each card they control/when then summon their monster, while "Corobane" and "Band Sweet Guitar" will make sure the player can finish off their opponent by battle damage, in case you somehow are unable to do so with effect damage.
 To help facilitate the above strategies, "Trickstars" have immense searching and reviving power. "Light Stage" can search any of the "Trickstar" monsters on activation. " Candina " can search any "Trickstar" card, including herself, when Normal Summoned. This will often be " Lilybell ," which you can then Special Summon, allowing you to promptly  Link Summon  " Holly Angel " or attack directly with "Lilybell" via its effect to recover a "Trickstar" card from the Graveyard. " Lycoris " can return "Candina" to your hand to allow you to Summon her and search again. "Reincarnation" can be banished from the Graveyard to Special Summon a "Trickstar" from the Graveyard. Trickstar also has a side strategy in generating Tokens to facilitate Link Summoning through " Festival " and " Live Stage ".
 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite the "Trickstar" Deck possessing a combination of rapid effect damage along with field and hand control, they have a lot of weaknesses.  First, cards that either prevent/redirect effect damage or benefit from it, such as " Cyberse Magician ", " Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste ", " Energy-Absorbing Monolith " " Nature's Reflection ", " Spell of Pain ", ' Doppelganger " " Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment ", " Hanewata " and " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons " pose big threats.  " Ferret Flames " can be another huge Achilles heel--because the non-Link "Trickstars" in particular have average or less  ATK , a significant enough gap in LP between both players may force the "Trickstar" player to clear their entire board of monsters, made worse by the fact that none of the "Trickstar" monsters have effects that activate when sent to the GY this way (the few that do either need to be destroyed or banished by card effect or sent to the GY for a Link Summon.)
 This Deck also do a lot of searching.  Cards like " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring ", " Mistake " and " Mistaken Arrest " can stop "Candina" and "Light Stage" from setting off their searches. " Shared Ride " can also supply your hand with more resources for each search "Trickstar" Decks do.  While " Droll & Lock Bird " can also prevent searches, note that this card is an exception,  not  the rule, as it can be used in a lethal combination  with  "Trickstar Reincarnation" in "Trickstar" Decks--your opponent would be left with an empty hand after they banish it through the Trap thanks to "Droll"'s effect.
 "Trickstar"s also spend a significant amount of time  Special Summoning , which cards like the "Vanity"'s series, " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo ", " Evilswarm Ophion " (for the Main Deck "Trickstars")  " Barrier Statues "," Koa'ki Meiru Drago ", and " Ally of Justice Quarantine " can Plug  up.  " Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries " can also seal any Extra Deck monsters "Trickstar"s may use in a pinch. " Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood " can also easily counter the burn damage as it cannot outpace the heal.
 The aforementioned below-par ATK/ DEF  that most (if not all) the "Trickstar" monsters have mean that this Deck can be easily mowed down by  Beatdown -based Decks and the boss monsters of many Decks.  Cards like " Honest " and " Solidarity " (for pure Type builds) can help compensate for their low ATK in particular.   
 Finally, all of the "Trickstar" cards are vulnerable to all kinds of things while on the  field .  Anti-LIGHT cards such as " Light-Imprisoning Mirror " and the " Ally of Justice "/" Koa'ki Meiru " series can cripple this Deck.  "Trickstar" monsters can easily be Tributed by " Kaiju "s, " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode ", " Lava Golem ", " Soul Exchange " and " The Monarchs Stormforth  plus they can have their effects readily negated by cards like " Majesty's Fiend ", " Effect Veiler " and " Skill Drain ".  "Trickstar" Spells that stay on the field like "Light Stage" "Light Arena" and "Magicorolla" can conveniently be popped off the field by generic Spell/Trap removal like " Twin Twisters ", " Cosmic Cyclone ", " Mystical Space Typhoon " and " Typhoon ".
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Trickstar Candina 
 Trickstar Corobane 
 Trickstar Lilybell 
 Trickstar Lycoris 
 Trickstar Mandrake 
 Trickstar Narkissus 
 Trickstar Nightshade 
 Trickstar Rhodode 
 Athena 
 Droll & Lock Bird 
 Honest 
 Morphing Jar 
 Protector of the Sanctuary Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar 
 Link Monsters 
 Trickstar Bella Madonna 
 Trickstar Black Catbat 
 Trickstar Bloom 
 Trickstar Crimson Heart 
 Trickstar Delfiendium 
 Trickstar Divaridis 
 Trickstar Foxglove Witch 
 Trickstar Holly Angel Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cup of Ace 
 Dark Room of Nightmare 
 Terraforming 
 Transmodify 
 Trickstar Bouquet 
 Trickstar Festival 
 Trickstar Fusion 
 Trickstar Light Arena 
 Trickstar Light Stage 
 Trickstar Live Stage 
 Trickstar Magical Laurel 
 Traps 
 Brutal Potion 
 Disturbance Strategy 
 Present Card 
 Trickstar Reincarnation 
 Official Decklists 
 
 "Trickstar" Deck [1] Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Firecracker  x2 
 Rescue Ferret  x3 
 Summoner Monk 
 Trickstar Candina  x3 
 Trickstar Lilybell  x3 
 Trickstar Lycoris  x3 Extra Deck  (15) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer 
 Daigusto Phoenix 
 Fairy Cheer Girl 
 Gachi Gachi Gantetsu 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning 
 Sky Cavalry Centaurea 
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Gaiasaber, the Virtual Knight  x2 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon 
 Trickstar Holly Angel  x3 Spells  (14) &  Traps  (11) 
 Spells 
 Dark Room of Nightmare  x3 
 Double Summon  x3 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Monster Reborn 
 Terraforming  x3 
 Trickstar Light Stage  x3 
 Traps 
 Appropriate  x2 
 Blind Obliteration 
 Dark Bribe  x2 
 Recall  x3 
 Trickstar Reincarnation  x3 
 
 V Jump September Issue Recommended "Trickstar" Deck [2] Monsters  (17) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Artifact Moralltach  x2 
 Artifact Scythe 
 Dark Angel 
 Honest  x3 
 Trickstar Candina  x3 
 Trickstar Lycoris  x3 
 Trickstar Lilybell 
 Trickstar Narkissus  x3 Extra Deck  (15) 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician  x2 
 Decode Talker 
 Firewall Dragon  x2 
 Gaiasaber, the Virtual Knight 
 Proxy Dragon  x2 
 Trickstar Crimson Heart  x2 
 Trickstar Holly Angel  x2 
 Trickstar Black Catbat  x2 
 V-LAN Hydra Spells  (12) &  Traps  (11) 
 Spells 
 Chain Summoning  x3 
 Dark Hole  x2 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Monster Reborn 
 Terraforming  x2 
 Trickstar Light Stage  x3 
 Traps 
 Appropriate  x2 
 Artifact Sanctum  x3 
 Blazing Mirror Force  x2 
 Metaverse 
 Trickstar Reincarnation  x3 
 
 "Trickstar" Deck (FLOD/LVB1) [3] Monsters  (23) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Artifact Scythe  x2 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring  x2 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit  x2 
 Trickstar Candina  x3 
 Trickstar Corobane  x3 
 Trickstar Lilybell  x2 
 Trickstar Lycoris  x3 
 Trickstar Nightshade  x2 
 Trickstar Rhodode  x3 Extra Deck  (15) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades 
 Wind-Up Arsenal Zenmaioh 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Decode Talker 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Linkuriboh  x2 
 Skulldeat, the Chained Dracoserpent 
 Summon Sorceress 
 Trickstar Bella Madonna 
 Trickstar Bloom 
 Trickstar Foxglove Witch 
 Trickstar Holly Angel Spells  (14) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Scapegoat  x2 
 Set Rotation 
 Terraforming 
 Trickstar Light Arena  x2 
 Trickstar Light Stage  x3 
 Trickstar Magical Laurel  x2 
 Twin Twisters  x2 
 Traps 
 Artifact Sanctum  x2 
 Trickstar Reincarnation 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/deathbyburndamagefromzarcandpals/ 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/ocg-link-vrains-edition-centric-deck-recipes/ 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/decktheburnhalls/ 
 
 
   
" Trickstar " 「トリックスター」 Members 
 Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar Trickstar Bella Madonna Trickstar Black Catbat Trickstar Bloom Trickstar Candina Trickstar Corobane Trickstar Crimson Heart Trickstar Delfiendium Trickstar Divaridis Trickstar Foxglove Witch Trickstar Holly Angel Trickstar Lilybell Trickstar Lycoris Trickstar Mandrake Trickstar Narkissus Trickstar Nightshade Trickstar Rhodode Trickstar Token 
 Trickstar Bouquet Trickstar Festival Trickstar Fusion Trickstar Light Arena Trickstar Light Stage Trickstar Live Stage Trickstar Magical Laurel Trickstar Reincarnation 
 Support 
 Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar Trickstar Bella Madonna Trickstar Black Catbat Trickstar Bloom Trickstar Candina Trickstar Corobane Trickstar Crimson Heart Trickstar Delfiendium Trickstar Foxglove Witch Trickstar Holly Angel Trickstar Lilybell Trickstar Lycoris Trickstar Mandrake Trickstar Nightshade Trickstar Rhodode 
 Trickstar Bouquet Trickstar Festival Trickstar Fusion Trickstar Light Arena Trickstar Light Stage Trickstar Live Stage Trickstar Magical Laurel Trickstar Reincarnation 
 Related 
 Dark Angel 
 
 v e 
" Trickstar " 「トリックスター」 a   Members 
 Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar Trickstar Bella Madonna Trickstar Birdhelm Trickstar Black Catbat Trickstar Bloom Trickstar Bouquet Trickstar Candina Trickstar Cascade Trickstar Corobane Trickstar Crimson Heart Trickstar Delfiendium Trickstar Divaridis Trickstar Fusion Trickstar Holly Angel Trickstar Light Arena Trickstar Light Stage Trickstar Lilybell Trickstar Live Stage Trickstar Lycoris Trickstar Mandrake Trickstar Maribold Trickstar Narkissus Trickstar Nightshade Trickstar Perennial Trickstar Reincarnation Trickstar Scatter Trickstar Temptation Trickstar Token Trickstar Treat Trickstar Vision 
 Support 
 Trickstar Band Sweet Guitar Trickstar Bella Madonna Trickstar Birdhelm Trickstar Black Catbat Trickstar Bloom Trickstar Candina Trickstar Cascade Trickstar Corobane Trickstar Crimson Heart Trickstar Holly Angel Trickstar Light Arena Trickstar Light Stage Trickstar Lilybell Trickstar Live Stage Trickstar Lycoris Trickstar Mandrake Trickstar Nightshade Trickstar Perennial Trickstar Reincarnation Trickstar Scatter Trickstar Temptation Trickstar Vision 
 Related 
 Dark Angel 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Trickster.png/revision/latest?cb=20170414182809', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Trickster_%28anime%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170510174553']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)