Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yubel_(Duel_Links)


 
 Yubel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Yubel 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yubel 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Yubel Deck Playtime: Doubt Playtime: Sorrow Playtime: Pain Playtime: Malice Playtime: Wrath Ultimate Terror 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiromi Tsuru 
 
 
 
 Yubel  is a  Duel Monster Spirit  and playable  Legendary Duelist , who appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yubel , a character and Duel Monster Spirit from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Originally being exclusive to the  special event   Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare , as of November 29, 2019, she and  Jaden/Yubel  were later able to be unlocked via Character Unlock missions from an update.
 During the special event, Shattering Hearts are required to Duel Yubel at the  Gate . She can now be dueled at the Gate using Black Gate Keys. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Level 50 
 3.2.6   Level 60 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 
 5.1   Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 
 
 6    Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 When Jaden was young, the card spirit  Yubel  was his dear friend. But Jaden sent Yubel into space, wishing the light of the universe would clear the darkness in Yubel's heart. Unfortunately, it had the opposite effect. But that doesn't change the fact that Jaden and Yubel have a deep connection that transcends time.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Event icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Deck 
 Character 
 
 Yubel Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Trial of Nightmares  x3 
 Succubus Knight 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x3 
 Vishwar Randi  x3 
 The Drdek  x3 
 Embryonic Beast  x3 
 Fungi of the Musk  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Yubel  (glossy) 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Level 10 
 
 Playtime: Doubt Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Embryonic Beast  x3 
 Fungi of the Musk  x3 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x3 
 Vishwar Randi  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Memory Crusher  x3 
 Regenerating Rose 
 Yubel Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Playtime: Sorrow Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x3 
 Trial of Nightmare  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Memory Crusher  x3 
 Regenerating Rose 
 Yubel Spells  (5) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness  x3 
 Veil of Darkness  x2 
 Traps 
 Coffin Seller  x2 
 Limit Reverse  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Playtime: Pain Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Des Dendle  x3 
 Grave Squirmer  x3 
 Regenerating Rose 
 Rigorous Reaver  x2 
 Vampiric Orchis  x3 
 Yubel  x2 
 Yubel - Terror Incarnate Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Tribute to The Doomed  x2 
 Veil of Darkness  x2 
 Traps 
 Limit Reverse  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Playtime: Malice Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Grave Squirmer  x2 
 Regenerating Rose 
 Lava Golem 
 Mystic Tomato  x3 
 Yubel  x2 
 Yubel - Terror Incarnate 
 Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare Spells  (3) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Tribute to The Doomed  x2 
 Traps 
 Damage Gate  x2 
 Limit Reverse  x2 
 Ultimate Providence  x2 
 Level 50 
 Skill: Terror Incarnate (Yubel will start off with Yubel - Terror Incarnate on the field.)
 
 
 Playtime: Wrath Monsters  (7) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Regenerating Rose 
 Samsara Lotus 
 Yubel  x3 
 Yubel - Terror Incarnate 
 Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare Spells  (10) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Ante  x2 
 Dark Hole 
 Fires of Doomsday  x2 
 Mystic Plasma Zone  x2 
 Tribute to The Doomed  x2 
 Traps 
 Battle Mania 
 Limit Reverse  x2 
 Level 60 
 Skill: The Ultimate Nightmare (Yubel will start off with Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare on the field.)
 
 
 Ultimate Terror Monsters  (7) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lava Golem  x2 
 Yubel  x3 
 Yubel - Terror Incarnate 
 Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare Spells  (10) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness  x2 
 Ante  x3 
 Dark Hole 
 Fires of Doomsday 
 Mystic Plasma Zone 
 Tribute to The Doomed  x2 
 Traps 
 Limit Reverse 
 Ultimate Providence  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yubel reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Dark Energy "
 
 
 4
 
 Power of Dark ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck Slot (Yubel)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yubel)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Vampiric Orchis "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Coffin Seller "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Allured by Darkness ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Dark Cure "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Coffin Seller "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Spell Chronicle "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Compensation ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Dark Cure "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Spell Chronicle "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck Slot (Yubel)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 My Name is Yubel ( Skill )
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Dark Cure "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Spell Chronicle "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Des Dendle "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Yubel)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Yubel "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yubel, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Yubel "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Grave Squirmer "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Des Dendle "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Samsara Lotus "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Regenerating Rose "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Vampire Orchis "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Warrior of Tradition "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Beautiful Headhuntress "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Sonic Maid "
 
  Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Yami " activated.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Allured by Darkness
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Instead of doing a normal draw, " Allure of Darkness " is added to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Compensation
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1000. Send the card on the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, and recover 300 LP. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 My Name is Yubel
 
 Once per turn, shuffle " Yubel - Terror Incarnate " or " Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare " from your hand into deck, and add 1 " Yubel " from your deck to your hand.
 
 Level 30
 
 
 Devoured by Sacred Beasts
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per Duel.
 Return 1 Fiend-Type monster with 0 ATK/DEF from your hand to the Deck and add 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" from your Deck to your hand. 
 Select 2 cards from your hand or face-up monsters (except Tokens) on your field, return them to your Deck, and send 3 " Hyper Blaze " from outside of your Deck to your Graveyard. Then, add 1 " Fallen Paradise " from outside of your Deck to the bottom of your Deck. At the end of your next turn, "Fallen Paradise" you control will be banished. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that has at least 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", 1 "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", 1 "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", at least 6 Fiend-Type monsters with 0 ATK/DEF, and no other monsters. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 I'm Always Near You
 
 Return all banished "Yubel", "Yubel - Terror Incarnate", "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare" to your Deck or Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Love is Pain
 
 If you receive damage from your opponent's card effect when your Life Points are at 2000 or lower, your opponent will receive the same amount of damage.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Painful Evolution
 
 If you control either "Yubel" or "Yubel - Terror Incarnate", you can choose 1 of the following:
 Send 1 "Yubel" you control to the Graveyard to play "Yubel - Terror Incarnate" from your hand. 
 Send 1 "Yubel - Terror Incarnate" you control to the Graveyard to play "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare" from your hand. 
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Event
 
 
 Fiend Farewell
 
 Can be used when one of your monsters is destroyed by battle. 1 random Fiend-Type monster from your Deck is sent to the graveyard.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Right Back at You
 
 Can be used in the Main Phase of your next turn following the turn in which you took battle damage. Select 1 face-up monster on your field. This turn, the selected monster's ATK increases by half of the battle damage received in the turn you last took battle damage. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 5 or higher monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Spell/Trap Card in your deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki 
 When Yubel loses a Duel against  Jaden Yuki , she says "Jaden, you will be by my side for eternity." 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Zane Truesdale , Yubel announces "Hahaha...Fine. You shall also share in my suffering." 
 Jesse Anderson 
 When starting a Duel with  Jesse Anderson , Yubel announces "Stay out of my way." followed by "Jaden belongs to me!" 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 When Yubel wins a Duel against  Jaden/Yubel , she says "Jaden, you and I will finally be together forever." 
 When Yubel loses a Duel against Jaden/Yubel, she says "Jaden, you will be by my side for eternity." followed by "We will fight the Waves of Chaos. And save the world!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yubel Summons " Yubel ", a cut-in frame of Yubel briefly appears, and she announces "Hahaha... I'll show you who I am, the true me!" followed by "Yubel!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Yubel" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Yubel" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Yubel attacks!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate my own effect!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ", a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Rise up, Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Yubel" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Hamon!" followed by "Cerulean Skyfire!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder's effect activates!" (spoken as "Hamon's effect activates!") 
 When Yubel Summons " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ", a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Rise up! Raviel, Lord of Phantasms!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Raviel attacks!" followed by "Shimmering Scraper!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms effect activates!" (spoken as "Raviel's effect activates!") 
 When Yubel Summons " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ", a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Rise up, Uria, Lord of Searing Flames!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Uria attacks!" followed by "Hyper Blaze" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames's effect activates!" (spoken as "Uria's effect activates!") 
 When Yubel Summons " Yubel - Terror Incarnate ", a cut-in frame of Yubel briefly appears, and she announces "Yubel - Terror Incarnate!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Terror Incarnate, unleash the pain!" (spoken as "Yubel - Terror Incarnate, unleash the pain!") 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Yubel - Terror Incarnate's effect activates!" (spoken as "Terror Incarnate's effect activates!") 
 When Yubel Summons " Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare ", a cut-in frame of Yubel briefly appears, and she announces "When Yubel - Terror Incarnate leaves this dimension, a stronger form descends." followed by "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare is upon you!" then followed by "In my ultimate form I cannot be destroyed by battle!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Ultimate Nightmare attacks!" (spoken as "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare attacks!") followed by "Prepare for an endless, restless sleep!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare's effect activates!" (spoken as "The Ultimate Nightmare's effect activates!") 
 When Yubel Summons " Armityle the Chaos Phantom " a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Hahaha...Rise up, Armityle the Chaos Phantom!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Armityle shall make you suffer!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Neos Wiseman ", a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Let's go, Neos." followed by "Neos Wiseman!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Neos Wiseman, attack!" followed by "Ultimate Nova!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Neos Wiseman's effect activates!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Rainbow Dark Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Yubel's face briefly appears, and she announces "Rise, my mighty Rainbow Dark Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rise, my mighty Rainbow Dark Dragon!" followed by "Dark Rainbow Refraction!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Rainbow Dark Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Elemental HERO Neos ", she announces "Come, Elemental HERO Neos!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Let's go Neos, attack! Elemental HERO Neos, Cosmic Crush!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Grave Squirmer ", she announces "Come, Grave Squirmer!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Grave Squirmer!" followed by "Strangling Claw!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Grave Squirmer's effect activates!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Mad Reloader ", she announces "Come, Mad Reloader!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mad Reloader, attack!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mad Reloader's effect activates!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Phantom Skyblaster ", she announces "Come, Phantom Skyblaster!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Phantom Skyblaster, fire!" followed by "Vision Blast!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Phantom Skyblaster's effect activates!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Regenerating Rose ", she announces "Grow, Regenerating Rose!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Regenerating Rose!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Regenerating Rose's effect!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Samsara Lotus ", she announces "Sprout, Samsara Lotus!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Prepare for an endless, restless sleep! I attack with Samsara Lotus!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Samsara Lotus's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yubel activates " Chaos Burst ", she announces "My Trap activates, Chaos Burst! Is it painful? The pain I felt is nothing in comparison!" 
 When Yubel activates " Dark Bribe ", she announces "You're so predictable, my Counter Trap activates, Dark Bribe!" 
 When Yubel activates " Hate Buster ", she announces "The Trap Card, Hate Buster!" 
 When Yubel activates " Polymerization " she announces "You will find this card most satisfying." followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Yubel activates " Rainbow Life ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Rainbow Life!" 
 When Yubel activates " Sinister Seeds " she announces "I activate the Trap Card, Sinister Seeds!" followed by "The more damage you inflict, the stronger my plants will grow." 
 When Yubel activates " Spell Chronicle ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Spell Chronicle!" followed by "This Spell will bring us even closer, it's a scroll that notes the future." 
 When Yubel activates " Super Polymerization ", she announces "I activate Super Polymerization!" 
 When Yubel activates " Zero Sprite ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Zero Sprite!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Yubel Summons " Chaos Core ", she announces "Arise, Chaos Core!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Chaos Core, attack!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Chaos Core's effect activates!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Dark Summoning Beast ", she announces "I call forth Dark Summoning Beast!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Dark Summoning Beast!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Dark Summoning Beast's effect!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Grinder Golem ", she announces "Step forward, Grinder Golem!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Grinder Golem, pulverize!" 
 When Yubel Summons " Phantom of Chaos ", she announces "Come, Phantom of Chaos!"
 Most of the time when Yubel declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Phantom of Chaos, attack!" 
 When Yubel activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Phantom of Chaos's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yubel activates " Chain Material ", she announces "My Trap activates, Chain Material! Hahaha...Accept my gift of hardship pain, at fear." 
 When Yubel activates " Hand Destruction ", she announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Hand Destruction!" 
 Trivia 
 When starting a Duel against  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Yubel announces "Jaden..." followed by "No matter how far apart, no matter how much time has passed, you are eternally mine!" 
 Yubel's dialogue for when she loses a Duel against Jaden Yuki becomes extended when losing against Jaden/Yubel. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy ,  Carly Carmine , and  Yuma and Astral  are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM),  Joey Wheeler (DM) , Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Yami Marik,  Espa Roba ,  Aigami ,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 The Legendary Duelists who have the longest dialogue for the specific cards that feature a cut-in frame of the said character(s) are:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Odion -  Mystical Beast of Serket , The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 The Paradox Brothers -  Gate Guardian 
 Yubel -  Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sartorius Kumar -  Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ,  Arcana Force XXI - The World 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine -  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik - The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 v e 
 Yubel  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Yubel-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20181030070111', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Profile-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306183339', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Icon-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest?cb=20180913150507', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Icon-DULI-Yubel2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180913150307', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/Icon-DULI-RiseofYubelTheUltimateNightmare.png/revision/latest?cb=20180913150412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Chibi-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231164308', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/CutIn-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314194334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Summoning-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172400', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/Defeat-DULI-Yubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307142239', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yubel pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters