Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tate


 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Tate 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 
 Japanese   
 山 城  タツヤ 山城 タツヤ やましろ タツヤ Rōmaji: ( Yamashiro Tatsuya ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 진수 KRR: Jinsu Translated:  Jinsu 
 
 
 French   
 Taté 
 
 
 German   
 Tate 
 
 
 Italian   
 Tate 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Youth" Class   Runner-up [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Deskbot 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Amanda D'Archangelis 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 
 German  
 Philip Süß 
 
 
 
 Tate , known as  Tatsuya Yamashiro  ( 山 城  タツヤ  Yamashiro Tatsuya ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. After watching  Yuya Sakaki  Duel  the Sledgehammer , Tate quickly became one of Yuya's biggest and steadfast supporters, calling him "Onii-chan" as a sign of affection and respect (Japanese version only). Tate is enrolled in  You Show Duel School  and proved to be very knowledgeable.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yuya Sakaki 
 3.2   Frederick and Allie 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Tate.     
 Tate is a fair skinned young boy with blue hair and shoes. He wears a white short sleeved shirt and brown vest, along with a watch and short khaki pants. Tate has purplish-gray eyes.
 
 Personality 
 Tate is cheerful and intelligent. He is loyal to his friends, no matter the situation; when many potential students for You Show Duel School called Yuya a cheater for his exclusive  Pendulum Summoning , Tate still believed that Yuya won fairly. He hopes to be a Dueltainer when he grows up.
 
 Etymology 
 Tate is an English diminutive form of Tatsuya.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Tate calls Yuya "Onii-chan", meaning "big brother".
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Tate attended  You Show Duel School  with a study group a few times. On one such occasion, he watched  Yuya Sakaki  Dueling  Gong Strong , and witnessed Yuya pulling a funny face after the  ARC System  shut down during the Duel. Later, he attended the match between Yuya and  the Sledgehammer , which Yuya won by  Pendulum Summoning . Tate then went to You Show to enroll, but most of the prospective students left in a huff after Yuya revealed that he was the only person who could Pendulum Summon. Tate angrily denied that Yuya was a cheater, and his presence and Gong's encouragement managed to get Yuya to lighten up. Tate then enrolled into You Show. [2] [3] 
 The day after Yuya finally mastered Pendulum Summoning, Tate,  Allie  and  Frederick  waited for him and  Zuzu Boyle  outside their school, asking Yuya to show them a Pendulum Summon. Yuya agreed, but they were interrupted by  LID  student  Sylvio Sawatari , who suggested Yuya show them the Summmon at the LID Center Court. Once they were there, Sylvio stole Yuya's " Magician "  Pendulum Monsters  and challenged him to a Duel; Sylvio's friend  Ootomo  took Tate, Allie and Frederick hostage. They were placed on the bridge of " Prison Tower of Darkville ", where they were put at risk when Yuya activated Action Traps. [4]  After  Sora Perse  knocked out Sylvio and his lackeys, he introduced himself to Tate and the others. [5] 
 Tate later watched the duel between Yuya and Sora, seeing a  Fusion Summon  for the first time when Sora summoned " Frightfur Bear " [6] , and was happy when Yuya won. [7] . When Yuya was accused of violently attacking Sylvio, Tate and the other You Show students chose to believe that Yuya was innocent. [8]  Tate later watched Yuya, Zuzu and Gong duel the LID Junior Class course reps. [9] [10] [11]  He later watched Yuya Duel  Declan Akaba [12] [13]  and  Skip Boyle . [14] 
 Tate, Frederick and Allie then watched Yuya's four duels against  Reed Pepper [15] ,  Pierre L'Supérieure [16] ,  Aura Sentia [17]  and Gong, which Yuya had to win in order to qualify for the  Arc League Championship  on his own merit. They watched Yuya's duel against Gong from a hiding place after being told by  Nico Smiley  not to be present; however, they, Zuzu and Skip emerged to congratulate Yuya after he had won. [18] [19] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Tate qualified for the Youth ("Junior" in the original) Division of the  Arc League Championship . He watched Allie's duel against  Riley Akaba , and was surprised to see him Fusion Summon. Tate approached Riley after the latter defeated Allie, but Riley simply walked past him. [20]  Tate also watched Zuzu's rematch with  Julia Krystal , Gong's duel against  Grizzlepike Jones , Yuya's rematch with Sylvio, and Sora's duel against  Shay Obsidian  which turned violent. Tate stayed to watch the rest of the Junior Division first round and the Youth Division second round in which Frederick lost, also to Riley. 
 Tate, Frederick and Allie then watched the second round matches of the Junior Division, including Yuya's duel against  Iggy Arlo  in which the former became  awakened  for the first time. [21]  They then stayed behind to watch the Junior Division's  Battle Royal . The feeds were cut off during the Battle Royal, preventing Tate and the rest of You Show from seeing Yuya and Zuzu's progress. They had to stay at the stadium overnight due to the  ARC System  being used in  Paradise City . [22]  It was also revealed that Tate progressed to the final of the Youth Division, which would be taking place as scheduled the next morning. [23]  Tate dueled Riley in the final and lost, thus finished his participation in the tournament as his division's runner-up.
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Tate was a spectator at the Paradise Stadium, along with Allie, Frederick,  Yoko  and Skip, as the victors of the Battle Royal entered. Tate noticed Sylvio walking out to the crowd and wondered why, when Sylvio had lost to Yuya.  Henrietta Akaba  later appeared to the audience, announcing the cancellation of the tournament. Tate refused to believe that Sora was one of the enemy attackers who caused the tournament to be discontinued. After the announcement, Tate was shocked to hear that the girl he thought was Zuzu, walking out with Yuya at the stadium, is actually  Celina , and the real Zuzu had disappeared.  [24]  Tate watched the Duel between Yuya and his mother, and bid him goodbye after the Duel, as he departed for the  Synchro Dimension . [25] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  opened a dimensional rift, Tate stared at it in shock. [26]  He watched Gong Dueling through the rift, wondering what was the  huge dragon . He was worried about Gong when " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " destroyed all of his monsters. [27]  Tate wondered where  Yuya  was and noticed that " Supreme King Servant Dragon Odd-Eyes " was the same as " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". He and Allie wondered if  the Duelist  had a connection to Yuya due to their similar appearances. He and the others were sent to the  Fusion Dimension  after the rift expanded and transported  Paradise City  there. When Skip noticed people in the air, Tate looked up and thought the Duelist was Yuya. [28] [28]  While they watched  Declan  Duel Z-ARC, Tate and Allie were surprised he was appealing to Yuya and when Z-ARC claimed that he was the true founder of  Pendulum Summoning . He was surprised when he thought that "Z-ARC" had killed Declan and when  Riley  joined the Duel. When Riley used " En Flowers ", Tate and the others watched as flowers appeared around them. [29] 
 Following Z-ARC's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Tate lost his memories of  Zuzu  and people from  other dimensions . Yuya arrived late one day, wearing new  boots  that Frederick praised. Tate asked where Yuya bought them, but Yuya revealed that they were a gift, though he couldn't remember  who  had bought them for him. Yuya then Dueled Tate, Allie and Frederick, with Tate using his " Deskbot "  Pendulum Monsters . The Duel was interrupted by Skip, who revealed that Yuya had been invited to the  Junior Arc League Championship . Tate, Allie and Frederick watched the  Battle Royal  between Yuya,  Sylvio ,  Gong , and  Moon Shadow , who urged everybody to remember the Arc League Championship, and Tate began to recall the events. [30] 
 
 Relationships 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Tate truly looks up to Yuya and doesn't doubt his Dueling or  Pendulum  skills even when others do as seen when Yuya loses to  Zuzu . Tate sees Yuya almost like an older brother and after seeing him defeat  The Sledgehammer , decides to enroll in  You Show Duel School .
 
 Frederick and Allie 
 Tate is close friends with  Frederick  and  Allie . They are rarely apart and are often seen supporting Yuya or Zuzu. Tate sometimes helps Frederick and Allie understand Dueling concepts, such as when he was teaching them about Flip Summoning during Yuya's match against  Aura . Frederick and Allie are surprised at Tate's intelligence. Frederick once called Tate a human calculator.
 
 Deck 
       Tate's Pendulum "Deskbots".     
 The only card initially shown in Tate's possession was " Performachine Gadget Giant ". After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the second dimensional split, Tate uses a " Deskbot " Deck, including  Pendulum Monsters .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performachine Gadget Giant 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Deskbot 005 
 Deskbot 006 
 Deskbot 007 
 Deskbot 008 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 48 - 49 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 141 
 No Result (with  Allie  and  Frederick )
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 5: " Toying Around: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 6: " Toying Around: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 19: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Tate.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140414175220', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/FullTate.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150406105517', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Tatsuya-DeskbotPendulum.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20170205124515']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters