Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_040


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 040 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 キング・オブ・デュエリスト 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kingu obu Dyueristo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 King of Duelists 
 
 
 English 
 Aftermath 
 
 
 Number 
 040 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 30, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 5, 2002 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " V O I C E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Energizing Shower " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 "Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuhiro Minami 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoyuki Kuzuya 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidetsugu Hirayama 
 
 
 Art director 
 Nobuto Sakamoto 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " 
 " The Wrath of Rebecca " 
 
 
 
 
 "Aftermath" , known as  "King of Duelists"  in the Japanese version, is the fortieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  second series anime . It is the last episode of the  Duelist Kingdom arc . It first aired in Japan on January 30, 2001 and in the United States on October 5, 2002.
 There are no Duels in this episode, as it instead centers on the childhood and teenage life of  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Yugi Muto 's meeting of  Shadi .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Differences in adaptations 
 3   Errors 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Quotes 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yugi and his friends are running through the castle in order to find Pegasus, so that he will release all the souls that he captured like he promised.  Téa  stops for a brief moment because she notices a nearby tower. She notes to her friends that she recognizes that tower as the one she thought that  Tristan  and  Bakura  went up into before in a dream. She then realizes that was Pegasus's sanctuary and what she remembered was real. Tristan agrees too as the memory is coming back to him.
 Pegasus is in his private tower and is depressed that he lost against Yugi and the  spirit  of the  Millennium Puzzle . Regardless, he is a man of his word, so he releases the souls of  Solomon Muto  and the Kaiba brothers. Because of this,  Mokuba ,  Kaiba  and Solomon wake up and regain their senses. Just then,  Yami Bakura  arrives and gives Pegasus an impromptu tarot reading before challenging him to a  Shadow Game  using their  Millennium Items . Bakura easily defeats Pegasus, who's still exhausted from his  Shadow Game  with Yugi, and takes his  Millennium Eye . Yugi and the gang arrive to see Pegasus being carried away by his guards. They enter the tower and find Pegasus's diary.  Téa Gardner  reads from it, and it explains that as a teenager, he met a girl named  Cecelia . They were true lovers, but just as they were about to be married, Cecelia got sick and died. Pegasus traveled all over the world trying to get her back. He wound up in Egypt, where he met  Shadi , who gave him the Millennium Eye.
 Pegasus gets the idea that using the holographic technology of  KaibaCorp  along with the power of the Millennium Items could bring Cecelia back to life, and this was his reason for hosting the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. Yugi notices that there are three  Soul Prison  cards that are blank. That means Pegasus did release the souls of his prisoners like he had promised. As the group leaves, Shadi confronts Yugi and uses his  Millennium Key  to enter Yugi's mind. To his surprise, he finds two chambers, one for Yugi, and the other for  Yami Yugi . The latter is a giant maze filled with trap doors. Shadi enters through several of them before Yugi saves him.
 In one of the chambers, Shadi and Yugi encounter the " Dark Magician " who is about to attack them as he thinks they are intruders. Shadi plans to use the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " tablet below them to destroy it, but Yugi talks him out and manages to convince the "Dark Magician" to let him go. Shadi is shocked that Yugi was able to convince the "Dark Magician" that easily. Shadi leaves Yugi's mind, believing he is the one that will save the world from chaos. Before he leaves, Shadi warns Yugi to take great care as the thief that stole the  Millennium Eye  will go after Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle  soon.
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub, there is a zoomed shot of  Cecelia 's portrait. In the original, it is  Shadi 's portrait seen close-up, and Shadi's eyes briefly glow. 
 Cecelia's image on the card is changed in the dub. 
 Cut from the dub is a shot of Pegasus at Cyndia/Cecelia's funeral, standing over her in her casket and the casket lid closing over her. It's replaced by a shot of a cemetery and a headstone with "Cecelia Pegasus" engraved on it. Even with this scene replacement, this is a rare instance of a death shown or mentioned in the dub. 
 Cut from the dub is Shadi shoving the  Millennium Eye  into Pegasus's eye socket.
 This scene's dialect was changed. In the original, Shadi told Pegasus if he failed the test, death awaits him. In the dub, if he failed then nightmares beyond his imagination awaited him. When Pegasus passed the test, Shadi told him he did not become insane and was the chosen one for the Millennium Eye. 
 When Pegasus saw Cecelia in a vision, there was blood dripping down his eye; the blood is erased in the dub. 
 Errors 
 In the dub, during Bakura's tarot reading for Pegasus, the "Happy Lover" card can be seen as right side-up after Bakura reveals the "Mask of Darkness" card, when it should be upside-down. 
 Before Yugi attempts to head downstairs from Pegasus' private tower, the empty Soul Prison cards are facing upside-down to Yugi when throughout the entire episode they were facing right side-up. 
 Trivia 
 This marks the third episode to not feature Dueling. 
 In the manga, Pegasus is dead after this point after Dark Bakura stole the  Millennium Eye . However, in the anime, he is rendered comatose. 
 Quotes 
 Yami:  It’s all right. You may enter my chamber if that is what you desire. However, I warn you, tread cautiously — I will allow no harm to come to the boy whose vessel I share. Your presence here  intrigues  me.
 
 
 Yami:  I don’t know how you entered my mind. Explain yourself before you trespass further. I demand an explanation for your intrusion. 
 Shadi:  I seek a criminal who has stolen the power of a Millennium Item. It has been five long millennia since those ancient items were created. Their magical energies were trapped in them by a brave Pharaoh; combined, these seven Millennium Items possess power enough to conquer the world — hence, many evil men have ventured to gather these items for themselves. 
 Yami:  Hmm. 
 Shadi:  It is my heritage to guard the Millennium Items, and my charge to punish the thief who stole Pegasus’s Millennium Eye. 
 Yami:   And you accuse  me  of being that criminal? 
 Shadi:  You have already taken refuge in the vessel of another. That does not bode well. But if you’re not the criminal, then you have nothing to fear from my search. 
 Yami:  Guilty until proven innocent — an ancient concept for this modern age. However, I have nothing to hide. I’m not your criminal. 
 Shadi:  Then grant me passage to your unconscious mind. 
 Yami:  Fine — I’ll open the doors for you.  (snaps his fingers, and lights flash, showing a labyrinth of sorts)  You may search them to your heart’s content.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus Other   *  Soul Prison  x3 
 
 Pegasus' diary Other   *  Cecelia Pegasus 
 
 Yami Bakura Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Doma The Angel of Silence [Notes 1] 
 Happy Lover [Notes 1] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mask of Darkness [Notes 1] 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card was used as part of Yami Bakura's tarot reading on  Pegasus . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Heart of the Cards " #002 " The Gauntlet is Thrown " #003 " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " #004 " Into the Hornet's Nest " #005 " The Ultimate Great Moth " #006 " First Duel " #007 " Attack from the Deep " #008 " Everything's Relative " #009 " Duel With a Ghoul " #010 " Give up the Ghost " #011 " The Dueling Monkey " #012 " Trial by Red Eyes " #013 " Evil Spirit of the Ring " #014 " The Light at the End of the Tunnel " #015 " Winning Through Intimidation " #016 " The Scars of Defeat " #017 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 1 " #018 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 2 " #019 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 1 " #020 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 2 " #021 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 3 " #022 " Face Off, Part 1 " #023 " Face Off, Part 2 " #024 " Face Off, Part 3 " #025 " Shining Friendship " #026 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 1 " #027 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 2 " #028 " The Night Before " #029 " Duel Identity, Part 1 " #030 " Duel Identity, Part 2 " #031 " Keith's Machinations, Part 1 " #032 " Keith's Machinations, Part 2 " #033 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 1 " #034 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 2 " #035 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 1 " #036 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 2 " #037 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 3 " #038 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 4 " #039 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " #040 " Aftermath " #041 " The Wrath of Rebecca " #042 " The Ties of Friendship " #043 " Legendary Heroes, Part 1 " #044 " Legendary Heroes, Part 2 " #045 " Legendary Heroes, Part 3 " #046 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " #047 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " #048 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 " #049 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Yugioh040.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140106220547']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes