Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_God_of_the_Obelisk_(character)


 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 
 
 
 English name 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Obelisk the Giant God Soldier 
 
 
 Other names  
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 オベリスクの 巨 神 兵 オベリスクの巨神兵 オベリスクのきょしんへい Rōmaji: ( Oberisuku no Kyoshinhei ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 The God of the Obelisk , known as  Obelisk the Giant God Soldier  (オベリスクの 巨 神 兵   Oberisuku no Kyoshinhei ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . He is one of most powerful monster spirits, the  three hidden gods . His corresponding  Duel Monsters  card is " The God of the Obelisk ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Project R.A. 
 2.4   Memory World 
 2.5   Ceremonial Battle 
 2.6   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Obelisk is a massive muscular blue-skinned humanoid. Obelisk has simple, triangular wings that are about the same height as Obelisk itself. Obelisk's large shoulder pauldrons have two large spikes protruding vertically, its forearm armor has spikes protruding at the elbows, and its groin and knees are armored with diamond-shaped plates, while a shield-shaped plate covers the posterior. Obelisk's feet are anisodactyl, with three toes in front and a single one behind; its hands are more human, with spiked, sheath-like claws covering its fingertips and small diamond-shaped plates covering the knuckles.
 Obelisk's head is covered in spikes; twin spikes jut from its cheeks, long spikes sideways from the back of the head, two from the temples, a short spike on the chin, and a tri-spiked crest on the top of its head. Obelisk's mouth is lipless, with pointed white teeth. Obelisk has red eyes, and the sapphire common to the Egptian Gods in its forehead.
 Obelisk's form differs in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  and as " Obelisk The Progenitor "; its spikes are shorter and more angular in comparison to the curved spikes seen in the present. The largest difference is its crest; the outer spikes extend further both upwards and downwards, and the crest and chest have darker blue markings on them. This form is also seen in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , but with a navy blue base color and lighter blue markings.
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
       Atem  Summons Obelisk.     
 Obelisk is one of the three  Egyptian Gods , along with  Slifer the Sky Dragon  and  The Sun Dragon Ra . These monsters were only capable of being summoned by the pharaoh.
 When  Bakura, King of Thieves  invaded the Pharaoh's palace after plundering  Akhenamkhanen 's tomb, he engaged in a ka battle with the priests. During the battle, Akhenamkhanen's son,  Atem , heard his father's spirit uttering "justice lies in the name of the gods". [1]  With that, Atem managed to summon Obelisk to fight  Diabound , forcing Bakura to retreat. [2] 
 
 
 Battle City 
       Ishizu 's failed prediction of Obelisk's destruction.     
 3000 years later,  Maximillion J. Pegasus  created cards depicting the three Egyptian Gods, for his game  Duel Monsters . However the souls of the Gods came to dwell in the cards, making them powerful weapons. On realizing this, Pegasus regarded their creation as one of his greatest mistakes. He tried to destroy the God Cards, but could not bring himself to do it, so he had the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities bury the cards in different locations in the  Valley of the Kings . The  Ghouls  stole the " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " The Sun Dragon Ra " cards. However the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities was able to prevent them finding the " The God of the Obelisk " card.  Ishizu Ishtar , from the council, later gave it to  Seto Kaiba , so that he would host the  Battle City  tournament to retrieve the other two. [3] 
 Kaiba used "The God of the Obelisk" in many of his Duels in the Battle City preliminaries. In his quarter final Duel against Ishizu Ishtar, Ishizu had used the  Millennium Necklace  to see in the future. She played the Duel in accordance to her foresight, which would result in her destroying "The God of the Obelisk" and winning. However after seeing a vision of  Priest Seto  and  Kisara , Kaiba felt compelled to Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and did so by Sacrificing "Obelisk", allowing him to win the Duel instead.
 When Kaiba was defeated by Dark Yugi, he gave him the card "The God of the Obelisk", which Dark Yugi needed to obtain his memories.
 
 
 Project R.A. 
 "Obelisk" was used in Dark Yugi's Duel against  Yako Tenma , being Summoned with " Monster Reborn " after being discarded to  Special Summon  " The Tricky ". Dark Yugi used its effect to increase its ATK to infinity in an attempt to defeat " The Wicked Avatar ", which had taken "Obelisk's" form. Dark Yugi then used " Divine Evolution " to increase its  Hierachy  to the same level as "Avatar", causing "Obelisk" to ascend to its " Obelisk The Progenitor " form, allowing both God monsters to destroy one another.
 
 Memory World 
       Atem summons Obelisk,  Slifer  and  Ra  before fusing them into  Horakhty .     
 When Dark Yugi entered the  Memory World , he relived some of his life as Pharaoh Atem, and fought the battle against Thief Bakura, in which he summoned Obelisk, again. [1] [2] 
 Upon relearning his name, Atem was able to summon the three Gods from the cards in  Yugi Mutou 's Deck. He then combined them into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [4] 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 Atem used Obelisk against Yugi Mutou during the  Ceremonial Battle . Yugi defeated Obelisk, then defeated Dark Yugi.
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 When the Pharaoh’s soul departed for the afterlife, the Egyptian God Cards were thought to have gone with him. Seto Kaiba, desperate to settle their rivalry, embarked on several attempts to bring him back, including advancing the  Solid Vision  technology to craft a new Duel Disk model capable of interfacing with his brain and projecting virtual simulations of whatever he imagines, such as a  Virtual Dark Yugi  and recreations of all the cards he’s collected.
 
At the  Millennium Puzzle excavation , Kaiba was confronted by  Diva  and matched the power of the  Prana  with his own collective consciousness network from his Duel Disk. In their Duel, Kaiba tapped into the residual consciousness of the Pharaoh lingering in their location and summoned Obelisk from the ground, despite the original card no longer being in his possession. Kaiba used Obelisk’s immunity to Diva’s  Cubic Mandala  effect and activated his own effect to deal heavy damage to Diva’s Life Points. The Duel ended shortly afterwards with no conclusion, as the security around the Millennium Puzzle pieces deactivated and Mokuba absconded with them. What became of Obelisk and Seto’s ability to summon him following this Duel is unknown. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 10: " In the Name of the Gods " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 11: " The Supreme Blow! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 88: " The Lost Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 219: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Obelisk_the_Tormentor_-_manga_character.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141123174039', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Obelisk_Summoned_VS_Diabound.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160427214931', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Ishizu_predicts_Kaiba%27s_defeat.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160626190931', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Obelisk%2C_Slifer_and_Ra_Summoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170813182718']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters