Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Kit_Blade.png

For other version of this character, see  Kit Blade (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 
 Other   
 Yaiba Toudou [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 刀 堂   刃 刀堂 刃 とうどう やいば Rōmaji: ( Tōdō Yaiba ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 허도치 KRR: Heo Dochi Translated:  Heo Dochi 
 
 
 French   
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Did not place [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 X-Saber [2] 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Robby Duncan Sharpe 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 
 
 Kit Blade , known as  Yaiba Todo  ( 刀 堂   刃   Tōdō Yaiba ) in Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is the representative of  Leo Institute of Dueling   Synchro Summon  course and one of  Gong 's mentors.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Kit.     
 Kit is a slightly below-average height teen with long spiky brown hair and amber eyes. His canines appear to be longer than normal and often stick out of his mouth. Kit wears a dark blue long-sleeved shirt and pants under a tan jacket with an orange interior (with his LID badge pinned on the collar) and the sleeves torn off, brown socks, and burnt-orange and grey shoes. He carries a Shinai, typically used for training in  Kendo , that he uses to find  Action Cards  in Action Duels; by swinging it hard enough to create gusts of wind that dislodge the cards; though his reaction to an apparent impending physical assault is to ready it, suggesting that he might also use it to protect himself.
 
 Personality 
 Kit appears to be less arrogant and more confident in his skills than his friends, claiming (and arguably justifiably) that he was the strongest of his fellow Course-representatives. That being said, he's willing to acknowledge when he's in trouble or when he's actually impressed by his opponent. He also seems to hold some pride as a teacher, believing that the Synchro Summoning he taught to Gong might prevent Yuya from getting into the Junior Arc League Championship when they Dueled, and getting furious when Gong didn't defeat  Grizzlepike  effectively. 
 He demonstrates camaraderie with Julia and Dipper, though he was less supportive of her efforts to find Professor Marco; when she directly asked him to help, he did so, even breaking off his training of Gong.
 Kit does have a slight mean streak, however, dismissing Julia and Dipper as weaklings, and after  Yuya Sakaki  asked  Declan  if he knew his father Yusho, Kit made some derisive comments about him. In the English dub, Kit nicknames  Gong  "Big Brows", much to the latter's irritation.
 
 Etymology 
 The first character which composed "Todo" means "sword". Also, "Yaiba" means "blade" or "edge (of a knife)" (something that is directly mentioned in the series proper when choosing an Action Field for Kit to Duel Gong.)
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Kit, along with fellow LID course representatives  Dipper O'rion  and  Julia Krystal , were tasked by  Henrietta  with defeating members of  You Show Duel School  in retaliation of the attack on  Sylvio . After Dipper's loss and Julia's win, Kit was to Duel  Sora Perse , but Sora pulled out and had  Gong  take his place. Before the Duel, Kit commented to the group that unlike his predecessors, he was actually skilled. Gong only Summoned his 1000  ATK  " Superheavy Samurai Kabuto  for his first turn, a move that Kit deemed a waste of a turn. Gong retorted that true men made no wasted moves, and was seemingly proved right when Kit's  Special Summoning  of " XX-Saber Fulhelmknight " via " XX-Saber Boggart Knight " prevented them from destroying "Kabuto," as this triggered its defensive effect. But Kit proceeded to  Synchro Summon  twice, bringing out " X-Saber Souza " and " XX-Saber Gottoms ." [3]  He destroyed "Kabuto" and reduced Gong to 1500  Life Points , but was completely shocked by Gong's  ace monster , " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ," which was Summoned in  Defense Position , and could attack with its 3500  DEF . It destroyed "Gottoms" with ease, but Kit was not only able to bring out another next turn, but use  Action Cards  to power it and "Souza" up enough to overpower "Big Benkei" and inflict  Piercing Damage  with " Meteorain ," though "Big Benkei" survived thanks to the effect of Gong's " Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit ." Noting the activation of the effect from Gong's hand, Kit used the effect of "Gottoms" to clear out Gong's hand, but that didn't stop Gong from drawing a monster that powered up "Big Benkei" to equal stats with "Gottoms" and destroying "Souza." Kit revived Souza and brought out his third "Gottoms," then used "Souza's" effect in an attempt to remove "Big Benkei" from the field. Gong was able to fend off the attack at the cost of his monster's DEF - which had been his plan all along, as this allowed him to use " Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor " to inflict enough damage to be victorious. It was at this point that Kit learned that Gong's Deck contained only monsters, and that his effects required him to have no  Spell  or  Trap Cards  in his  Graveyard . Though impressed, Kit bounced the damage back at Gong, forcing Gong to use " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon " to end the Duel in a draw. [2] 
 During the subsequent Duel between  Yuya Sakaki  and  Declan Akaba , Kit brought up the uncomfortable subject of Yuya's father when it was mentioned, prompting swift rebuke from Declan. [4]  He was present when the group were alerted of the disappearance of  Professor Marco , and he later went with Julia and Dipper to the site of the incident. One of LID's top team aces,  Herc  explained that they were looking into the attack, pacifying Kit and Dipper, and causing them to admit their admiration for the top-team. Julia wasn't convinced, and she went by herself to the scene of the first incident. [5] 
 Later, after the attack on a trio of LID aces, Julia went out to the scene of that incident. Though they didn't appear as worried as she was, Kit and Dipper were apprehensive about the incidents, and noted that they could be next. Gong then showed up, apparently angry and intimidating Kit, who thought Gong wanted a rematch. Instead, Gong humbly fell on his knees and requested that Kit teach him Synchro Summoning, much to Kit's utter shock. Kit and Dipper were later contacted by Julia, who had found  Dark Duelist  who had attacked Sylvio and  the man  who had attacked everyone else. Kit contacted LID and Dipper and ran into Yuya Sakaki on the way. They explained to Yuya that they'd found the culprit of the assault incidents, and Yuya joined them, but when they got to the harbor, the culprits were gone. As they parted ways, Kit, likely having heard so from Gong, wished Yuya luck in getting into the Maiami Championship, though he added that it might be impossible for him. [6] 
 Kit took the time to train Gong on a shore platform, but he was interrupted halfway through by Julia, who had found  Shay , the Duelist that had attacked Professor Marco. Kit joined her and Dipper, suggesting that if they won, their opportunities would widen, and suggesting that they play by  Battle Royale  rules. After Dipper returned Shay's three " Raidraptor - Vanishing Laniuses " to his hand, Kit used " XX-Saber Hyunlei " to destroy his Spell and Trap Cards, and "Gottoms" to wipe out his hand, leaving him apparently defenseless for Julia to take down. But Shay used " Raidraptor - Readiness " to survive the game-ending damage, and after claiming that the three students' Dueling lacked determination and strength, he brought out the 100 ATK " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ," and though Kit initially mocked it, "Rise Falcon's" effect allowed it to attack all of their monsters and gain their combined ATK, and it wiped Kit and his friends out in one swoop. [7]  Kit wasn't sealed into a card like most of Shay's other victims, as the arrival of Declan and his subsequent truce with Shay prevented it, and his memory was wiped and altered to remove his memories of Shay and make him believe that Shay had always been a part of their group. [8] [9] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 He watched Julia's Duel with Zuzu, and was concerned when she was pushed into a corner and after the attack that caused her to lose caused her to fall, but relieved when Zuzu's monster saved her. [10] 
 On the second day of the tournament, Kit watched his "disciple," Gong's, first match against  Grizzlepike Jones . He wasn't pleased when Gong's strategy to Synchro Summon was countered, as it made him look bad, and confused as to why Gong appeared to be panicking. Gong was eventually able to Synchro Summon and win, much to Kit's relief. [11] 
 Shortly before his first match of the Arc League Championship, Yuya requested Kit to see Shay, but Kit explained that he rarely talked to them, but let Yuya to watch his match and promised not to disappoint. During the Duel his opponent,  Iggy Arlo , continuously attacked him physically to prevent him from getting Action Cards and defeated him with an OTK, leaving Kit injured. [1] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 When the Arc League Championship was cancelled to reveal the existence of the  Fusion Dimension   invaders , as well as the  Lancers  selection, Kit and Julia concluded that Dipper was one of their victims and considered becoming Lancers themselves. [12] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Kit had lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . He was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Dipper  and  Julia . [13]  He was later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Dipper and Julia [14]  and applauded when Yuya won. He then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [15]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [16] 
 
 Deck 
 Kit uses an  " X-Saber " Deck [2]  focused on  Synchro Summoning  " XX-Saber Gottoms " and  swarming  the  field  with Synchro Monsters, then using the effect of "Gottoms" to clear his opponent's hand.
 
 
 X-Saber Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 XX-Saber Boggart Knight  x2 
 XX-Saber Faultroll 
 XX-Saber Ragigura 
 Tuner monsters 
 X-Saber Palomuro 
 XX-Saber Fulhelmknight Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 X-Saber Souza 
 X-Saber Wayne 
 XX-Saber Gottoms  x3 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gottoms' Second Call 
 Saber Reflection 
 Traps 
 Gottoms' Emergency Call 
 Meteorain 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 10 - 11 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 23 - 24 
 No result
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 24 
 Lose (with  Dipper O'rion  and  Julia Krystal )
 
 
 Iggy Arlo 
 38 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 29: " Fusion Foes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 30: " Gong the Strong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo)  pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Kit_Blade.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140615134103', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/FullKitBlade.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140601094401']
Categories: Characters, Kit Blade pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters