Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Actor_-_Evil_Heel


 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 49 ,  Sylvio Sawatari  plays this card in his duel against three  Obelisk Force  members with  Celina ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Moon Shadow . He draws this card on the turn he joins the duel, then places it along with " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " in his  Pendulum Zones . Using this, he  Pendulum Summons  " Abyss Actor - Superstar ", this card remains on the field until the end of the duel.  Gong Strong  later joins the duel; on his turn, he tributes his two " Superheavy Samurai Thief " to remove this card and "Funky Comedian" from Sylvio's Pendulum Zones and add them to his hand. Gong then tributes " Superheavy Samurai Transporter " to add this card and "Funky Comedian" to Shay's hand. On Shay's turn, he sets the Pendulum Scales with this card and "Funky Comedian". 
 In  episode 62 , during the "Great Entertainment Duel" between Sylvio,  Yuya Sakaki  and  Chojiro Tokumatsu , Sylvio sets the  Pendulum Scales  on the first turn using this card and "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian", using them to Pendulum Summon "Abyss Actor - Superstar". 
 In  episode 101 , Sylvio plays this card during his duel against  Kite Tenjo . On the fourth turn, he sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian". 
 In  episode 139 , Sylvio plays this card during the  Lancers' duel against   Z-ARC . On the turn he joins the duel, Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian". 
 In  episode 141 , this card appears in a flashback to events in episode 49. 
 In the anime, this card was never summoned as a monster, nor were its effects ever activated. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 In  chapter 9 ,  Shingo Sawatari  uses this card during his third duel against  Yuya Sakaki . He Tributes " Abyss Actor - Leading Lady " and " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " to  Tribute Summon  this card. It then attacks and destroys Yuya's " Dragonpit Magician ". On Yuya's next turn, his " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", at 3200 ATK, attacks and destroys this card, activating its effect to inflict enough damage to Shingo to win the duel for Yuya.  
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances