Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Yugi_and_friends_discuss_their_futures.png


 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 
 Other   
 Joey Katsuya Jyounouchi [1] Joey Wheeler Tomoya Jonouchi (original Shonen Jump Japanese print 城之内 友也 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Joey 
 
 
 Japanese   
 城之内 克也 城之内克也 じょうのうちかつや Rōmaji: ( Jōnouchi Katsuya ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 January 25 [2] [3] 
 
 
 Age 
 16 ( Duel 42 ) 
 
 
 Height 
 178 cm [2] [3] 
 
 
 Weight 
 62 kg [2] [3] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 B [2] [3] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 curry and rice [2] [3] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Shizuka Kawai  (sister) Mr. Jonouchi  (father) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Duels 
 List of Duels 
 
 
 Other games 
 List of games 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Duelist Kingdom   Top 2       Battle City   Top 4   
 
 
 Deck 
 Warrior / Beast-Warrior 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  ( 城之内 克也   Jōnouchi Katsuya ), known as  Joey Wheeler  in the English version of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of Katsuya Jonouchi, known as  Joey Wheeler  in most English media, as created by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 Jonouchi is the best friend of  Yugi Mutou  and  Hiroto Honda . He suffered a poor upbringing with his parents divorcing and him living with  his alcoholic father , while his sister  Shizuka  lived with  their mother . Jonouchi used to be a thug and even hung out with  Hirutani's gang  for a while. After becoming friends with Yugi he became more righteous and would do anything to protect his friends or innocent people being taken advantage of.
 Jonouchi starts out as a weak player after taking-up  Duel Monsters , but becomes more powerful as he learns from Yugi and  Dark Yugi  and fights to protect people he loves.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Early life 
 1.2   School arc 
 
 1.2.1   Ushio 
 1.2.2   ZTV 
 1.2.3   Prisoner 777 
 1.2.4   Kokurano 
 1.2.5   Goro 
 1.2.6   Ms. Chono 
 1.2.7   Junky Scorpion owner 
 1.2.8   Kaiba 
 1.2.9   Hirutani's gang 
 1.2.10   Shadi 
 1.2.11   Digital Pets 
 1.2.12   Hanasaki 
 1.2.13   Street Fighter 
 
 
 1.3   Death-T 
 
 1.3.1   Prior events 
 1.3.2   Death T-1 
 1.3.3   Death T-2 
 1.3.4   Death T-3 
 1.3.5   Death T-4 
 1.3.6   Death T-5 
 
 
 1.4   Post Death-T 
 
 1.4.1   Tsuruoka 
 1.4.2   The Get the Million Game 
 1.4.3   Monster Fighter 
 1.4.4   Dragon Cards 
 1.4.5   Hirutani's gang 
 
 
 1.5   Monster World 
 1.6   Duelist Kingdom 
 
 1.6.1   Prior events 
 1.6.2   Dark Yugi and Haga 
 1.6.3   Mai 
 1.6.4   Dark Yugi and Kajiki 
 1.6.5   Dark Yugi and Mokuba 
 1.6.6   Dark Yugi and the ventriloquist 
 1.6.7   Ryuzaki 
 1.6.8   Campout 
 1.6.9   Kaiba 
 1.6.10   Kozuka 
 1.6.11   Meikyû Brothers 
 1.6.12   Dark Yugi and Kaiba 
 1.6.13   Prior to the finals 
 1.6.14   Dark Yugi and Mai 
 1.6.15   Keith 
 1.6.16   Dark Yugi and Pegasus 
 1.6.17   Aftermath 
 
 
 1.7   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 1.8   Battle City 
 
 1.8.1   Prior events 
 1.8.2   Exodia Rare Hunter 
 1.8.3   Roba 
 1.8.4   Haga 
 1.8.5   Kajiki 
 1.8.6   Possessed by Marik 
 1.8.7   Prior to the finals 
 1.8.8   Dark Yugi and Dark Bakura 
 1.8.9   Rishid 
 1.8.10   Mai and Dark Marik 
 1.8.11   Kaiba and Ishizu 
 1.8.12   Battle Royal 
 1.8.13   Dark Marik 
 1.8.14   Dark Yugi and Kaiba 
 1.8.15   Dark Yugi and Dark Marik 
 1.8.16   Aftermath 
 
 
 1.9   Pharaoh's Memory 
 1.10   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 1.11   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 2   Gaming items 
 
 2.1   Deck 
 
 2.1.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.1.2   Battle City 
 2.1.3   Brainwashed 
 2.1.4   Project R.A. 
 
 
 2.2   Other 
 
 
 3   Games 
 
 3.1   Duels 
 3.2   Other 
 
 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Early life 
       Young  Shizuka  and Jonouchi     
 Jonouchi used to live with his sister,  Shizuka  and would walk all around town with her. [4]  They were separated when Jonouchi was 10, at the time of their parents divorce. Shizuka was brought by their mother while Jonouchi lived with  their father . [5] 
 Jonouchi became a street thug and hung out in  Hirutani's gang  for periods of time while he was in middle school. He often got into fights and developed great fighting skills. He also hung out with  Hiroto Honda . [6] 
 Jonouchi lived in poverty, due to his father's gambling addictions and alcoholism. Jonouchi went to great lengths to repay his father's debts, such as working at multiple jobs. He was the "lone paperboy" in middle school, [7]  meaning that he was one of the few students that were permitted to work while going to school.
 
 
 School arc 
 Ushio 
       Jonouchi at the start of the manga     
 Jonouchi along with Honda used to bully  Yugi  at school. Jonouchi was annoyed at how Yugi would let himself get pushed around and claimed his bullying was teaching Yugi how to be a man and even offered Yugi to punch him back, although Yugi hates violence. After he and Honda swiped the box containing the pieces of the  Millennium Puzzle , Jonouchi was told off by  Anzu  and left the room, but managed to secretly take a piece of the puzzle beforehand. [8] 
 In the hallway, Jonouchi said he was sickened by how Yugi was obsessing over a puzzle and how Anzu had called them bullies. They then bumped into  Ushio , who asked what they were saying about bullying. Jonouchi tried telling Ushio to stay out of it, but was restrained by Honda and insisted it was nothing. After explained how influential and powerful Ushio was, Jonouchi vowed to get back at Ushio. He then showed Honda the piece of the puzzle he had taken and threw it into the school pool. [8] 
 
       Ushio  beat-up Jonouchi and  Honda  for  Yugi .     
 The next day, Ushio beat-up Honda and Jonouchi under the suspicion that they were bullying Yugi. Yugi tried to stop Ushio, saying they were teaching him how to be a man, not bullying him. That resulted in Yugi also being beaten-up. Jonouchi was inspired by how Yugi had tried to help him and came to care for Yugi. Later that day, he retrieved the piece of the puzzle from the pool and gave it to  Yugi's grandfather , to give to Yugi. The next day at  school , Jonouchi answered Yugi's riddle, " something you can show, but can't see ", saying that it's friendship and he is Yugi's friend. [8] 
 
 
 ZTV 
 When Jonouchi saw a  ZTV  van outside  their school , he began to spread rumors about there being a star at their school. He suspected that they were disguised as a student and planned on unmasking them to make a fortune. However Yugi was skeptical of there being a star, so Jonouchi left him to find that star by himself. Later he spotted Yugi being beaten by  Fujita . He quickly broke up the fight and found out that it was a staged bullying scene for a documentary,  Caught on Camera: School Violence . When he confronted the director, the director reminded him that he was being filmed, so Jonouchi was reluctant to attack. However the director attacked Jonouchi when he told the cameramen to stop filming. [9] 
 Later having looked into it, Jonouchi admitted that there was no star at the school, which Yugi was surprised he hadn't given up on until now. Jonouchi instead vowed to become the star of the school himself. He noticed something was bothering Yugi, who hadn't told him he was being forced to sell tickets to  Sozoji 's concert. Yugi insisted that he was fine. Jonouchi and Honda then proceeded to lift up Anzu's skirt using a t-square, earning him a punch in the face. [10] 
 
 Prisoner 777 
         Jonouchi discovers  Anzu  is working in  Burger World .     
 Jonouchi noticed how Anzu was acting odd, after avoiding walking home with them a few days and discouraging them from going to from  Burger World . He initially assumed that she was dating older men for pay. He and Yugi secretly following her home after school to find out what she was really doing. They were surprised to see her enter Burger World and greet them at the door, in a waitress uniform. Anzu was intimidated, as after school jobs were against the school rules, and worried that Jonouchi, being a loud mouth would tell everyone. Anzu told the boys that she was saving money to go to New York to study dancing and Jonouchi promised not to tell anyone. Anzu got held hostage by an  escaped prisoner . Jonouchi was unable to assist as the customers had to lie on the floor and couldn't see that  Dark Yugi  was rescuing her, as he was positioned by behind an obese man. [11] 
 
 Kokurano 
 Jonouchi told Yugi that he was down on his luck, claiming to have gotten hit once in a fight against four punks. He attended a service hosted by the alleged psychic  Kokurano  in the hopes of curing his bad luck. Seeing that it was mostly girls at the service, he pretended Anzu dragged him there, when he was the one who insisted on her and Yugi coming. Kokurano simply told Jonouchi that he was having bad luck and didn't offer him any advice. [12] 
 
 Goro 
 When coming up with ideas for their classes fundraiser in the  school festival , Jonouchi suggested that they put on a cabaret, staring the girls from their class, which was immediately rejected. The class decided on a  Carnival Games  booth. Jonouchi worked on making the barrel for the life size version of  Bluebeard's Attack  and planned on teasing whoever was to play the role of Bluebeard. However since Jonouchi was the right size for the barrel and Yugi had specifically made the head to fit Jonouchi, Anzu gave Jonouchi the role. When  Goro Inogashira  attempted to steal the class' spot, Jonouchi tried to fight him, but got stuck in the barrel and was easily knocked back by Goro. On the day of the festival, Jonouchi played Bluebeard and Anzu thought he had fun. [13] 
 
 Ms. Chono 
         Jonouchi asks Yugi to help Honda deal with his crush.     
 Honda fell for their fellow classmate,  Miho Nosaka  and despite Honda's objections, Jonouchi enlisted Yugi to help them find a gift for Miho. Yugi took them to his  family's game shop  where they get a  love jigsaw puzzle . Together they hid the gift in Miho's desk. However Miho didn't find it until  Ms. Chono  performed a desk check. Chono started to assemble the puzzle and read its message out to the class. She intended to punish the sender, but Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda all claimed responsibility. Dark Yugi turned the jigsaw into a Shadow Game,  Dark Puzzle , so that Ms. Chono felt the pain she inflicted on others by working on the puzzle. This caused her ugly make up free face to be exposed, causing her to flee the classroom, without punishing Honda and his friends. Afterwards Honda asked Miho out directly, but she declined. Jonouchi then offered to buy him a hamburger to cheer him up. [14] 
 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
         Jonouchi steps into the  Air Muscle  thinking there is  a scorpion  inside.     
 Having had his eyes on a pair of  Air Muscle  shoes for a long time, Jonouchi took Honda and Yugi to the  Junky Scorpion  shop, to buy a pair.  The owner  refused to sell Jonouchi the shoes unless he puts his foot inside one of the shoes, while there was a scorpion inside. Jonouchi did it and found out that there really was no scorpion inside; it had just been a test and the owner sold him the shoes for half price. Shortly after leaving the shop, Jonouchi, Yugi and Honda were ambushed by a  group of thugs , who stole the shoes. The three boys tracked down the thugs afterwards. Jonouchi and Honda beat them up and learned that the store owner paid them to get back the shoes. By the time Jonouchi and Honda returned to the shop, Yugi already had gotten the shoes back and the owner was being rushed to the hospital for scorpion stings. Unaware that he changed to Dark Yugi and defeated the owner in  coin in sneaker , Yugi returned the shoes to Jonouchi, with a hole in one, which Jonouchi considered a battle scar. [15] 
 
 Kaiba 
 Jonouchi took up  Duel Monsters , having been introduced by  Sugoroku  and Yugi at their shop, where Sugoroku showed them his rare card, the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". Jonouchi made plans to play  Duel Monsters  at school the next day with Yugi, just before  Seto Kaiba  arrived. Learning that Kaiba plays  Duel Monsters , Jonouchi invited him to join them, but Kaiba ridiculed his cards and told him to come back after collecting at least 10,000. The next day at school Jonouchi was defeated by Yugi and asked him for a rematch, unintentionally distracting Yugi from approaching Kaiba, who just stole the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card. [16] 
 
 
 Hirutani's gang 
         Jonouchi back in  Hirutani's gang .     
 Hirutani  blackmailed Jonouchi into rejoining  his gang  by threatening to beat-up Jonouchi's classmates if he didn't. This caused Jonouchi to be away from home for two days without leave and consequently missed a day of school. Honda became suspicious when he noticed Jonouchi was absent, as he couldn't recall Jonouchi ever missing school beforehand. Jonouchi and the gang were spotted mugging someone outside the  American Club , prompting Yugi to rush over and plea with Jonouchi to leave the gang. Jonouchi denied knowing Yugi and didn't react when  one of the gangsters  punched Yugi. Later at  J'z , Jonouchi attacked the gangster for hitting Yugi earlier. Hirutani then orders the rest of the gang to seize Jonouchi and take him to the  torture chamber . At the chamber, Jonouchi had his hands tied above his head and was beaten by the gang. They electrocuted him with stun guns to the point where he couldn't speak. Hirutani orders the gang to continue to shock him, despite concerns that it could kill him. Dark Yugi arrived, stopped the gang and defeated them in  Landmine Search Network , saving Jonouchi. [6] [17] 
 
 Shadi 
 Yugi invited Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda to the  Egypt Unearthed  exhibition at the  Domino City Museum . Jonouchi was worried about getting cursed, since they found a mummy. He also became worried that Yugi might be cursed when Anzu asked didn't Yugi's grandfather say that the archaeologists who uncovered the Millennium Puzzle died mysterious deaths. On the day of the exhibition Jonouchi told Yugi off for wearing his school uniform on the weekend and was shown around by  Professor Yoshimori . [18] 
 
         Jonouchi helping support Anzu during the  Trial of the Mind .     
 When news broke of  Curator Kanekura 's  death , Jonouchi, Anzu, Yugi and Sugoroku visited  Professor Yoshimori  at  the university  to comfort him. However  Shadi , seeking to test Yugi, had possessed Yoshimori by  redecorating  his  soul room . Yoshimori acted strange and began choking Jonouchi, while Jonouchi's friends tried pulling him off. [19]  Anzu freed Jonouchi by walloping Yoshimori in the head with a globe. [20] 
 Jonouchi distracted the zombie Yoshimori from the others, by having him chase him around the building. Among Jonouchi's efforts to snap the professor back to normal, he punched him the face, knocking out more of his teeth [20]  and sprayed him with a fire extinguisher. Eventually, Yoshimori pushed him out a third floor window. Jonouchi managed to get onto a ledge and spotted Anzu, who was being used in the  Trial of the Mind  Shadow Game, standing motionless on a board hanging over the edge up above him. [21]  He climbed up to rescue her, but was followed by the professor. Still hassled by the professor, Jonouchi held onto Anzu's board as its supporting rope began to break. [22]  Seeing Yugi's friends work together and trusting each other, caused Shadi's  ushebti  to break, letting his  Millennium Key , slide down a rope to Anzu, returning her to normal. [23] 
 
         The illusion of Jonouchi, created by  Shadi .     
 Jonouchi and  Dark Yugi  helped Anzu to safety and Dark Yugi told Jonouchi to touch the key off the professor to return him to normal. He complied, but also noticed Yugi was acting different. After seeing everyone was okay, Jonouchi told Shadi he was unwelcome here. After Shadi left, Anzu asked Jonouchi if Yugi seemed different to him, but after they approach Yugi, he had turned back his normal self. When Yoshimori noticed some of his teeth were missing, Jonouchi tried blaming Anzu. [23] 
 During the previous Shadow Game, Dark Yugi faced an illusion of Jonouchi created by Shadi. They were to play the  Game of Death , where each player was to try and force their opponent to walk over the edge and fall to their death. The illusion displayed the traits Jonouchi had when he was bully. Dark Yugi refused to take his turns, as it was possible he was facing the real Jonouchi, possessed by Shadi. Dark Yugi's trust in Jonouchi, caused the illusion to disappear, rather than force him off the edge. [22] 
 
 
 Digital Pets 
 When  Digital Pets  became popular, Jonouchi purchased one, which his friends mocked how ugly it had become. When he connected it with Yugi's pet,  U2 , to exchange data,  Jonouchi's pet  proved to be a bully as a kicked U2, but they became friends shortly afterwards. Their classmate,  Kujirada  had a hidden character pet, which Jonouchi tittered at for being uglier than his. The next day at school, Jonouchi left his pet unattended, during which Kujirada fed it to  his own pet . As Kujirirada tried feeding more pets to his own, it was defeated by U2, who had become stronger due to its data transfer with Jonouchi's pet. [24] 
 
 Hanasaki 
 Jonouchi was introduced to the American comic  Zombire  by  Tomoya Hanasaki . He, Yugi, Anzu and Honda were all invited to Hanasaki's house to see his  Zombire  collection afterwards. Among their antics, Jonouchi got a fright when  Hanasaki's father  entered wearing a  Zombire  mask and assembled a figure not knowing Hanasaki had wanted to keep in its box unopened. As they left Hanasaki forgave Jonouchi for assembling the figure, which he now thought was better assembled, and Hanasaki's father begged them to stay friends with Hanasaki. After assuring him that they would, Jonouchi told him that Hanasaki wasn't as fragile as his father thought. [25] 
 
 Street Fighter 
         Jonouchi and  Street Fighter 's  Game of Death     
 Jonouchi went with Yugi to  the arcade  hoping to beat "KAI" in at least one of the national high scores. He heard from other kids at the arcade, that the "KAI" high scores belonged to  Seto Kaiba  and that there was a rumor Kaiba was working on building the ultimate game. Jonouchi failed to beat Kaiba's score on a racing game and after watching Yugi play  Virtual VS  for a while went to buy  a coffee  and  a cola  for himself and Yugi. However when he returned, he found Yugi had been beaten-up and his  Millennium Puzzle  was stolen. [26] 
 Jonouchi tracked down the thief,  Street Fighter  who offered to give back the puzzle, if Jonouchi could beat him in a fighting game,  Game of Death . The rules involved each player holding a knife in their mouth that would stick into their throat if punched in the face. Jonouchi asked that his opponent not use a knife, as he didn't want to hold back punching him in the face. Jonouchi fought with his hands in his pockets and found it difficult to dodge his opponent's punches in the alley. He told his opponent that he had promises in each of his pockets. He revealed one of the promises was Yugi's cola, which he sprayed in his opponent's eyes after it had been shaken, and that the other was the promise to "clobber" him and punched his opponent in the jaw. Jonouchi then took back the Puzzle to give to Yugi. [26] 
 
 Death-T 
 Prior events 
         Jonouchi poisoned, while playing  Russian Roulette Dinner     
 Shortly afterward  their encounter  with  Street Fighter , a limousine pulled up beside Yugi and Jonouchi and  chauffeur  explained that  Seto Kaiba  requested to see Yugi at  his mansion . Yugi and Jonouchi both got inside the limousine and Jonouchi was surprised to hear that Kaiba was president of  KaibaCorp . When it was discovered that Kaiba was unable to see them,  Mokuba Kaiba  asked  the butler  to prepare the "special course" meal for them. Yugi and Jonouchi were disappointed to find that it consisted of childish meals and Mokuba suggested that they make  a game  out of it by spinning the turntable and eating the meal that stopped before them. Mokuba lied when Jonouchi asked if the food was poisoned. Mokuba cheated by using a hidden switch in a syrup bottle, to make Jonouchi eat a poisoned meal. Yugi turned into Dark Yugi and defeated Mokuba winning the antidote to save Jonouchi. [27] 
 Jonouchi and Yugi stayed the night at Kaiba's mansion and were greeted by Kaiba the next morning. Jonouchi initially got mad over what Mokuba did, but Kaiba brought them to the  grand opening  of his  Kaiba Land  theme park as special guests. They and many other children were given free access to all the attractions, leading Jonouchi to believe he had misjudged Kaiba. However Kaiba showed them a special show, where he  Dueled  and defeated  Sugoroku Mutou . [28]  After which, he forced Yugi to take part in  Death-T , the theme park of death, before releasing Sugoroku from the simulation capable of driving humans insane. Jonouchi insisted on accompanying Yugi in Death-T, as did Honda who was babysitting his nephew,  Johji , in the audience. [29] 
 
 Death T-1 
         Jonouchi's sneak attack in  Death T-1     
 In the first stage,  Death T-1 , they bumped into Anzu, who to their surprise was working there. She told them the rules of the stage; how they were to face three others in a shootout game. Unbeknownst to them, Kaiba had hired professional hitmen,  Johnny Gayle ,  Bob McGuire  and " name unknown ", as their opponents. [29]  Jonouchi couldn't bear Honda's plan of staying put, waiting for the other team, so he leapt up on the walls of the arena and took out Gayle by kicking him in the face. Honda called the team to retreat after finding their guns had no effect on their opponents, while their opponents were armed with lethal guns. Jonouchi suggested another one of his sneak attacks, but Honda and Johji dealt with the situation after finding Anzu's gun hadn't been rigged. [30] 
 
 Death T-2 
         Jonouchi after fainting on the  Electric Chair Ride .     
 Jonouchi's bravery vanished as they entered the  Horror Zone  for  Death T-2 . The first part of the stage consisted of the  Electric Chair Ride , during which, Jonouchi, Yugi, Honda, Anzu and  Kaiba's butler , who was orchestrating the ride, were strapped to electric chairs that shock their sitter if they screamed. Jonouchi advised his friends not to make a sound, but they yelled back that he was most likely to scream. The participants were subjected to various terrors during the ride. These caused Jonouchi to faint, preventing him from screaming. The gang were saved as Johji caused the butler to scream and consequently electrocute himself. [31] 
 After the ride, the gang entered the  Murderer's Mansion  and the doors locked behind them. Jonouchi's attempt to pick the lock was mocked by Johji, as there was no use going back the way they came. The gang were had to put their hands through holes, where they got locked below a large guillotine. Yugi managed to solve  the necessary riddle  to save them. [32] 
 
         Jonouchi  faces  the  Chopman .     
 After the guillotine substage, Johji got kidnapped by the  Chopman . Since Johji had saved them in the Electric Chair Ride, Jonouchi  faced  the Chopman to make it up to him. Under Kaiba's death threat, Johji handcuffed Jonouchi to the Chopman. The two had to fight to the death inside a small chamber with weapons hanging from the ceiling. Jonouchi was no match for the Chopman's strength, but after the Chopman's chainsaw got stuck in a pillar. While the Chopman tried to free his chainsaw, Jonouchi looked for something to pick the lock on the handcuff. Yugi pointed him to a candlestick and then briefed him in on a plan to defeat the Chopman. Jonouchi picked open his end of the handcuffs with the candlestick holder. By the time the Chopman freed his chainsaw, Jonouchi had attached his end of the handcuffs the door and left the candle hang loosely off it. Before noticing this, the Chopman gave the chain a tug ripping out the door, allowing Jonouchi escape. The candle hit the oil covered floor, setting the Chopman on fire. [33] 
 
 
 Death T-3 
 For  Death T-3 , Jonouchi and his friends were locked in an  empty room . While waiting for something to happen, Jonouchi talked about how his life had changed a lot lately. Anzu drew a  symbol of friendship  on her, Jonouchi, Yugi and Honda's hands and explained that if they wound up taking separate paths in life, they should remember this symbol and they'll remember being friends. Yugi broke down and cried that if it wasn't for him, they wouldn't be in the mess they were in. Outraged, Jonouchi grabbed Yugi by the collar, demanding that he never say that again, as they were a team. The stage began and large blocks started falling from the ceiling. Having studied dance, Anzu could follow the rhythms the blocks were falling at and guided the group away the blocks about to fall. After the room filled up, the gang were able to escape through a hole high up on one of the walls. While the everyone else made it through, Honda got stuck and told the others to go on. A block sealed the gap they escaped through preventing them going back to Honda. [34] 
 
 Death T-4 
         Jonouchi and Anzu knowingly see Dark Yugi for the first time.     
 Upset over what happened to Honda, Yugi admitted to Anzu and Jonouchi that he thought there was another Yugi inside him. He'd been afraid to tell them, as he feared they might leave him if they knew. Jonouchi promised that even if that's true, he'd always be friends with Yugi. Jonouchi and Anzu, knowingly saw  Dark Yugi  for the first time as, Yugi switched to him, before facing Mokuba in  Capsule Monster Chess  in  Death T-4 . [35] 
 
 Death T-5 
         Dark Yugi imagines Jonouchi, Honda and Anzu are with him.     
 Jonouchi and Anzu were held at gunpoint by  Saruwatari  and another KaibaCorp guard during Death T-4. [36]  After Dark Yugi won, they were escorted to watch him in  Death T-5 , where he faced Kaiba in  Duel Monsters . Before Yugi and Kaiba's Duel began, Jonouchi swiped Saruwatari's phone and called  Tomoya Hanasaki , who was at the  hospital , to check up on Sugoroku. [37]  During the Duel, Dark Yugi imagined Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda were with him before drawing his last card. When he won, the guards still had Jonouchi and Anzu at gunpoint, but Honda, who had been saved by Mokuba, appeared and helped Jonouchi fight the guards off. One of the guards managed to get back on his feet and hold his gun to Jonouchi's head. However Mokuba told him to stop down and explained that he saved them because he owed Yugi a favor. [38] 
 As they left Kaiba Land, Jonouchi got word from Hanasaki who said Sugoroku's surgery was a success. After realizing that Dark Yugi had switched back to Yugi, Jonouchi was about to ask him a question, but then decided not to. [38] 
 
 
 Post Death-T 
 Tsuruoka 
         Jonouchi discovers  Tsuruoka  is bald.     
 Jonouchi, Honda and Yugi played the  Achievement Test Bingo Game  when the results of their achievement tests were posted. Jonouchi lost having not got any lines on his card and had to buy three hamburgers for Yugi and two for Honda. The guidance councilor,  Tsuruoka , spotted them making a game of the test results and pointed out how they scored among the lowest of the four hundred who took the test. He confiscated Yugi's  Lovely Two  love compatibility tester and threatened to break it while calling the three of them "unskilled slackers". However Dark Yugi emerged and claimed they had skills Tsuruoka could never match. This resulted in Tsuruoka imposing a game,  Find the Keyring!  where he hid the Lovely Two and gave them one hour to find it or be expelled. Jonouchi and Honda fetched some digging equipment in case Tsuruoka had buried the device, but Dark Yugi deduced he had hidden it inside. Eventually Dark Yugi discovered the device was somewhere on Tsuruoka's body and used Anzu's Lovely Two to get Yugi's to make a reaction noise proving it was there. Jonouchi and Honda pounced on Tsuruoka and discovered he was wearing a wig and his device inside it. [39] 
 
 
 The Get the Million Game 
         Jonouchi on  The Get the Million Game .     
 Jonouchi sent in an entry form to participate in  ZTV 's  The Get the Million Game . He decorated his form with rainbow colors to make it stand out. The studio did a background check on him and found that  his father  was an unemployed alcoholic, whose gambling debts Jonouchi was working to pay off.  The producer  thought Jonouchi's sob story and struggle would be perfect to boost ratings and he was selected to appear on the show. Jonouchi succeeded in the first two stages of the game,  Darts of Fortune  and  The Electric Helmet . The final stage  The Wheel of Fate  had been rigged to lose, but Dark Yugi had discovered this and played  Red Paint Lottery , which prevented the game from being fixed. Jonouchi succeeded and won the million yen. However the studio went bankrupt before Jonouchi cashed the check. [7] 
 
 Monster Fighter 
         Jonouchi  faces  Yugi in a game of  Monster Fighter .     
 Jonouchi purchased a  Monster Fighter  figure; " Killer Emaada " at  Kame Game  and used it in a  a game  against Yugi, which he lost. The two of them brought their fighters to school the next day, where Jonouchi lost another game to Yugi and got plenty of other students interested in the game. After Yugi's fighter got stolen by  Koji Nagumo , he borrowed Jonouchi's "Killer Emaada", which Dark Yugi used to defeat Nagumo in a rematch. [40] [41] 
 
 Dragon Cards 
 Imori  brought the  Dragon Cards , while they were sealed, to Kame Game to ask Sugoroku for information about them. He allowed Jonouchi to open the seal, but Jonouchi was stopped by Sugoroku, who explained that breaking the seal would cause  yin and yang  to clash and create a warped power. This freaked Jonouchi out. A few days later he realized something was wrong with Yugi, who had received a ransom note from Imori, but Yugi insisted everything was okay. [42] 
 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Jonouchi purchased a  Yovega Fireboy   yo-yo  brought it to school school. The other students mocked him for trying to show off by giving walk the dog a new name. Determined to impress them, he tried his "loop the loop" trick, causing everyone to run for cover.  Nezumi  was unimpressed and told him he never wanted to see a yo-yo again after he had been mugged by a yo-yo-wielding gang. Disgusted by the misuse of yo-yos, Jonouchi agreed to help get revenge on the gang. Nezumi led Jonouchi and Yugi to the location he said he got mugged, which they recognized as  Hirutani 's  torture chamber ". After entering they were surrounded by  Hirutani's gang , who tried getting Jonouchi to rejoin them, as Hirutani's number 2. Jonouchi refused, but Nezumi who had set them up, helped the gangsters capture Yugi and hang him from a hook by his Millennium Puzzle rope. Jonouchi pushed his way through the gang taking numerous blows from their yo-yos and helped Yugi down. [43] 
 
         Jonouchi catches  the gangsters '  yo-yos  with the  Millennium Puzzle .     
 Hirutani gave Jonouchi a last chance to join him, before ordering the gang to kill him and Yugi. While the gangsters swung their yo-yos at them, Jonouchi borrowed Yugi's Millennium Puzzle and swung it around, catching the yo-yos on its rope. He then took all the yo-yos and attached them to the hook, causing the gangsters to be hung by their fingers. [44] 
 
         Hirutani  throws glass in Jonouchi's eyes.     
 Yugi switched to Dark Yugi to help fight off the rest of the gang. Dark Yugi led the remaining gangsters onto a rooftop and Jonouchi separated Hirutani from them. The two engaged in a fight, where Jonouchi punched out two of Hirutani's teeth. Hirutani broke some glass and threw at Jonouchi, causing some to go in his eyes. Hirutani punched Jonouchi around while he was temporarily unable to see and prepared to stab him with a shard of glass. However Jonouchi heard Hirutani step on some broken glass and determined his location. He swung a punch at Hirutani, knocking him off the roof and leaving him hang on by one hand. Jonouchi then took out his yo-yo and used walk the dog to hit Hirutani's hand, causing him to fall. Jonouchi met up with Dark Yugi who had disposed of the other gangsters and apologized for getting him dragged into his problems, but Dark Yugi insisted that Jonouchi's problems were his problems too. [44] 
 
 
 Monster World 
         Jonouchi gets to know  Ryo Bakura .     
 When  Ryo Bakura  transferred to  Domino High School , he sat next to Jonouchi and the two quickly got along. During the lunch break, Jonouchi introduced Bakura to Yugi, Anzu and Honda and the four of them agreed to play the tabletop role-playing game  Monster World  the next day. A group of girls then came over and told Jonouchi not to be hogging Bakura and pulled Bakura away for a guide of the school. After school, Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu and Honda caught up with Bakura to ask where they'd play  Monster World , but Bakura said that it was better they don't play at all, since the last few people who played games with him all wound up in comas. [45] 
 Bakura didn't come to school the next day, so Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu and Honda went to  his apartment  to cheer him up and prove that his old friends ending up in comas was just a coincidence, by  playing   Monster World . They met  Dark Bakura  at the door and mistook him for Ryo Bakura. [45]  Dark Bakura went over the rules of  Monster World  and created their character miniatures after giving them forms to fill out. Jonouchi's character, " Joey " was a human warrior. He, Yugi, Anzu and Honda played the adventurers, while Dark Bakura played the  Dark Master . [46] 
 
         Jonouchi gets absorbed in the game.     
 Not knowing anything about their enemy or the world the game was set in, the adventurers went to  the village  for information. Jonouchi got enthusiastically involved in the game as he pushed the barman into telling them how  Zorc  had taken over the land and infested it with his monsters. Honda noted how the game brought out the worst in Jonouchi, as he demanded the barman give them gold so they could help him. The barman directed them to another villager, who could tell them the safest path to  Zorc Castle . Jonouchi and Honda roared out laughing at how the villager looked like  Mr. Karita , the gym teacher, not knowing it was really him, trapped in a miniature. Karita gave them directions and advised them to stay out of  the forest . [46] 
 
         Jonouchi's character  defeats the  Goblin .     
 Outside the village there was a 30% chance of an enemy monster encounter. Dark Bakura rolled a 02 on a pair of ten-sided dice. Since this was less then 30, an enemy Level 3  Goblin  appeared. Jonouchi rolled the dice to determine the strength of his attack. Dark Bakura calculated he would need 40 or lower to slay the goblin and Jonouchi rolled a 13, easily killing it. [46] 
 The adventurers encountered a stranger lying unconscious in their path. Unbeknownst to them it was Zorc in disguise. Jonouchi got his character to poke the stranger with his sword, waking them up. The stranger told them that he had a holy sword, capable of defeating Zorc, stolen from him after he was attacked in the forest and begged for their help. Jonouchi thought it was worth going against Karita's safety advise for the sword and after some discussion the adventurers agreed to help the stranger. [47] 
 Inside the forest there was a 80% encounter rate and the adventurers were quickly faced with five monsters. Jonouchi rolled an 82, causing his character to fall on his face when he tried attacking. Honda, Yugi and Anzu defeated the monsters and tamed  Pokii  into joining their party. [47] 
 
         Jonouchi, trapped in his miniature     
 The stranger revealed that he was Zorc and changed form. Dark Bakura rolled a 00, causing Zorc to trap Anzu in her miniature. [47]  Angry over this, Jonouchi rolled to attack Zorc, not realizing it wasn't his turn. He rolled a fumble, 99, causing his soul to also be sealed in his miniature. Honda and Yugi were sealed in their miniatures too shortly afterwards, leaving Dark Yugi to roll for all four of them. [48] 
 Dark Yugi caused Honda to blow off Zorc's hand. Zorc retreated afterwards, while his hand mutated into two more monsters. Using the  double hit  technique, Dark Yugi rolled a super critical 00 for Jonouchi, allowing him to slash the  eyeball  monster in two. The double hit was banned for both players after Dark Yugi used it again to get Yugi to tame  Pao . [49] 
 At Zorc Castle, the adventurers inspected a strange pedestal inside a tower, causing them to get caught in a trap. The spiked ceiling dropped onto their heads and it was estimated that they would have three turns before the miniatures broke under its pressure. While trying to figure the required dice roll to complete the roof's supporting tower, Yugi and Jonouchi were attacked by Zorc lowering their HP. Dark Yugi managed to make the right roll and due to the adventurers' high speed scores, they escaped just before Zorc attacked again. Jonouchi's figure was left with two holes in his head due to the spikes. [50] 
 
         Jonouchi stabs out  Zorc 's eye.     
 Having caught Zorc off guard, the adventurers won initiative and began attacking Zorc. Channeling their anger into the dice, Dark Yugi made powerful rolls as they attacked Zorc, but due to the difference in levels, Zorc wasn't injured too badly. Using brainwashed dice, Dark Bakura rolled a 00 for Zorc's attack. However Ryo Bakura had been able to take control of Dark Bakura's left hand, since his avatar's hand had been blown off, and used it to recalculate the damage so the adventurers each survived with 1 HP remaining. Dark Yugi rolled a 05 for Jonouchi, allowing him to stab and gouge out Zorc's left eye. [51]  Dark Yugi got Anzu to heal the party afterwards. [52] 
 With his control of the left hand, Bakura rolled a 99 with the brainwashed dice, causing Zorc's next attack to backfire. Dark Bakura then impaled the left hand on one of the castle towers, causing the adventures to suspect Dark Bakura was not the same Bakura they knew. Yugi used his beast tamer training hand to pull the  White Wizard Bakura , the avatar of Ryo Bakura, out of Zorc's wounded left arm. Bakura joined the adventurers and helped them fight Zorc. [52] 
 
         Jonouchi cuts Last Zorc in two.     
 After taking significant damage, Zorc transformed into Last Zorc and attacked the party, but they were shielded by Bakura's magic, leaving them with some HP. Pokii and Yugi were able to take advantage of Last Zorc's weak point being exposed to inflict serious damage and Jonouchi cut Last Zorc in two afterwards. [53] 
 Last Zorc was still alive and Dark Bakura threatened to have it self-destruct and kill the adventurers. He and Dark Yugi rolled for initiative, tying at 00 each. However with part of his soul sealed in the brainwashed dice, Bakura was able to shatter Dark Bakura's dice, allowing the adventurers to move and kill Zorc. [54] 
 With Dark Bakura defeated Jonouchi, his friends and everyone else Dark Bakura sealed in miniatures returned to their bodies. Bakura made a diorama of the adventurers as a symbol of their friendship when they fought together. [54] 
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Prior events 
         Jonouchi  duels  Anzu.     
 Jonouchi built-up his  Duel Monsters  Deck to contain nothing but the strongest  Monster Cards  he could get. However this caused him to lose several Duels, including  one  to Anzu. Frustrated, he asked Yugi to help him become better. Yugi pointed out the problem with using just Monster Cards and invited him and Anzu to come to his house to watch the finals of the  Duel Monsters  tournament . After the finals, Yugi put on  a videotape  he received in the mail. The tape contained what appeared to be a pre-recording of  Maximillion J. Pegasus , who challenged Yugi to a Duel. [55]  Dark Yugi got help from Jonouchi, Anzu and  Sugoroku  in testing his theory that Pegasus was using subliminal messaging. [56]  He witnessed Dark Yugi losing and Sugoroku getting sucked into the videotape by the power of Pegasus'  Millennium Eye . [57] 
 The next day at school, Jonouchi explained to Bakura what happened to Sugoroku. he also tried cheering-up Dark Yugi. After school, he received  a videotape , which he feared could also have been from Pegasus. He, Anzu and Honda went to Yugi's house to watch it, as Jonouchi didn't have an 8 mm player of his own. Before playing the tape, Yugi showed Jonouchi the invitation package for Pegasus'  Duelist Kingdom  tournament he'd received. However the tape contained a greeting from  Shizuka . Afterwards Jonouchi told his friends how he and Shizuka had lived apart since their parents split up and that Shizuka was close to losing her eyesight. Jonouchi wept about how he couldn't help her, but Dark Yugi split his  Star Chips  for the Duelist Kingdom with Jonouchi. He said that Jonouchi could enter to win the prize money to pay for the surgery to save Shizuka, while the Yugis entered to save Sugoroku. Dark Yugi and Jonouchi spent the next week training for the tournament. [5]  During this time Yugi gave Jonouchi the cards " Baby Dragon " and " Time Wizard ". [58]  According to Jonouchi they dueled 187 times over this period, with Yugi winning every time. [59] 
 
         Jonouchi tries to recover the " Exodia " cards.     
 Yugi and Jonouchi, accompanied by Anzu, Honda and Bakura went to  Domino Pier  to get on the boat to the kingdom. Here Jonouchi met  Mai Kujaku  and unsuccessfully tried to impress her by saying he was friends with "the famous Yugi". He was unimpressed to find that he had to sleep in the common room on the ship, but took the chance to try and trade with the other participants. When  Haga  threw Yugi's " Exodia " cards overboard, Jonouchi dived into the water, but only managed to retrieve two of them. [60] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Haga 
 When they arrived  Duelist Kingdom  the next day, Jonouchi briefly had a cold. Once the tournament began, he and his friends followed Haga into a forest, and supported Dark Yugi as he  dueled  Haga to get revenge. [61]  Jonouchi's advice to burn down the forest if necessary to defeat " Cocoon of Evolution " gave Dark Yugi the idea to use " Burning Land " to rid it of its  Field Power Bonus . [62]  After Haga was defeated, Jonouchi took his  Duel Glove . [63] 
 
 Mai 
 Jonouchi went out into the grass plains and promised to show Shizuka scenery like it some day. He was advised by Dark Yugi to be careful when choosing the location of his Duel. Jonouchi thought he would be safe in the plains, which should strengthen his  Warrior  and  Beast-Warrior - Type  monsters. Mai then came over to their group. Expecting her to challenge Dark Yugi, they were surprised to hear she wanted to Duel Jonouchi. She explained that it was a better strategy to crush weak Duelists and earn Star Chips before dueling Dark Yugi. Anzu tried talking Jonouchi out of accepting, but Dark Yugi told him to do his best and Jonouchi did not want to be remembered as a coward, so he accepted  the Duel  and they bet 1 Star Chip each. Jonouchi asked Mai why she entered the tournament and thought her desire to have the prize money for excessive self interests was a weak reason. When asked himself, he said he was fighting to save a life. [63] 
 
         Jonouchi  Duels   Mai .     
 Mai began using her  Aroma Tactics  to catch Jonouchi off guard and strengthened her " Harpy Lady " with accessory  Spell Cards . When Mai mocked Anzu's talk of how hearing friends' feelings could make a Duelist stronger, Dark Yugi reminded Jonouchi of the " something you can show, but can't see " riddle. Thinking the answer "friendship" was not going to save him this time, Jonouchi thought he was not smart enough to figure out what Dark Yugi was trying to tell him. Thinking he would let Shizuka down, he closed his eyes to imagine what blindness was like. Without concentrating on what he could see, Jonouchi noticed the smell of various perfumes and realized Mai had marked her cards with perfume to see what they were without looking; one could "show the cards", but could not "see the smell". No longer put off by Mai's trick, Jonouchi was able to concentrate. Although Mai said he still could not beta her in a hundred years. Jonouchi used " Time Wizard " to weaken Mai's "Harpy Lady" monsters and age " Baby Dragon " into " Thousand Dragon ", who destroyed the Harpies and defeated Mai. After the Duel Jonouchi told Mai that there was one thing that does not change after a thousand ears and its "something you can show, but can't see". [58] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Kajiki 
         Kajiki  shares his food with Bakura, Honda, Jonouchi, Anzu and Dark Yugi.     
 Jonouchi and his friends soon realized they did not have any food for the rest of the day. Jonouchi annoyed Anzu, remarking that as a girl, she should have thought ahead and made lunch. He was not keen about eating mushrooms Honda's  Survival Book  deemed safe, but quickly smelled  Ryota Kajiki 's unattended fish being cooked. Jonouchi compared stealing the food to taking Star Chips and deemed it all part of the game of life. Kajiki spotted them and seemed angry at first, but eventually shared his fish with them. However he challenged Dark Yugi to  a Duel  afterwards and revealed the food has been bait to lure Duelists to the  ocean  terrain, which suited his Deck. Jonouchi and the others supported Dark Yugi during the Duel. [64] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Mokuba 
 Jonouchi spotted  Saruwatari  forcefully restraining  a boy , who was to be eliminated for running out of Star Chips. The boy claimed the Star Chips were stolen and Jonouchi offered to catch the thief to save him from being eliminated. He added last second that he'd take half the Star Chips as payment. Shortly after Jonouchi and his friends began searching, they saw that the boy had been put on a boat leaving the kingdom and they were confronted by the thief, who turned out to be  Mokuba . [65]  Mokuba unsuccessfully tried to steal Dark Yugi's Star Chips and told the group about Pegasus plan to take over  KaibaCorp , where it was necessary for Pegasus to defeat Yugi in a Duel. [66] 
 
 Dark Yugi and the ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi watched Dark Yugi  Duel  and defeat the  Ventriloquist of the Dead , during which time Saruwatari secretly took Mokuba back to  Pegasus Castle  without any of them noticing. [67] 
 
 Ryuzaki 
         Jonouchi  duels   Ryuzaki .     
 Jonouchi had trouble finding opponents as they were afraid to be near Dark Yugi in fear of being challenged by him. Mai was annoyed that she lost to Jonouchi. Thinking it would be shallow to challenge him to a rematch, she arranged for  Dinosaur Ryuzaki  to Duel him, and planned to defeat Ryuzaki afterwards effectively outranking both Duelists. Jonouchi accepted  the Duel  and requested that Dark Yugi didn't help him. Each played wagered 2 Star Chips. [68] 
 Jonouchi planned on using the same combo he beat Mai with, but Ryuzaki destroyed " Baby Dragon " before Jonouchi got to age it with " Time Wizard ". [68]  Jonouchi got overpowered by Ryuzaki's  Dinosaurs  at first and didn't know how to use "Time Wizard" without "Baby Dragon". He took advantage of Dinosaurs weakness to fire-based attacks with the " Flame Swordsman " [69]  to defeat a number of Ryuzaki's monsters before being overpowered by the " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". Ryuzaki imposed an ante, where he bet "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and Jonouchi bet "Time Wizard". Jonouchi took the gamble and played "Time Wizard", whose effect was a random chance "Self-Destruct" or "Time Magic". The "Time Magic" effect activated and fossilized Ryuzaki's monsters. Mai inadvertently cheered when Jonouchi won. [70] 
 
 Campout 
 As it got dark, Jonouchi and his friends found a space in the woods to spend the night and grew hungry once again. Jonouchi was about to eat a mushroom, despite Yugi, Honda and Bakura'a attempt to restrain him. He stopped when Mai arrived with food. Having overheard Jonouchi cry that he wanted food not Star Chips, she joked about trading him a small piece of food for a Star Chip. Mai suggested a ceasefire. She shared her food with the others and got the boys to do the cooking. While they ate, she made it clear that they could be friends that night, but would be enemies the next day. Jonouchi and the other boys slept outside, while Anzu and Mai used the tent. [71] 
 Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura were woken up during the night. Jonouchi learned Mai had lost all her Star Chips to the  Player Killer of Darkness  and refused to take them back after Dark Yugi won them back. Jonouchi proposed that he take the Star Chips instead, causing Mai to angrily demand them back, which he happily did. He said she could still throw them away, but suggested not letting her pride throw them and her dream of dueling Yugi away. [72] 
 
 Kaiba 
         Jonouchi  Duels   Kaiba  using  Duel Disks .     
 Jonouchi's next three attempts to fall asleep were disturbed by Honda thinking a vine was a snake, Bakura finding the  Millennium Ring  reacting to the  Millennium Eye  and  Kaiba  landing his helicopter on the island. Still angry over  Death-T , Jonouchi tried picking a fight with Kaiba. Kaiba offered to have  a Duel  using his new  Duel Disk  technology, which used an altered set of rules. [73] 
 Jonouchi Summoned an array of monsters all of which got destroyed by Kaiba's " Battle Ox " or its upgrade, " Rabid Horseman ". Eventually Jonouchi Summoned "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", which defeated the horseman, only for Kaiba to defeat it with " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and win the Duel. [74]  Kaiba continued to mock Jonouchi after winning. Anzu tried telling Kaiba off and Bakura was about to tell him about Jonouchi fighting for Shizuka, but Jonouchi told him not to tell Kaiba. Before leaving Kaiba told them about  a Duel  Pegasus had with  Bandit Keith , in which Pegasus demonstrated his  Mind Scan  ability. [75] 
 That night, Jonouchi was tormented in his dreams by his loss to Kaiba. [76] 
 
 
 Kozuka 
         Jonouchi, forced to  Duels   Kozuka .     
 The next morning, Jonouchi got a bit worried by Yugi's deduction that today's opponents would be even stronger, but insisted he would take down whoever stood in his way. Jonouchi left the group while he urinated. He was ambushed afterwards by Bandit Keith's lackeys who dragged him into the hidden  Crypt  part of the island, where he was to Duel  Ghost Kozuka . [76]  Jonouchi fainted at first, but was woken up as  one of others  punched him. Jonouchi instinctively seized him and prepared to fight back, but stopped on seeing skulls everywhere. He got creeped out as Kozuka told him he was in the crypt and surrounded by ghosts. Terrified, Jonouchi accepted  the Duel  and the wager of his four Star Chips. Not wanting Kaiba to be right about him being afraid to ever Duel again, he outruled running. [77] 
 Kozuka reluctantly Summoned non- Zombie - Type  monsters under Keith's orders, which Jonouchi easily defeated. However Kozuka then used " Call of the Haunted " to revive his three monsters as Zombies, which were powered up by the  Graveyard terrain . [77]  Whenever he defeated these Zombies, they came back even stronger. His attempt to get rid of them with " Time Wizard " backfired as it self-destructed when the "Time Roulette" stopped on a skull. Kozuka further powered up the Zombies with " Pumpking the King of Ghosts " [78] , but Jonouchi defeated it with " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". Kozuka's remaining Zombies were stronger than "Red-Eyes" and " Stop Defense " prevented him shielding his  Life Points  by putting monsters in  Defense Mode . Jonouchi Summoned " Kung Fu Fighter Ultimator " and used " Shield and Sword " to swap all monsters' ATK and DEF. Since the Zombies were only able to instinctively attack, they had 0 DEF, which became their ATK, allowing "Kung Fu Fighter Ultimator" to easily defeat one and drop Kozuka's Life Points to 0. [79] 
 Dark Yugi, Anzu, Honda and Bakura found Jonouchi just after the Duel and congratulated him on his win. Jonouchi called back Keith as he was leaving and asked him to play fair next time if he's a true Duelist. Keith laughed and said that card games are about outwitting your opponent. He suggested that Jonouchi stop pretending to be a nice guy and then prizes would come his way, like the various Decks filled with rare cards under his jacket. [80] 
 Before Jonouchi and his friends got to leave the underground, Keith had his companions push a boulder in front of the exit, trapping them inside. Before the gap was fully closed, Jonouchi yelled at Keith that he was going to beat him. [80] 
 
 Meikyû Brothers 
 Searching for a way out of the underground, Jonouchi and his friends passed through a maze, which led them to the Labyrinth Duel Arena. Here they met the Player Killers, the  Meikyû Brothers , who told them they needed to pass through one of the doors behind them to exit. To find the right door, they needed to defeat them in a Duel so Jonouchi and Dark Yugi joined-up for a Team  Labyrinth Duel  against the brothers. Jonouchi bet 2 Star Chips and Dark Yugi bet 4. [80] 
 The Meikyû Brothers used " Labyrinth Wall " to turn the field into a maze. Each turn, monsters could move through the maze by a number of squares equal to their Level. After the Duel Dark Yugi and Jonouchi had to choose one of the two doors. One of which led to the exit, while the other led to doom. To give them a hint, the brothers said that one of them would only tell the truth and the other would only lie. Each claimed that the door they guarded was correct and offered to answer one question from each of Dark Yugi and Jonouchi. Jonouchi remembered a similar riddle, in which a man met a villager at a crossroad between Honest Town and Liar Town. The man wanted to go to Honest Town and was allowed to ask one question. The solution was for him to ask to the villager to take him to his town. In either case, he would be taken to Honest Town. Jonouchi asked the Meikyû Brothers which door they were guarding and both of them pointed to  Meikyû the Younger 's door, implying  Meikyû the Elder  was the liar. However Dark Yugi was cautious since both had said "one of us always tells the truth and one of us always lies", whereas as a pure liar and pure truthful man could not both say that. [81] 
 
         Jonouchi and Dark Yugi  face  the  Meikyû Brothers  in a  Labyrinth Duel .     
 Learning that " Wall Shadow " could attack monsters anywhere in the maze, Jonouchi played " Axe Raider " at a distance from the entrance and comboed it with " Kunai with Chain " on Dark Yugi's turn to ensnare "Wall Shadow" when it tried attacking " Celtic Guardian ". [81]  Dark Yugi and Jonouchi tried keeping their monsters together, but the brothers used " Magical Labyrinth " to rearrange the walls, splitting up the group. Jonouchi inadvertently got "Axe Raider" to step on a " Jirai Gumo " trap, killing "Axe Raider" and leaving " Flame Swordsman " faced with "Jirai Gumo" and " Labyrinth Tank ", but Dark Yugi used " Dark Magician " and " Mystic Box " to destroy those two monsters. [82]  The brothers tried using " Dungeon Worm " to dispose of Dark Yugi and Jonouchi's monsters. However Jonouchi equipped " Flame Swordsman " with " Salamandra ", allowing it to send an attack into the wormhole and destroy "Dungeon Worm". [83] 
 Eventually the brothers managed to bring out " Gate Guardian " [83] , whose components " Suijin ", " Kazejin " and " Sanga of the Thunder " could attack monsters anywhere in the labyrinth and block attacks directed at each other. When Jonouchi tried attacking "Kazejin" with "Flame Swordsman", "Suijin" blocked and created a flood, which destroyed "Flame Swordsman". Dark Yugi used the water it left to carry the lightning attack from " Summoned Skull " to "Suijin" and used " Spellbinding Circle " to stop "Kazejin" defending. Jonouchi Summoned " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", which Dark Yugi  fused  with "Summoned Skull" into " Black Skull Dragon ". [84]  The labyrinth could not be only be crossed by flight, nor could "Black Skull Dragon" fit into the narrow corridors, leaving it immobile. Jonouchi used " Copycat " to mimic the brothers' " Ryoku ", halving their Life Points to strengthen "Black Skull Dragon" and Dark Yugi used " Shift " to switch its location with "Dark Magician". "Black Skull Dragon" then attacked and destroyed "Gate Guardian", defeating the brothers [85]  and earning Jonouchi and Dark Yugi enough Star Chips to enter  Pegasus Castle . [86] 
 With the correct door still left to choose, Jonouchi's head hurt trying to figure it out. He helped the others search the chamber for clues. Dark Yugi was confident that the brothers would say whichever door they choose was wrong, so he tricked them into thinking he had chosen one door for long enough for them to say it was the wrong door, before revealing he had actually chosen the other. [86]  This allowed the group the leave the underground and emerge just outside Pegasus Castle. [87] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Kaiba 
 Kaiba blocked Jonouchi, Dark Yugi and their friends from entering the castle. Jonouchi threatened to beat-up Kaiba if he didn't move, but was restrained by Honda and Bakura. Noticing that Jonouchi had earned 10 Star Chips, Kaiba said that he promoted him from a loser to a  horse bone  (from a loser to a deadbeat in the English version). Dark Yugi wound-up accepting  a Duel  with Kaiba using Duel Disks, with five Star Chips on the line, while Jonouchi and the others watched. [88]  Jonouchi accused Kaiba of fighting dirty when he threatened to kill himself if he lost, though became very shocked when Bakura suggested it was not a bluff, and was a tactic which led to Kaiba's victory. [89]  After Anzu told Kaiba that he had been the weak one in the Duel, Jonouchi told him not to forget it was Yugi who saved him. However, Kaiba stormed out of their ideologies, Jonouchi expresses his utter disgust at Kaiba and angrily chucked the Duel Disk back to him. [90] 
 
         Jonouchi tries giving Yugi his  Star Chips .     
 With no time to lose, Dark Yugi and Jonouchi set out to find more Duelists to earn Star Chips. However Saruwatari pointed out that a boat containing the remaining Duelists had left and claimed that there were already four qualified finalists; Keith, Jonouchi and a third who had left to collect the fourth. Jonouchi tried giving Yugi five of his Star Chips, but Yugi was unwilling to take them. They were then interrupted by Mai, who had collected sixteen Star Chips and offered to give Yugi six in return for him winning back hers earlier. [90]  Yugi refused to accept and explained that Dark Yugi would do the same. Jonouchi told Yugi not to feel inferior to Dark Yugi and to think about he wanted himself. Jonouchi said that if a real Duelist only cares about their pride, he does not want to be like that. Duelists like that were show-offs, whereas he would crawl through the mud if it meant protecting someone precious to him, he claimed and professed that he is Katsuya Jonouchi before he is a Duelist. Eventually, Yugi took Mai's Star Chips and Jonouchi said that if Dark Yugi had a problem with it, Yugi was to bring him out, so he could kick his butt. [91] 
 With 10 Star Chips each, Yugi, Jonouchi and Mai entered the castle. Saruwatari tried stopping Anzu, Honda and Bakura entering, but Jonouchi got fed up with him and punched him in the head, knocking him out. [91] 
 
 
 Prior to the finals 
 Inside the castle, Jonouchi saw Bandit Keith and began to threaten him for trapping them in the cave. However Keith quietened him as he pointed to  a Duel  between Kaiba and Pegasus about to start. [91]  Although Jonouchi wanted both of them to lose, Pegasus losing would ruin the tournament, so he hoped to see Kaiba lose. He was surprised to hear Yugi shouting advice to Kaiba before the Duel. [92]  Jonouchi and the others watched Pegasus defeat Kaiba and seal his soul in a " Soul Prison " card as a  Penalty Game . [93] 
 The finalists were told that they would need the cards " The Honor of the King's Right " and " Left " to advance any further. Having not been invited, Jonouchi had neither of those cards, but Dark Yugi gave him the "Right Hand" card, which was required for the prize money. [93] 
 
         Jonouchi startles Keith as he talks in his sleep.     
 The finalists and friends were then taken to the dining room for  a dinner party . Here they were surprised to see a portrait of  Shadi , after which [93]  Jonouchi helped explain his and his friends  last encounter  with Shadi to Bakura. As they ate their soup, Jonouchi was unenthusiastic about Honda's desire for Dark Yugi to save the Kaiba's and stated that they got what they deserved, but Honda compared Kaiba fighting for Mokuba to Jonouchi fighting for Shizuka. Jonouchi was disgusted to find a  Millennium Eye replica  in his soup. Each finalist received an eye containing a letter which determined their opponents for the finals; In Jonouchi's case, Keith. [94] 
 That night Keith who had neither of the "Honor" cards snuck into Jonouchi's room to steal his. Yugi who heard Jonouchi talking in his sleep also came into the room and spotted Keith. Jonouchi was woken up as he heard Keith attacking Yugi and managed to fight him off. Keith left without the others noticing he had taken the card and Jonouchi assumed he had just stumbled into the wrong room. [95] 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Mai 
 Jonouchi and Anzu supported Dark Yugi during  his Duel with Mai . [96]  During the Duel, Mai put the " something you can show, but can't see " riddle before Dark Yugi. Jonouchi pointed out that he had asked Mai when  they Dueled  and asked if she even knew the answer herself. Mai replied that she came up with her own answer and Jonouchi offered to answer on Dark Yugi's behalf, saying that the answer is "friendship". However Mai said he was incorrect and her answer wasn't such a cliché. She thought to herself that Jonouchi was the one who taught her the answer, so he should know. As Mai proceeded to overpower Dark Yugi, Jonouchi started to thing that he had been lucky when he beat Mai before. Mai disagreed and asked Jonouchi if he knew why he had gotten so for in the tournament. Jonouchi credited it to his friends, saying there was no other way a bad player like himself could have gotten that far. Mai said he was right; he knew and accepted his weakness and worked to overcome it. As she elaborated, Dark Yugi realized how he had been fighting wrong [97]  and was able to defeat Mai. [98] 
 
 Keith 
         Mai  gives Jonouchi " The Honor of the King's Right ".     
 Keith  annoyed Jonouchi by putting his feet on the table before  their Duel  and asked if Jonouchi would lick the bottom of his boot in exchange for him forfeiting. Jonouchi was unable to find his "The Honor of the King's Right" and was given five minutes to produce it before he would be disqualified. Jonouchi ran around to look for the card and dropped to his knees in defeat after four minutes. Mai spotted him weeping and told him to save his tears for if he loses. She handed him her qualification card, which she no longer needed and said that Jonouchi shouldn't give up on his wishes. Jonouchi tried asking why she did this for him, but she reminded him he had no time. As he ran back to the Duel room, Mai thought to herself "You idiot.. it's because we're friends!". [99] 
 
         Jonouchi  Duels  Keith.     
 Keith's  Machine - Type  monsters immunity to magical attacks was an obstacle for Jonouchi. He thought he had an opening when Keith played " Zoa ", but Keith transformed it into a Machine with " Metalmorph " when Jonouchi attacked it. Jonouchi still overcame Keith's " Metalzoa " and " Stop Defense " combo with " Chasm of Spikes ". [100]  He took out Keith's remaining Machines with " Garoozis " and " Kunai with Chain ". Keith then took out Jonouchi's monsters with the "Russian Roulette" effect of " Barrel Dragon ". Jonouchi tried fighting a gamble with a gamble and used the "Time Roulette" effect of " Time Wizard ". [101]  He succeeded in ageing both monsters, but Keith used " Time Machine " to revert "Barrel Dragon" to its earlier state, causing it to defeat "Thousand Dragon". Jonouchi eventually beat "Barrel Dragon" by using " Copycat " to duplicate "Metalmorph" transforming " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " into " Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon ". [102]  Keith powered-up his " Slot Machine " with " 7 Completed " cards he had hidden in his sleeve and attempted to destroy "Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon" with " Blast Sphere ", but Jonouchi used " Dragon Nails " to make it too strong to be affected. "Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon" and "Slot Machine" each stood at 3400 ATK, but Keith used " Pillager " to take Jonouchi's " Shield and Sword ", swapping the monsters' ATK and DEF, making "Slot Machine" stronger. However Jonouchi used " Graverobber " on " Time Machine ", reverting "Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon" to its unswapped ATK and DEF, causing it to defeat "Slot Machine" and Jonouchi to win. [103] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Pegasus 
 Anzu thought that Jonouchi and Dark Yugi would have to Duel in the final. However Dark Yugi said it was unnecessary and they would only end up exposing more of their tactics to Pegasus. Jonouchi was alright with skipping the Duel and letting Dark Yugi face Pegasus as Dark Yugi was the only person he knew capable of defeating Pegasus. Although he was still unsure if it was okay for him to weigh Dark Yugi down with his baggage, by leaving Dark Yugi Duel for him. On the contrary, Dark Yugi claimed that he would win because he was fighting for Jonouchi, like how Jonouchi won because he was fighting for Shizuka. Jonouchi handed "The Honor of the King's Right" to Dark Yugi so he could claim both prizes when he defeats Pegasus. Pegasus also deemed a Duel between the two of them pointless. [104] 
 
         Bakura, Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu and Honda block Pegasus'  Mind Scan .     
 Jonouchi, Anzu, Honda and Bakura watched and supported Dark Yugi in  his Duel against Pegasus . They were surprised to hear that Yugi would have his soul sealed in a card if he lost and that he accepted the Duel knowing that. [105]  During the Duel Jonouchi got annoyed by Pegasus' use of the  Millennium Eye  to read Yugi's mind, but was confident the  Millennium Puzzle  would overpower it. [106]  This was confirmed when the Yugis used the  Mind Shuffle  strategy. [107]  When Pegasus changed the nature of the Duel to a  Shadow Game , Yugi quickly became over exhausted leaving Dark Yugi fight by himself. Anzu explained to Jonouchi that Yugi's soul hadn't died as Yugi had told her before that one Yugi cannot live without the other. Jonouchi feared that this could mean Dark Yugi is on the verge of dying. When Pegasus tried reading Dark Yugi's mind again, an apparition of Bakura, Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu and Honda blocked his view. [108]  With this Dark Yugi was able to defeat Pegasus. [109] 
 Jonouchi tried describing how he felt during the Duel, but his friends spoke before he got the chance and said everything he was about to say. Dark Yugi then got Pegasus to tell them the story of how he received the Millennium Eye. [110]  Afterwards, Jonouchi wondered why Dark Yugi didn't give Pegasus a  Penalty Game . Anzu suspected it was because he would only be proving what Pegasus said about the  Millennium Items  possessing an evil intelligence was true if he did so. [59] 
 
 
 Aftermath 
 Mokuba woke up shortly after Pegasus returned his soul to his body. He, Jonouchi and Jonouchi's friends went outside the castle, to find Kaiba. While they waited, Jonouchi suggested that Kaiba's soul might have been summoned to Heaven, causing Anzu to snap at him. Jonouchi got a bit teary-eyed when he saw the Kaiba's reunited and thought he just couldn't hate them. [59] 
 Jonouchi received the prize money from Dark Yugi and asked if it was really okay if he took it. Dark Yugi replied that it was as he thought Jonouchi was the real champion of the kingdom. Jonouchi still insisted that he owed Dark Yugi big time. Dark Yugi said that he can owe him until the day he beats him, prompting Anzu to ask what Jonouchi's record against the Yugis' was, to which he replied that he had 0 wins and 187 loses starting from the one week earlier. [59] 
 With no boats leaving the island, Kaiba gave Jonouchi and his friends a lift back to Japan in his helicopter as payment for saving him and Mokuba. [59] 
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 With the money from Duelist Kingdom, Jonouchi was able to pay for Shizuka's operation and the doctors predicted that her vision would be fully restored. [111] 
 
         Jonouchi and  Ryuji Otogi  playing four aces.     
 At school, Jonouchi got jealous of the new student,  Ryuji Otogi , as he impressing some girls with dice tricks. He boasted to Ryuji about his success in Duelist Kingdom. Ryuji acted impressed and offered to play a game with Jonouchi. Ryuji placed a die under a cup and bet Jonouchi that he could move the dice without touching the cup. The loser of the bet was to do whatever the winner told them to do for the next week. Ryuji claimed that the die had moved, causing Jonouchi to lift the cup to check, allowing Ryuji to grab the die from under it. [111]  Feeling he'd been cheated, Jonouchi challenged Ryuji to another game. Ryuji imposed a game of  four aces . Disillusioned that he had a 1/2 chance of winning, rather than a 1/3, Jonouchi accepted and lost twice, increasing the length of time he would have to do as Ryuji said. Ryuji ordered Jonouchi to be his dog and fired dice at his face when he was disobedient. Angered, Yugi switched to Dark Yugi and challenged Ryuji to four aces, with the rules modified to give each player a 1/2 chance of winning. Dark Yugi won both games, granting Jonouchi his freedom. [112] 
 
         Jonouchi rescues Yugi from the fire.     
 The next day, [111]  Jonouchi met up with his friends at the grand opening of the  Black Clown . He purchased some  Dungeon Dice Monsters  Booster Packs and unbeknownst to him, Yugi got forced into a game of  Dungeon Dice Monsters  with Ryuji. [113]  Jonouchi, Anzu and Sugoroku didn't find Yugi back at  Kame Game  and when Honda reported that  Dark Bakura  went to the Black Clown, they suspected something was up. [114]  When they got back to the Black Crown, they found the security guards unconscious and saw Bakura and Ryuji outside a room that had just caught fire while Yugi and  Mr. Clown  were inside. [115]  Jonouchi and Honda kicked down the door and found Yugi trying to re-solve the Millennium Puzzle, while its chain was pinned to a table. Yugi refused to leave Dark Yugi behind. Unable to get Yugi to let go of the puzzle, Jonouchi used the  Devil's Board Game  as a lever to remove the pin and then carried Yugi out. [116] 
 
 
 Battle City 
   This section is  missing information  from from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  volumes 18 to 24. 
 Prior events 
 Jonouchi heard of the  Battle City  tournament from Yugi and was annoyed that  Kaiba  had not invited him. He worried about losing his " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " when Yugi told him about the  ante rule , but also saw it as an opportunity to get more rare cards. [117] 
 Shizuka's operation had been a success, but she was reluctant to remove the bandage from here eyes. One of the reasons Jonouchi decided to enter the tournament was to show his courage in order to give Shizuka the courage to remove her bandages. [118] 
 
 Exodia Rare Hunter 
         Jonouchi  loses  to  the Rare Hunter .     
 Jonouchi went with Yugi, Honda and Anzu to the  RPG Hobby Trading Cards  shop to pick up a  Duel Disk  afterwards. Kaiba assigned Jonouchi a weak Duelist rating of two out of eight stars, making him ineligible for a free Duel Disk. However  the salesman  noticed Jonouchi had a "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and said there was a mistake and Jonouchi actually had 5 Stars, entitling him to a Duel Disk. After Jonouchi left, the salesman phoned the  Rare Hunters  to notify them of Jonouchi's rare card. [117] 
 Jonouchi went over to  Kame Game  for a while to get Yugi's opinion on his new Deck. As he went home, he was approached by three Rare Hunter Ghouls. Disliking the organization he accepted  a Duel  with  one of them  hoping to take them down. Jonouchi seemed to be winning for the first few turns. However his opponent had three copies of each " Exodia " component in his Deck [117] , which were marked with invisible ink [119]  and managed to gather the five pieces, granting him automatic victory. [117]  The Rare Hunters proceeded to attack Jonouchi and take his "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". [120] 
 
         Jonouchi declines Dark Yugi's offer to take back " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ".     
 The tournament began the next day and Jonouchi quickly found the "Exodia" Rare Hunter outside  Coffee Prart . Dark Yugi spotted Jonouchi confronting him and challenged the Rare Hunter to  a Duel  when he heard about what happened. [120]  Jonouchi tried warning him about the Rare Hunter's Deck strategy, but Dark Yugi refused to let himself have an unfair advantage. [119]  Jonouchi watched Dark Yugi defeat the Hunter and afterwards saw the Hunter being controlled by the leader of the Ghouls,  Marik Ishtar , [121]  who told them that he had entered the tournament to collect the  Egyptian God  cards. [122] 
 Dark Yugi won back "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" through the ante rule, but Jonouchi refused to take it back without earning it first. With a  Puzzle Card , a 40 card Deck and " Time Wizard " as his rare card, he was still able to participate in the tournament. He vowed to become a true Duelist and asked Dark Yugi if he would Duel him if he did well in the tournament. [122] 
 
 
 Roba 
         Using " Roulette Spider ", Jonouchi challenges  Roba  to prove he has ESP.     
 Jonouchi spotted  Dinosaur Ryuzaki  being  defeated  by  Esper Roba . As Roba looked his next opponent, Ryuzaki warned Jonouchi that he would not be able to defeat Roba as he was said to have  ESP  and was capable of predicting opponents' strategies. However Jonouchi refused to pass up on any opponent and challenged Roba to  a Duel . [122]  They waged a Puzzle Card each and Jonouchi's " Time Wizard " for Roba's " Jinzo ". Ryuzaki demanded to know what happened to the " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". Jonouchi replied that someone stole it because he screwed-up and although he got it back, his "rival" was holding onto it for him. [123] 
 Jonouchi thought that Roba used ESP to destroy his " Giltia the D. Knight " before realizing he had forgotten about the  Super Expert Rules  and a  sacrifice  had been required to play that card. [123]  Roba could tell what cards Jonouchi had, because he had his brothers spying on his hand. [124]  Jonouchi realized something was up when Roba incorrectly predicted Jonouchi's " Skull Dice " was " Graceful Dice ". Jonouchi was able to use this error to his advantage in the Duel. He also figured that Roba had someone spying on him, because to an onlooker the portion of "Skull Dice" that was visible made it look like "Graceful Dice". [123]  Roba stopped relying on his brothers from that point and Summoned "Jinzo". [124]  Jonouchi used " Roulette Spider " on "Jinzo" and challenged Roba to use his alleged ESP tell the roulette when to stop such that it would attack make "Jinzo" attack Jonouchi. However he made it attack his own " Reflect Bounder ", causing both monsters to be destroyed. This left Roba open for a  direct attack , allowing Jonouchi to defeat him with " Baby Dragon ". [125] 
 Roba broke down after the Duel and asked if everyone else enjoyed looking down on him. Jonouchi told him that nobody there thought he was a loser and that he shouldn't be so hard on himself. After his brothers appeared, Roba admitted Jonouchi was right and handed him "Jinzo" and a Puzzle Card. [126] 
 
 
 Haga 
         Jonouchi catches  the thief .     
 Jonouchi went to the  Beef Buster  for lunch, where his Duel Disk kept hitting off the customer next to him as he ate. He refused to take it off when the customer complained, but the staff who had given him complimentary pickles told him not to bother the other customers. When he took it off,  a boy  working for  Insector Haga  swiped it and inserted the card " Parasite Paracide " into his Deck as he ran away with it. Jonouchi managed to catch the boy and met up with Anzu,  Bakura  and  Sugoroku  as he did so. The boy lied that he had only tried to steal the Duel Disk temporarily so he could win his own Duel Disk back from someone who had stolen it. Jonouchi offered to help the boy, who left to get the person who stole his Duel Disk. While the others asked Jonouchi if he could trust this boy, he said to have faith and told them about how he was fighting to give Shizuka courage. Haga, who wanted to beat Jonouchi to coax Yugi into a Duel appeared as Jonouchi's opponent. [118]  They wagered two Puzzle Cards and their rare card. [127] 
 
         Jonouchi and  Haga 's  Duel .     
 Jonouchi drew the "Parasite Paracide" during  the Duel , which infected his monsters making them  Insect -Type [127]  and ineligible as  Sacrifices . As other consequences, he couldn't attack when Haga had " Insect Barrier " in play and his monsters strengthened Haga's " Insect Queen ". Jonouchi was able to get at Haga's Life Points by using " Magic Arm Shield " to make "Insect Queen" attack  her own egg [128]  and attacking another egg with " Gearfried the Iron Knight " who was immune to the parasite. Finally Jonouchi used " Graverobber " on Haga's " Insecticide " to kill "Insect Queen" and attacked him directly with "Gearfried".
 The rare card that Jonouchi took was "Insect Queen". [129]  Afterwards Bakura pointed out that both cards Jonouchi won through the ante rule, " Jinzo " and "Insect Queen", were weird and scary. Jonouchi thought he was being insulted at first, but Bakura said he loved grotesque cards and wished he had them in his Deck. Jonouchi was surprised Bakura had a Deck and was afraid on hearing it was an Occult Deck. [130] 
 
 
 Kajiki 
 Jonouchi used the Duelist Search Sensor in his Duel Disk to locate a Duelist at  Domino City Aquarium . Bakura got separated from the group as Jonouchi, Anzu and Sugoroku ran there. Unbeknownst to the others  Marik Ishtar  had a  Rare Hunter  watching them.  Ryota Kajiki  turned out to be the Duelist. He laughed at Jonouchi thinking he stood a chance against his Sea Deck, but accepted the challenge. Jonouchi bet two Puzzle Cards, along with "Jinzo" and "Insect Queen" and Kajiki bet two Puzzle Cards, along with " Leviathan " and " Fortress Whale ". The others at the aquarium were waiting to see a killer whale show and thought  the Duel  must be an opening act. [130] 
 
         Jonouchi  Duels  Kajiki.     
 Jonouchi forget to take the " Parasite Paracide " out of his Deck and it infected his monsters again, until Kajiki destroyed it with " Torrential Tribute ". [130]  Kajiki was initially disappointed by Jonouchi's poor moves and said he found it disrespectful to the opponent if a player does not give their all. Jonouchi began to put up a better fight from then on. [131]  Kajiki's " Umi " prevented monsters incapable of swimming from attacking. However Jonouchi  fused  " Alligator Sword " into " Alligator Sword Dragon " allowing it to fly across the water and attack Kajiki. Kajiki used " Tornado Wall " to block further attacks. Kajiki used his Sea Stealth strategy to hide his monsters in the water and also Summoned "Fortress Whale". [132]  He used his hidden monster, " Legendary Fisherman " to beat Jonouchi's monsters, allowing "Fortress Whale" to attack directly. Jonouchi used " Magic Arm Shield " to expose "Legendary Fisherman" and make "Fortress Whale" attack it. Jonouchi used " Kunai with Chain " to allow "Panther Warrior" to swing across the water onto "Fortress Whale" [133] . He equipped "Panther Warrior" with " Lightning Blade ", striking his sword embedded in "Fortress Whale" with lightning, killing it and causing it to fall into the water, electrocuting Kajiki's other monsters. Kajiki used " Return of the Doomed " to bring back a monster which hid in the water. Jonouchi used " Giant Trunade " to remove "Umi" and was surprised to see that he brought back "Legendary Fisherman" rather than "Fortress Whale". "Panther Warrior" attacked and destroyed "Legendary Fisherman", winning the Duel for Jonouchi. [134] 
 Jonouchi questioned Kajiki's decision to revive "Legendary Fisherman" rather than the stronger "Fortress Whale". Kajiki insisted it didn't matter, but Jonouchi refused to accept a victory when his opponent threw the game. Kajiki explained that "Legendary Fisherman" was his trump card, which he always fights alongside because of its resemblance to  his father  and he couldn't leave it in his Graveyard. Kajiki thought he was being silly, but Jonouchi said he would have done the same thing. Kajiki tried giving Jonouchi "Legendary Fisherman" instead of "Leviathan" as it was his most valuable card. At first Jonouchi couldn't accept because of its sentimental value, but Kajiki assured him that if his father would think he was putting too much faith in a card and that his father will always fight by his side even without the card. [135] 
 
 Possessed by Marik 
         Marik  befriends Jonouchi and Anzu, through his alter ego, "Namu".     
 Jonouchi was about to use his Puzzle Cards to find the location of the finals, but he, Anzu and Sugoroku were interrupted by the sight of Bakura wounded and being helped walk by  Marik . Marik lied that his name was "Namu" and he had found Bakura lying on the street. Two guys tried picking a fight with Bakura over him stealing a Duel Disk and hit Marik as he tried defending Bakura, but Jonouchi proceeded to beat up the two attackers. Sugoroku took Bakura to the hospital afterwards and Jonouchi thanked Marik for his help. Marik was also a contestant in Battle City. Pretending to not be very good, he said he hoped he wouldn't Duel Jonouchi  [135]  and asked him for Dueling advice. [136] 
 
         Jonouchi, possessed by Marik, dueling the Yugis.     
 Using the  Millennium Rod , Marik possessed Jonouchi and Anzu and brought them  Domino Pier . He gave Jonouchi the incentive to kill Yugi and had Ghouls fill Jonouchi's Deck with direct damage  Spell Cards , which were  Forbidden  in the tournament. [137]  After Dark Yugi and Kaiba arrived, Jonouchi led Dark Yugi to the  Arena of Death  for a Duel with Marik threatening to have Anzu commit suicide if Dark Yugi didn't comply. Dark Yugi and Jonouchi each had a hand chained onto an anchor set to drop 15 seconds after one of them lost the Duel or forty minutes after the beginning of the Duel. When a player won, they were given access to a key and could use the fifteen seconds to uncuff themselves from the anchor. [138] 
 Jonouchi quickly gained the upperhand with his new Spell Cards. Yugi took over from Dark Yugi, believing he could get through to Jonouchi. [139]  Yugi used " Exchange " to show Jonouchi " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". Although Marik told Jonouchi to take "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", the will of Jonouchi's regular self who had promised not to take that card back until he proved himself a duelist, caused him take " Card Destruction " instead. Yugi then Summoned and attacked with "Red-Eyes". [140]  Jonouchi managed to weaken "Red-Eyes" with "Rocket Warrior" but began to feel its pain too. Yugi admitted that he couldn't bring himself to win the Duel, so he gave Jonouchi the Millennium Puzzle to stop it being dragged into the ocean. [4]  Marik then tried telling Jonouchi to throw the pieces of the Puzzle into the water, but this reminded Jonouchi of when he had done that  before  and how Yugi had protected him that day, so he disobeyed Marik again. [141] 
 In the last eight minutes of the Duel, Marik ordered Jonouchi to do nothing and wait for both players to be dragged into the water. However Yugi reminded Jonouchi of his promises to owe the Yugis one and Duel them after proving himself. Jonouchi continued the Duel and eventually drew " Meteor of Destruction " [142]  He resisted Marik's command to use it to kill Yugi for a while, but was eventually forced to use it. Fearing to see Yugi die, he managed to break Marik's hold over him. Yugi used " Mystical Rift Panel " to allow him to choose the meteor's target. He used this time to explain to what had happened and how Jonouchi overcame Marik's mind control before choosing himself as the meteor's target. Yugi told Jonouchi to take his key and save himself. However Jonouchi got "Red-Eyes" to attack himself, making the Duel a Draw and releasing Yugi's key. [143] 
 Jonouchi took off his Duel Disk and the Millennium Puzzle and then used his chain to swing over and grab Yugi's key. Both of them were dragged into the water as the anchor fell, but Jonouchi was able to uncuff Yugi. He was unable to free himself with Yugi's key, but Kaiba dropped the other key into the water to let Jonouchi save himself. Kaiba claimed that he only helped because he admired Jonouchi's stupidity in taking time to remove his Duel Disk rather than grab his own key, but secretly thought to himself that Jonouchi was finally a decent Duelist. Annoyed Jonouchi said he owed Kaiba one. [144] 
 Jonouchi returned the Millennium Puzzle to Yugi and was glad to see Anzu return to normal. Just then  Mai , Honda and  Ryuji  arrived with Shizuka. [144]  Thinking he had failed as a Duelist and was unfit to be a role model, Jonouchi didn't want Shizuka to see him. However Mai slapped him, telling him to stop being a baby. His friends reminded him of how he had fought for Shizuka. Shizuka said Jonouchi had given her more than enough courage and removed the bandages from her eyes. [145] 
 
 Prior to the finals 
 Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu, Honda, Ryuji, Shizuka and Mai all squeezed into  Mai's car  to go to  Domino Stadium  for the finals. [146] 
 Kaiba was already at the stadium as a finalist. Jonouchi, Yugi and Mai were accepted too and were surprised to see Bakura who was meant to be at the hospital arrive as another finalist. [146]  They were worried about him dueling in his condition, but Bakura insisted he was fine and grossed them out by offering to let Jonouchi touch his wound. Jonouchi asked how he had managed to get a Duel Disk, but Bakura said it was a secret. Marik, still claiming to be Namu, arrived as another finalist. Jonouchi grew suspicious of him, remembering that he was possessed by Marik not too long after meeting Namu. However Bakura thanked Marik for saving him earlier and Anzu insisted that he was their friend. Not knowing Marik had controlled them as they said that, Jonouchi thought he must have been over thinking things.  Rishid  arrived as another finalist pretending to be Marik. The  Millennium Ring  pointing to him. led Jonouchi and the others to believe he was Marik. The group was notified that the finals were going to take place in the sky as the  Battle Ship  blimp arrived. [147] 
 When they boarded the blimp, much to Jonouchi's dismay, Anzu, Honda, Shizuka and Ryuji all went into his room. He unsuccessfully tried to tell all of them bar Shizuka to leave. He got mad at Honda for respecting that Yugi needed time to prepare, but not him and saying that Yugi was the favorite to win rather than him. However he thanked Honda for bringing Shizuka to him. [148] 
 
 Dark Yugi and Dark Bakura 
 Jonouchi watched  Yugi and Bakura's Duel . After learning that Bakura had been possessed by  Dark Bakura  again, Jonouchi gave a brief explanation of what the  Millennium Items  are and how they sometimes possess evil minds to Marik, who was still in the guise of Namu. [149] 
 Jonouchi saw " Slifer the Sky Dragon " for the first time during the Duel and witnessed Marik's plan to have Dark Yugi lose by endangering Bakura's life. However Dark Bakura intervened and Dark Yugi won. [150]  This further fueled Jonouchi's hatred of Marik, whom he still believed Rishid to be. [151] 
 
 Rishid 
 In the second quarter final, Jonouchi was matched up against Rishid, who claimed to be Marik. [151]  Jonouchi declared that he would defeat his opponent on the eleventh turn, with Shizuka being the only one to believe this prediction. As the Duel took place on  top of the blimp , Jonouchi's cards almost blew away, but he managed to catch them. [152] 
 Rishid began with " Royal Temple " and  Seting  a number  Trap Cards . Jonouchi held off from attacking for a few turns and used " Giant Trunade ", hoping to clear the Traps and attack and defeat Rishid with the monsters he'd gathered. However Rishid countered with " Judgment of Anubis ", destroying the monsters and damaging Jonouchi's Life Points. [152]  Jonouchi baited out one of Rishid's Trap Cards and determined that his Deck had little reliance on  Monster Cards . However Rishid played his " Embodiment of Apophis " cards, which doubled up as monsters [153]  and attacked, leaving Jonouchi with 50 Life Points. [154]  Jonouchi contemplated surrendering and Rishid asked why he entered the tournament. Jonouchi replied that there is someone he had to beat and that surrendering now would be disrespectful to his earlier opponents, who all fought him till the end. [154] 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Jinzo " through a combo of " Foolish Burial " and " Graverobber ", destroying all of Rishid's Trap Cards. [154]  Rishid used " Swords of Revealing Light " to hold off attacks for three turns and later Summoned " Mystical Beast Selket ", which guarded " The Sun Dragon Ra ", which he placed inside the temple's ark. [155]  "Selket" proceeded to eat Jonouchi's monsters, increasing its ATK. [156] 
 Shizuka became afraid to look, but Jonouchi insisted she be courageous to watch until the end. [156]  When Jonouchi said he would fight on despite seeming to have no chance, Rishid said he admired his fighting spirit. Jonouchi left himself open for defeat when he passed a turn. Before Rishid could use this chance, Jonouchi accused him of not being Marik, as he wasn't feeling his hatred towards Marik against Rishid, who had fought fairly. Rishid followed Marik's order to Summon "The Sun Dragon Ra" to convince everyone he was Marik. [157]  However, Rishid's "Ra" being a  counterfeit  angered Ra, who then stroke down both players.  Isono  ruled that the first to stand up would be the winner and if neither stood up within the time limit, both would be disqualified. [158] 
 While unconscious, Jonouchi dreamt he was in a classroom with his friends. There, Yugi reminded him of a  Duel Monsters  tournament at  Domino Toysaurus . After gesturing at Kaiba for insulting him, Jonouchi dropped his cards and his friends helped him pick them up. As he left the room in the dream, he regained consciousness and awoke standing up, making him the winner. [159]  Jonouchi rushed over to check on Rishid, who said he was proud to have fought Jonouchi. When asked who he was, Rishid said he was Marik's shadow and pleaded with Dark Yugi to stop Marik's other self. With Rishid unable to fight,  Dark Marik  took control of Marik and revealed himself to everyone. [159] 
 
 Mai and Dark Marik 
 Jonouchi theorized that the reason he could stand up in the last Duel while Rishid couldn't, was because he had the dream where his friends supported him, while Rishid was alone. Afterwards Mai asked Jonouchi if she was in the dream. He replied that the dream took place in the classroom, whereas Mai was too old for school and joked that she could be the teacher next time. Anzu pulled Jonouchi aside after this and told him that he was "the worst". Feeling excluded, Mai reverted to her self-reliant persona. She told Jonouchi that she wasn't a soft Duelist like him and didn't need anyone cheering for her in her quarter-final against Dark Marik. [160]  Regardless Jonouchi and the others showed up to support her, insisting that she was their friend. [161] 
 Dark Marik turned  the Duel  into a  Shadow Game . Jonouchi realized he couldn't talk Mai out of accepting and encouraged her to win. [161]  He witnessed the  Sphere Mode  of " The Sun Dragon Ra " as Mai attempted to Summon it without knowledge of the hieratic text. [162]  When Dark Marik took back control of "Ra" and declared an attack on Mai, whom he held in place by his other cards, Jonouchi ran onto the field and tried to free her. He was about to be hit by the blast from by "Ra", but Dark Yugi stood between them and took the attack on his back. [163] 
 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 Battle Royal 
 Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi and Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi and Dark Marik 
 Aftermath 
 Pharaoh's Memory 
   This section is  missing information  from from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  volumes 1 to 7. 
 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
         Jonouchi and his friends, discussing their futures     
 In the advent of their high school graduation, Jonouchi and his friends,  Yugi ,  Anzu ,  Honda  and  Bakura  discussed their plans for the future. Jonouchi wished to become a professional Duelist, but needed to repair his  Duel Disk  first. The friends then noticed the new student,  Aigami , but failed to struggled to remember who he was at first. After school, Jonouchi noticed Yugi was thinking of  Atem  and said that it was impossible to forget him. [164] 
 Jonouchi intervened when he spotted Aigami, being harassed by  Scud  and  his gang . Knowing of Jonouchi's past in  Hirutani's gang , Scud dropped the matter for the time being. Aigami thanked Jonouchi and left, insisting he was okay. [164] 
 
         Jonouchi, in costume, handing out balloons     
 Jonouchi had a job at  Otogi's cafe , where he had to wear a dog costume and hand balloons out to customers. During his shift,  Seto Kaiba  appeared on the TV, introducing his new  Duel Disk . Jonouchi groaned that he would not be able to afford it, prompting Honda to suggest he get another part-time job. This provoked a fight between the two. Anzu tried to break them up, but Jonouchi ate her ice cream, while continuing to fight. Jonouchi's boss,  Mr. Clown , then appeared and fired him on the spot. [164] 
 Jonouchi fell asleep, during a graduation rehearsal and had a dream, where Kaiba taunted him about not being able to afford the new Duel Disk. In the dream, Jonouchi fell off a KaibaCorp blimp, causing him to fall off his chair, in reality. [164] 
 Following the rehearsal, Jonouchi and his friends were approached by Aigami, who expressed an interest in getting to know them better. The group went to  Burger World , where they told Aigami about past adventures. Jonouchi showed Aigami his Deck and two of them, Yugi and Bakura arranged to play  Duel Monsters  at  Yugi's house  later. [164] 
 
         Jonouchi, in the dissolving dimension     
 As Jonouchi, Aigami and Bakura made their way to Yugi's house, Aigami showed them his  Quantum Cube  and aggressively questioned Bakura, on learning that he once possessed the  Millennium Ring . Jonouchi tried to intervene, but was stopped by a group of children, who told him he was being an inconvenience. Jonouchi was then transported to another dimension, a world composed of his own inner-brain information. This seperated Jonouchi from accessing other people's inner-brain information. Inside of this world composed of Jonouchi's mind, he did not exist in the conciousness of the bystanders and ultimately did not exist at all as a result. The streets dissolved around him as Aigami was heard taunting him, saying a game had initiated in which Jonouchi would escape the world of his own inner-brain imagery. In Jonouchi's native world, his absence was noted when Honda found his bike and Duel disk abandoned, prompting his friends to start searching for him. In the dissolving dimension, Jonouchi tried running away from the areas that were dissolving, but fell and his body began to fade away too. However, Jonouchi was able to reach the Clock Tower where Jonouchi had  previously faced Atem after Battle City . Atem's memory still resided there, and the memory of the Clock Tower was overlapped between Atem and Jonouchi before the latter would vanish. The remaining residual consciousness of Atem was harmonized with Jonouchi’s own time-space frequency, restoring his connection with both Atem and the rest of the world.
 In a flash of light, Jonouchi then found himself back in his own world. Reunited with Yugi, Anzu and Honda, Jonouchi considered telling them about seeing Atem, but decided to focus on finding Bakura first. [164] 
 Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda witnessed Yugi defeat Aigami in a Duel at  Kaiba Land  and Bakura's ensuing return. Shortly afterwards, they watched Yugi and Kaiba Dueling Aigami, who had since become corrupted by the Millennium Ring. Following the Duel, Yugi informed them that he had seen Atem and Jonouchi mentioned seeing him too. This stirred the interest of Kaiba, who had been attempting to communicate with Atem. [164] 
 During Yugi's graduation speech, Jonouchi and Honda both cried uncontrollably. Some time after graduation, Jonouchi and his friends went to airport to say goodbye to Anzu as she left to go to the United States. [164] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 At  Duel Academy , Jonouchi was considered to be a legendary Duelist.  Jaden Yuki  thought of him,  Dark Yugi ,  Mai  and  Kaiba  when he said that he was not going to back down in his  Duel  against  Ryuga , like how the legendary Duelists never gave up. [165] 
 
 Gaming items 
 Deck 
 Initially, his Deck contained only  Monster Cards , allowing his opponents to easily defeat him.
 For  Duelist Kingdom , his monsters were mainly tough  Warrior  and  Beast-Warrior - Type  ones. Yugi gave him the cards " Time Wizard " and " Baby Dragon ", and he won " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " from  Dinosaur Ryuzaki , all of which became valuable assets.
 Having done well with his Duelist Kingdom Deck, Jonouchi planned on sticking with it. However Yugi told him that was not a good idea and that he had already come up with a strategy to combat it, so Jonouchi constructed a new Deck before  Battle City . The number of tough Warrior and Beast-Warrior monsters decreased and he added more cartoon-like Warriors and a number of luck-based cards. Throughout Battle City, he added rare cards that he won through the  ante rule . He did not use his "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" after losing it to  a Rare Hunter . Although  Dark Yugi  won it back, Jonouchi opted not to take it back until he proved himself as a Duelist.
 While possessed by  Marik Ishtar , Jonouchi's Deck was strengthened with a number of  tournament banned   Spell Cards  which directly damage the opponent and destroy monsters.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 This Deck also contains two  unnamed cards .
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Armored Lizard  | Armor Lizard (鎧蜥蜴  Āmā Rizādo ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Axe Raider   (アックス・レイダー  Akkusu Reidā ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1700 DEF   0 0 0 0 1150 
 
 
 
 
 Baby Dragon   (ベビードラゴン  Bebī Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 700 
 
 
 
 
 Battle Steer  | Bull Djinn (牛魔人  Gyū Majin ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1300 
 
 
 
 
 Flame Swordsman   (炎の剣士  Honō no Kenshi ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Garoozis   (ガルーザス  Garūzasu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Giltia the D. Knight  | Magic Knight Giltia (魔導騎士ギルティア  Madō Kishi Girutia ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1850 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Glassman   (グラスマン  Gurasuman ) 
 
 
 Level  ??? ATK   DEF   
 
 
 
 
 Karbonala Warrior   (カルボナーラ戦士  Karubonāra Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Kojikocy  | Demon Hunter (魔物の狩人  Mamono no Karyūdo ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Kung Fu Fighter Ultimator  | Grappling Warrior Ultimator (格闘戦士アルティメーター  Kakutō Senshi Arutimētā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 700 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon   (真紅眼の黒竜  Reddoaizu Burakku Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2400 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Rock Ogre Grotto #1  | Cavern Djinn - Ogre Rock (岩窟魔人オーガ・ロック  Gankutsumajin Ōga Rokku ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Swamp Battleguard  | Barbarian #2 (バーバリアン２号  Bābarian Nigō ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Tiger Axe   (タイガー・アックス  Taigā Akkusu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 ??? 
 
 
 
 
 Warrior of Gardna   (ガードナーの 戦士   Gādonā no Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 ??? DEF   0 0 0 0 0 ??? 
 
 
 
 
 Wolf   (オオカミ  Ōkami ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Salamandra   (サラマンドラ  Saramandora ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Shield and Sword  | Shield in the Right Hand, Sword in the Left Hand (右手に盾を左手に剣を  Migite ni Tate wo Hidarite ni Ken wo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Time Wizard  | Time Magician (時の魔術師  Toki no Majutsushi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Copycat  | Mimic Illusionist (ものマネ幻想師  Monomane Gensōshi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Illusion Card 
 
 
 
 
 Dragon Nails  | Claw of the Dark Dragon Tribe (闇竜族の爪  Yami Ryūzoku no Tsume ) 
 
 
 Card type  Equip Card 
 
 
 
 
 Chasm of Spikes  | Pitfall ( 落 とし 穴   Otoshiana ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Kunai with Chain  | Chain-Attached Boomerang (鎖付きブーメラン  Kusaritsuki Būmeran ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Graverobber   (墓荒らし  Haka Arashi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Whirlpool   (うずまき  Uzumaki ) 
 
 
 Card type  ??? 
 
 
 
 
 Black Skull Dragon  | Black Daemons Dragon (ブラック・デーモンズ・ドラゴン  Burakku Dēmonzu Doragon ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 3200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon   (レッドアイズ・ブラックメタルドラゴン  Reddoaizu Burakku Metaru Doragon ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2800 DEF   0 0 0 0 2400 
 
 
 
 
 Thousand Dragon   (千年竜  Sauzando Doragon ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2400 DEF   0 0 0 0 2500 
 
 
 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Alligator's Sword  | Wyvern Warrior (ワイバーンの戦士  Waibān no Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Baby Dragon   (ベビードラゴン  Bebī Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 700 
 
 
 
 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight   (鉄の騎士 ギア・フリード  Tetsu no Kishi Gia Furīdo ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Gilford the Lightning   (ギルフォード・ザ・ライトニング  Girufōdo Za Raitoningu ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1400 
 
 
 
 
 Giltia the D. Knight  | Magic Knight Giltia (魔導騎士ギルティア  Madō Kishi Girutia ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1850 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Insect Queen   (インセクト女王  Insekuto Kuīn ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2200 DEF   0 0 0 0 2400 
 
 
 
 
 Jinzo  | Android - Psycho Shocker (人造人間－サイコ・ショッカー  Jinzōningen - Saiko Shokkā ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Little-Winguard   (リトル・ウィンガード  Ritoru Wingādo ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Panther Warrior  | Jet-Black Panther Soldier - Panther Warrior (漆黒の豹戦士パンサーウォリアー  Shikkoku no Hyōsenshi Pansā Woriā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Parasite Paracide   (寄生虫パラサイド  Kiseichū Parasaido ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 500 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 300 
 
 
 
 
 Rocket Warrior   (ロケット戦士  Roketto Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1300 
 
 
 
 
 Swordsman of Landstar   (ランドスターの剣士  Randosutā no Kenshi ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 The Legendary Fisherman   (伝説のフィッシャーマン  Densetsu no Fisshāman ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1850 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Fairy Box  | Monster Box (モンスターＢＯＸ  Monsutā Bokkusu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Foolish Burial   (おろかな埋葬  Orokana Maisō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Giant Trunade  | Hurricane (ハリケーン  Harikēn ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Graceful Dice  | Angel's Dice (天使のサイコロ  Tenshi no Saikoro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Lightning Blade   (稲妻の剣  Inazuma no Ken ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Question  | Quiz (クイズ  Kuizu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Roulette Spider   (ルーレット・スパイダー  Rūretto Supaidā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Scapegoat   (スケープ・ゴート  Sukēpu Gōto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Shield and Sword  | Shield in the Right Hand, Sword in the Left Hand (右手に盾を左手に剣を  Migite ni Tate wo Hidarite ni Ken wo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Time Wizard  | Time Magician (時の魔術師  Toki no Majutsushi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Chasm of Spikes  | Pitfall ( 落 とし 穴   Otoshiana ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Kunai with Chain  | Chain-Attached Boomerang (鎖付きブーメラン  Kusaritsuki Būmeran ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magical Arm Shield  | Magic-Arm Shield (マジックアーム・シールド  Majikkuāmu Shīrudo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Skull Dice  | Demon's Dice (悪魔のサイコロ  Akuma no Saikoro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Graverobber   (墓荒らし  Haka Arashi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Alligator Sword Dragon  | Dragon-Riding Wyvern (ドラゴンに乗るワイバーン  Doragon ni Noru Waibān ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 1700 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 Brainwashed 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Alligator's Sword  | Wyvern Warrior (ワイバーンの戦士  Waibān no Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Panther Warrior  | Jet-Black Panther Soldier - Panther Warrior (漆黒の豹戦士パンサーウォリアー  Shikkoku no Hyōsenshi Pansā Woriā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Rocket Warrior   (ロケット戦士  Roketto Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1300 
 
 
 
 
 Graceful Dice  | Angel's Dice (天使のサイコロ  Tenshi no Saikoro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Hinotama  | Fire Ball (ファイヤー・ボール  Faiā Bōru ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Hinotama  | Fire Ball (ファイヤー・ボール  Faiā Bōru ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Meteor of Destruction  | Death Meteor (デス・メテオ  Desu Meteo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Raigeki  | Lightning Vortex (ライトニング・ボルテックス  Raitoningu Borutekkusu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magical Arm Shield  | Magic-Arm Shield (マジックアーム・シールド  Majikkuāmu Shīrudo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Skull Dice  | Demon's Dice (悪魔のサイコロ  Akuma no Saikoro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 Project R.A. 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Alligator's Sword  | Wyvern Warrior (ワイバーンの戦士  Waibān no Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Divine Knight Ishzark  | Saint Knight Ishzark (聖導騎士イシュザーク  Seintonaito Ishuzāku ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2300 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight   (鉄の騎士 ギア・フリード  Tetsu no Kishi Gia Furīdo ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Gilford the Lightning   (ギルフォード・ザ・ライトニング  Girufōdo Za Raitoningu ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1400 
 
 
 
 
 Giltia the D. Knight  | Magic Knight Giltia (魔導騎士ギルティア  Madō Kishi Girutia ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1850 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Jinzo  | Android - Psycho Shocker (人造人間－サイコ・ショッカー  Jinzōningen - Saiko Shokkā ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Little-Winguard   (リトル・ウィンガード  Ritoru Wingādo ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Panther Warrior  | Jet-Black Panther Soldier - Panther Warrior (漆黒の豹戦士パンサーウォリアー  Shikkoku no Hyōsenshi Pansā Woriā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Rocket Warrior   (ロケット戦士  Roketto Senshi ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1300 
 
 
 
 
 Swordsman of Landstar   (ランドスターの剣士  Randosutā no Kenshi ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 The Legendary Fisherman   (伝説のフィッシャーマン  Densetsu no Fisshāman ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1850 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight   ( 鋼 鉄 の 魔 導 騎 士 －ギルティギア・フリード  Kōtetsu no Madō Kishi Giruti-Gia Furīdo ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2700 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Sheep   ( 羊   Hitsuji ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Cross Shift   (クロス・シフト  Kurosu Shifuto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Extra Boost   (エクストラ・ブースト  Ekusutora Būsuto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Fairy Box  | Monster Box (モンスターＢＯＸ  Monsutā Bokkusu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Giant Trunade  | Hurricane (ハリケーン  Harikēn ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Roulette Spider   (ルーレット・スパイダー  Rūretto Supaidā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Scapegoat   (スケープ・ゴート  Sukēpu Gōto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Summon Capture   (サモン・キャプチャー  Samon Kyapuchā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Take Over   (テイク・オーバー  Teiku Ōbā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Time Wizard  | Time Magician (時の魔術師  Toki no Majutsushi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Dramatic Rescue   (救出劇  Kyūshutsugeki ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magical Arm Shield  | Magic-Arm Shield (マジックアーム・シールド  Majikkuāmu Shīrudo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Pit Trap  | Pitfall ( 落 とし 穴   Otoshiana ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Probability Change   ( 確 率 変 動   Kakuritsu Hendō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Relentless Attacks  | Repeating Attack ( 連 撃  ' ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Skull Dice  | Demon's Dice (悪魔のサイコロ  Akuma no Saikoro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Time Machine   (時の機械－タイム・マシーン  Toki no Kikai - Taimu Mashīn ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Graverobber   (墓荒らし  Haka Arashi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Spell Card 
 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 Monster Fighter 
 
 Monster World 
 
 Digital Pets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Killer Emaada 
 
 Joey 
 
 Jonouchi's Digital Pet 
 
 Games 
 Duels 
 
 
 
 
 Event
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 
 VS  —  Yugi Mutou 
 
 
 
 Lose
 
 #009 9 
 
 
 VS —  Yugi Mutou [d 1]  (×187) [59] 
 
 Duelist Kingdom  preparation
 
 Lose
 
 Off panel
 
 
 VS  —  Mai Kujaku 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #069 10 (69) ,  11 (70) 
 
 
 VS  —  Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #077 18 (77) ,  19 (78) ,  20 (79) 
 
 
 VS  —  Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Lose
 
 #085 26 (85) ,  27 (86) 
 
 
 VS  —  Ghost Kozuka 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #089 30 (89) ,  31 (90) ,  32 (91) 
 
 
 VS  —  Meikyû Brothers With —  Dark Yugi 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #092 33 (92) ,  34 (93) ,  35 (94) ,  36 (95) ,  37 (96) ,  38 (97) 
 
 
 VS  —  Keith Howard 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #119 60 (119) ,  61 (120) ,  62 (121) ,  63 (122) ,  64 (123) 
 
 
 VS  —  Yugi Mutou  (multiple times)
 
 
 
 Lose
 
 #146 87 (146) 
 
 
 VS  —  Rare Hunter 
 
 
 
 Lose
 
 #151 92 (151) 
 
 
 VS  —  Esper Roba 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Win
 
 #156 97 (156) ,  98 (157) ,  99 (158) 
 
 
 VS  —  Insector Haga 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Win
 
 #167 108 (167) ,  109 (168) ,  110 (169) 
 
 
 VS  —  Ryota Kajiki 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Win
 
 #178 119 (178) ,  120 (179) ,  121 (180) ,  122 (181) ,  123 (182) 
 
 
 VS  —  Yugi Mutou  (whilst Jonouchi was partly possessed by  Marik Ishtar )
 
 Battle City 
 
 Win [166] 
 
 #192 133 (192) ,  134 (193) ,  135 (194) ,  136 (195) ,  137 (196) ,  138 (197) ,  139 (198) 
 
 
 VS  —  Rishid 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Win
 
 #110 151 (210) ,  152 (211) ,  153 (212) ,  154 (213) ,  155 (214) ,  156 (215) ,  157 (216) ,  158 (217) 
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Yugi ,  Seto Kaiba  and  Dark Marik  ( Battle Royal )
 
 Battle City 
 
 Bottom two
 
 #119 (replace with actual number) 
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Marik 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Lose
 
 #120 (replace with actual number) 
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Yugi 
 
 
 
 Not shown
 
 #278 219 (278) 
 
 
 VS  Klamath Osler 
 Project R.A. 
 Win 
 5 
 
 
 VS  Pete Coppermine 
 Project R.A. 
 Win 
 7 
 
 
 VS  Mendo Cino 
 Project R.A. 
 Win 
 12 - 13 
 
 
 VS  Reiko Kitamori 
 Project R.A. 
 Win 
 19 - 20 
 
 
 VS  Keith Howard 
 Project R.A. 
 Win 
 33 - 36 
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Bakura 
 
 Shadow RPG 
 
 N/a [d 2] 
 
 #307   29 (307) 
 
 
 ↑   It is not specified how many of these Duels were played by Dark Yugi as opposed to Yugi. 
 
 ↑   The Duel was not completed. 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 Opponent/orchestrator
 
 Game
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 
 Street Fighter 
 
 Game of Death 
 
 Win
 
 25 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 
 Lose
 
 26 
 
 
 Johnny Gayle ,  Bob McGuire  and " name unknown "
 
 Stardust Shootout 
 
 Win
 
 29 
 
 
 Kaiba's butler 
 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 
 Win
 
 30 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Bllood puzzle 
 
 Win
 
 31 
 
 
 Chopman 
 
 Deathmatch  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 32 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Rhythm Rock 
 
 Win
 
 33 
 
 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Hiroto Honda 
 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 
 Lose
 
 41 
 
 
 Tsuruoka 
 
 Find the Keyring! 
 
 Win
 
 41 
 
 
 ZTV 
 
 The Get the Million Game 
 
 Win
 
 42 
 
 
 ZTV 
 
 Darts of Fortune 
 
 Win
 
 42 
 
 
 ZTV 
 
 The Electric Helmet 
 
 Win
 
 42 
 
 
 ZTV 
 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 
 Win
 
 42 
 
 
 Yugi Mutou 
 
 Monster Fighter  ( game )
 
 Lose
 
 43 
 
 
 Yugi Mutou 
 
 Monster Fighter  ( game )
 
 Lose
 
 43 
 
 
 Hirutani's gang 
 
 Super yo-yo 
 
 Win
 
 49 
 
 
 Dark Bakura 
 
 Monster World  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 52 ,  53 ,  54 ,  55 ,  56 ,  57 ,  58 ,  59 
 
 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 
 Four Aces 
 
 Lose
 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!  bunkoban  volume 6  character analysis tables 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 1: Character Directory" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 24.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). "Millennium Book – Chapter 1: School arc" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 38.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 136: " Yugi Fights Alone " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 4: " I Won't Lose!! " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 11: " The Wild Gang (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 42: " Get the Million!! " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   8.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 2: " Lying Eyes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 3: " Hard Beat! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 4: " Jail Break! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 5: " The False Prophet " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 6: " Into the Fire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 7: " The Face of Truth " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 8: " The Poison Man " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 12: " The Wild Gang (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 13: " The Man from Egypt (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 15: " The Other Criminal " 
 
 ↑  20.0   20.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 16: " Shadi's Challenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 18: " Second Stage " 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 19: " Final Stage " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 20: " Game Over " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 21: " Digital Pet Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 22: " American Hero (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 25: " The One-Inch Terror " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 26: " Russian Roulette " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 27: " Project Start! " 
 
 ↑  29.0   29.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 28: " Arena #1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 29: " Shooting Stardust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 30: " Don't Make a Sound! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 31: " Murderer's Mansion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 32: " Chainsaw Deathmatch!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 33: " Terror Cubed!!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 34: " Arena #2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 35: " Board Game Deathmatch " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 36: " Battle Beyond Hope " 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 40: " A Piece of His Heart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 41: " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 43: " Monster Fight!! (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 44: " Monster Fight!! (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 46: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 48: " Jonouchi!! Soul Battle!! (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑  44.0   44.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 49: " Jonouchi!! Soul Battle!! (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑  45.0   45.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 50: " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 
 ↑  46.0   46.1   46.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 51: " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 
 ↑  47.0   47.1   47.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 52: " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 53: " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 54: " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 55: " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 56: " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 
 ↑  52.0   52.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 57: " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 58: " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 
 ↑  54.0   54.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 59: " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 1: " Challenge!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 2: " Don't Draw That Card!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " 
 
 ↑  58.0   58.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 11: " Things that Don't Change " 
 
 ↑  59.0   59.1   59.2   59.3   59.4   59.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 74: " The Precious Piece " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 5: " Fate on the High Seas!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 6: " Let the Duel Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 8: " The Ultimate Great Moth " 
 
 ↑  63.0   63.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 10: " The Siren " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 12: " The Scourge of the Sea " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 14: " The Thief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 17: " The Legendary Dragon " 
 
 ↑  68.0   68.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 17: " The Legendary Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 19: " I Won't Lose! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 20: " The Ticking Clock! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 21: " The Night Intruder " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 25: " A Storm in the Kingdom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 26: " Duelist's Honor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 27: " The Secret Weapon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 28: " The Terror of Pegasus! " 
 
 ↑  76.0   76.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 29: " The Lurking Duelists " 
 
 ↑  77.0   77.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 30: " Duel Without End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 31: " Call of the Grave " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 32: " Death to the Undead! " 
 
 ↑  80.0   80.1   80.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 33: " Enter the Labyrinth! " 
 
 ↑  81.0   81.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 34: " Arena #2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 35: " The Magic of the Maze! " 
 
 ↑  83.0   83.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 36: " The Terror of the Dungeon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 37: " The Deadly Guardian!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 38: " The Final Card " 
 
 ↑  86.0   86.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 39: " Choose Wisely! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 40: " The Last Piece " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 41: " Duel Disk Battle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 46: " No Mercy " 
 
 ↑  90.0   90.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 47: " Another Kind of Courage " 
 
 ↑  91.0   91.1   91.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 48: " To the Castle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 49: " The First Stages of Fear! " 
 
 ↑  93.0   93.1   93.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 52: " The Promise " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 53: " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 54: " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 55: " The Bewitching Mai " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 57: " Find Yourself! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 59: " The Legendary Swordsman " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 60: " Because We're Friends " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 61: " Heavy Metal Raiders " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 62: " Rise of the Machines " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 63: " Betting to Win! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 64: " The Final Turn! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 65: " Its Time! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 66: " Seen Through!? " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 67: " The Perfect Defense " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 69: " The Downfall of Toon World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 71: " Heart to Heart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 72: " Attack of Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 73: " The Tragic Tale of the Millennium Eye " 
 
 ↑  111.0   111.1   111.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 75: " The New Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 76: " Rigged! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 77: " D.D.M.!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 83: " Solve the Puzzle!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 85: " The Room of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 86: " Chains " 
 
 ↑  117.0   117.1   117.2   117.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 92: " Rare Hunters! " 
 
 ↑  118.0   118.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 107: " Eyes that See the Future " 
 
 ↑  119.0   119.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 94: " Duel of Vengeance! " 
 
 ↑  120.0   120.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 93: " Battle City Begins! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 95: " To Destroy a Deck " 
 
 ↑  122.0   122.1   122.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 96: " Millennium Battle " 
 
 ↑  123.0   123.1   123.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 97: " Esper Roba " 
 
 ↑  124.0   124.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 98: " Psycho Deck! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 99: " A Brave Gamble! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 100: " Behold the God! " 
 
 ↑  127.0   127.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 108: " Smoothly! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 109: " Bugs! Bugs! Bugs! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 110: " Breaking the Net! " 
 
 ↑  130.0   130.1   130.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 119: " Each Other's Duel! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 120: " Full Strength!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 121: " Return of the Sea Scourge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 122: " Conquer the Sea!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 123: " A Warrior's Gamble!! " 
 
 ↑  135.0   135.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 124: " The Reason for Dueling " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 125: " Arena of Death!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 132: " The Place of Destiny " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 133: " The Unwanted Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 134: " Heart Attack!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 135: " The Card of Pride " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 137: " The Last Piece of the Puzzle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 138: " One Card of Life and Death! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 139: " Friends till the End " 
 
 ↑  144.0   144.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 140: " The Treasure " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 141: " The Courage to See " 
 
 ↑  146.0   146.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 142: " Warriors Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 143: " The Eight Finalists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 144: " The First Enemy! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 145: " The Thing in the Dark " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 149: " The Line of Fire " 
 
 ↑  151.0   151.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 150: " Jonouchi's Revenge! " 
 
 ↑  152.0   152.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 151: " The Trap in the Temple! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 152: " Death Trap World! " 
 
 ↑  154.0   154.1   154.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 153: " Those Who Inherit the Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 154: " The Unexpected Card! " 
 
 ↑  156.0   156.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 155: " The Cursed Bloodline! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 156: " The Proof of the Clan! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 157: " God's Judgement! " 
 
 ↑  159.0   159.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 158: " Darkness Awakens! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 159: " One Duelist " 
 
 ↑  161.0   161.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 160: " The Dark Game!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 163: " The Rise of Ra! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 164: " The Depths of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑  164.0   164.1   164.2   164.3   164.4   164.5   164.6   164.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 1: " A New Hero!! " 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 2: Magic & Wizards Encyclopedia" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 153.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Joey Wheeler  (Katsuya Jonouchi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Links (mind-controlled) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga   characters Duel Academy  first year students 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjume) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Other Duel Academy students 
 Zane "Kaiser" Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Seika Kohinata 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Duel Academy staff 
 Mr. Ryuga 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Midori Hibiki 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Satryr (Kabayama) 
 Duel Monster Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Light and Darkness Dragon 
 Tragoedia 
 American Duel Academy 
 Principal MacKenzie 
 David Rabb 
 Reggie MacKenzie 
 James Crocodile Cook 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Original manga  characters 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Akhenaden 
 Kalim's predecessor 
 Seto's predecessor 
 Other characters 
 Koyo Hibiki 
 Masao 
 Shido Gecko (Shido Garam) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 
 v e 
 Death-T Players 
 Dark Yugi  ( anime ) 
 Johji 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  ( anime ) 
 Hiroto Honda  ( anime ) 
 Anzu Mazaki  ( anime ) 
 Yugi Mutou  ( anime ) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Blue 
 Chopman 
 Daimon 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Mokuba Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Seto Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Bob McGuire 
 " Name unknown " 
 Games 
 Death T-1 (Stardust Shootout) 
 Death T-2 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Deathmatch 
 Death T-3 (Rhythm Rock) 
 Death T-4 (Virtual  Capsule Monster Chess ) 
 Death T-5 (Virtual  Duel Monsters ) 
 Locations 
 Dome Duel Arena 
 Horror Zone 
 Kaiba Land 
 Murderer's Mansion 
 Room of falling cubes 
 Second Arena 
 Space Zone 
 Other events 
 Kaiba Land grand opening 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 Category 
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Battle City  (manga) Participants 
 
 Ryo Bakura  and  Dark Bakura 
 Doll 
 Insector Haga 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Mask of Light 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Pandora 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rishid 
 Esper Roba 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Ryuzaki VS Esper 
 Jonouchi VS Esper 
 Kaiba VS Koji 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Jonouchi VS Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Marik (Doll) 
 Dark Yugi and Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Jonouchi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi and Kaiba VS Masks 
 Dark Bakura VS Kozuka 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai VS Dark Marik 
 Kaiba VS Ishizu 
 Battle royal 
 Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Jonouchi_manga_portal.png/revision/latest?cb=20100417163138', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Young_Shizuka_and_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171013221603', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Jonouchi-manga.png/revision/latest?cb=20080921221455', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/YGO-001_Jonouchi_and_Honda_beaten.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160427203350', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Anzu_welcomes_Yugi_and_Jonouchi_to_BW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160428224618', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/YGO-007_Jonouchi_tells_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430202627', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/YGO-008_Jonouchi%27s_test.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160501151315', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Hirutani%27s_gang.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160522201344', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/YGO-020_Jonouchi_holds_up_Anzu.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/120?cb=20100301001435', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Illusion_Jonouchi_bullying.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160704004141', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Jonouchi_VS_Street_Fighter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160724212207', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Jonouchi_poisoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160724213954', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Jonouchi%27s_sneak_attack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20161106123600', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Jonouchi_fainted.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171024205327', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/Death-T-2.3.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130606194250', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/YGO-034_Meet_Dark_Yugi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/120?cb=20110829000623', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/YGO-039_Not_alone.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100613150815', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/YGO-041_Bald.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100703020924', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/YGO-042_The_Wheel_of_Fate.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120808220633', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Monster_Fighter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026194659', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/YGO-049_Yoy-yos_snagged.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101028132942', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/YGO-049_Eat_glass.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101028132950', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/YGO-050_Quit_hogging.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101030200401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/YGO-051_Enthusiastic_Jonouchi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111208212026', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/YGO-051_Stike_Goblin.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101119000605', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/YGO-053_Miniature_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624191929', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/YGO-057_Eye_out.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/130?cb=20111211234551', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/YGO-059_Cut_in_two.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111212001953', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Jonouchi_VS_Anzu_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402013726', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/D-005_Dive.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20111217141727', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Jonouchi_VS_Mai.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160109163808', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/D-012_Meal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130703205749', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Jonouchi_VS_Ryuzaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160109163809', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/D-027_Jonouchi_VS_Kaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130516204657', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/D-029_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130524124129', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/D-038_Labyrinth_Duel.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908005212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/D-047_Take_my_Star_Chips.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121014201105', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/D-054_Sleep_talking.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140706000202', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/D-183_Mai%27s_gift.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160725203642', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/D-062_Jonouchi_VS_Keith.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130623122511', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/D-071_Mind_Scan_blocked.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120105222453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/Four_Aces_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170902114042', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2c/D-086_Jonouchi_rescues_Yugi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121109221404', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/D-093_Exodia.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120108173358', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/D-096_Decline.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120108174151', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/Roulette_Spider_Jinzo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20160101032439', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/D-107_Thief_caught.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121109222354', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/D-109_Duel.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20121109223137', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/D-121_Kajiki_VS_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130703203631', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/D-124_I_hope_we_can_be_friends.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120128214754', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/D-133_Let%27s_Duel.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110918131146', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Yugi_and_friends_discuss_their_futures.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160430235426', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Jonouchi_handing_out_balloons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20170817184628', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Jonouchi_in_the_dissolving_dimension.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160430235423', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Joey Wheeler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX manga characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters