Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Brotherhood_of_the_Fire_Fist_-_Eagle


 
 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle 炎 星 仙 －ワシンジン 
 
 English 
Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle 
 French 
 Confrérie du Poing de Feu - Aigle Check translation 
 German 
 Bruderschaft der Feuerfaust - Adler Check translation 
 Italian 
 Fratellanza del Pugno di Fuoco - Aquila Check translation 
 Korean 
 염성선－와신진 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Irmandade do Punho de Fogo - Águia Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Hermandad del Puño de Fuego - Águila Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 えんせいせん－ワシンジン Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 炎星仙－ワシンジン Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Enseisen - Washinjin 
 Japanese (translated) 
Flame Star Hermit - Washenren 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 FIRE   
 Types 
 Beast-Warrior  /  Link  /  Effect 
 Link Arrows 
 Bottom-Left   ,  Bottom-Right   
 ATK  /  LINK 
 1700  /  2 
 Passcode 
 46241344 
 Materials 
2 Beast-Warrior Monsters 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Condition 
 Continuous 
 Ignition 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
2  Beast-Warrior   monsters You can only  Special Summon  "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle(s)"  once per turn . You can  activate  " Fire Fist "  monsters' effects  without  sending  " Fire Fist " or " Fire Formation " card(s) from your  hand  or  field  to the  GY . You can  target  1 "Fire Formation"  Spell / Trap  you  control  or in your GY;  return  it to the hand, then send 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your  Deck  to the GY. You can only use this  effect  of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle" once per turn. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 2 monstres Bête-Guerrier Vous ne pouvez Invoquer Spécialement un ou plusieurs "Confrérie du Poing de Feu - Aigle" qu'une fois par tour. Vous pouvez activer les effets des monstres "Poing de Feu" sans envoyer une ou plusieurs cartes "Poing de Feu" ou "Formation Feu" depuis votre main ou Terrain au Cimetière. Vous pouvez cibler 1 Magie/Piège "Formation Feu" que vous contrôlez ou dans votre Cimetière ; renvoyez-le à la main, puis envoyez 1 monstre "Poing de Feu" depuis votre Deck au Cimetière. Vous ne pouvez utiliser cet effet de "Confrérie du Poing de Feu - Aigle" qu'une fois par tour. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 2 Ungeheuer-Krieger-Monster Du kannst nur einmal pro Spielzug einen oder mehr „Bruderschaft der Feuerfaust - Adler“ als Spezialbeschwörung beschwören. Du kannst die Effekte von „Feuerfaust“-Monstern aktivieren, ohne „Feuerfaust“- oder „Feuerformation“-Karten von deiner Hand oder Spielfeldseite auf den Friedhof zu legen. Du kannst 1 „Feuerformation“-Zauber/Falle wählen, den oder die du kontrollierst oder in deinem Friedhof; gib ihn oder sie auf die Hand zurück, dann lege 1 „Feuerfaust“-Monster von deinem Deck auf den Friedhof. Du kannst diesen Effekt von „Bruderschaft der Feuerfaust - Adler“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 2 mostri Guerriero-Bestia Puoi Evocare Specialmente uno o più "Fratellanza del Pugno di Fuoco - Aquila" una sola volta per turno. Puoi attivare gli effetti dei mostri "Pugno di Fuoco" senza mandare carte "Pugno di Fuoco" o "Formazione di Fuoco" dalla tua mano o Terreno al Cimitero. Puoi scegliere come bersaglio 1 Magia/Trappola "Formazione di Fuoco" che controlli o nel tuo Cimitero; falla ritornare nella mano, poi manda 1 mostro "Pugno di Fuoco" dal tuo Deck al Cimitero. Puoi utilizzare questo effetto di "Fratellanza del Pugno di Fuoco - Aquila" una sola volta per turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 2 monstros Besta-Guerreira Você só pode Invocar um ou mais "Irmandade do Punho de Fogo - Águia" por Invocação-Especial uma vez por turno. Você pode ativar os efeitos de monstros "Punho de Fogo" sem enviar cards "Punho de Fogo" ou "Formação de Fogo" da sua mão ou do campo para o Cemitério. Você pode escolher 1 Magia/Armadilha "Formação de Fogo" que você controla ou no seu Cemitério; devolva-o para a mão e, depois, envie 1 monstro "Punho de Fogo" do seu Deck para o Cemitério. Você só pode usar este efeito de "Irmandade do Punho de Fogo - Águia" uma vez por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 2 monstruos Guerrero-Bestia Sólo puedes Invocar de Modo Especial uno o más "Hermandad del Puño de Fuego - Águila" una vez por turno. Puedes activar efectos de monstruos "Puño de Fuego" sin mandar al Cementerio una o más cartas "Puño de Fuego" o "Formación de Fuego" en tu mano o Campo. Puedes seleccionar 1 Mágica/Trampa "Formación de Fuego" que controles o en tu Cementerio; devuélvela a la mano, y después manda al Cementerio 1 monstruo "Puño de Fuego" en tu Deck. Sólo puedes usar este efecto de "Hermandad del Puño de Fuego - Águila" una vez por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 獣戦士族モンスター２体 自分は「炎星仙－ワシンジン」を１ターンに１度しか特殊召喚できず、その②の効果は１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：このカードがモンスターゾーンに存在する限り、自分が「炎星」モンスターの効果を発動する場合、自分の手札・フィールドの「炎星」カード及び「炎舞」カードを墓地へ送らずに発動する事もできる。②：自分のフィールド・墓地の「炎舞」魔法・罠カード１枚を対象として発動できる。そのカードを持ち主の手札に戻す。その後、デッキから「炎星」モンスター１体を墓地へ送る。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 야수전사족 몬스터 2장 자신은 "염성선－와신진"을 1턴에 1번밖에 특수 소환할 수 없으며, 그 ②의 효과는 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 이 카드가 몬스터 존에 존재하는 한, 자신이 "염성" 몬스터의 효과를 발동할 경우, 자신의 패 / 필드의 "염성" 카드 및 "염무" 카드를 묘지로 보내지 않으며 발동할 수도 있다. ②: 자신의 필드 / 묘지의 "염무" 마법 / 함정 카드 1장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 카드를 주인의 패로 되돌린다. 그 후, 덱에서 "염성" 몬스터 1장을 묘지로 보낸다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-EN016 Fists of the Gadgets Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-FR016 Fists of the Gadgets Les Poings Des Gadgets Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-DE016 Fists of the Gadgets Fists Of The Gadgets Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-IT016 Fists of the Gadgets Pugni Dei Congegni Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-PT016 Fists of the Gadgets Punhos Mecânicos Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2019-08-22 FIGA-SP016 Fists of the Gadgets Puños de los Artilugios Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2018-11-23 LVP2-JP056 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 ＬＩＮＫ　ＶＲＡＩＮＳ　ＰＡＣＫ　２ Super Rare 2018-11-23 LVP2-JP056 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 ＬＩＮＫ　ＶＲＡＩＮＳ　ＰＡＣＫ　２ Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2019-03-12 LVP2-KR056 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 링크 브레인즈 팩 ２ Super Rare 2019-03-12 LVP2-KR056 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 링크 브레인즈 팩 ２ Secret Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Supports   
 Beast-Warrior 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Fire Fist 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Fire Fist 
 Fire Formation 
 
 Actions  
 Reduces costs 
 Returns from field to hand 
 Returns from Graveyard to hand 
 Sends from Deck to Graveyard 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 2 Link Materials 
 Requires Type specific Link Materials 
 Special Summon once per turn 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 14202 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Fire Fist " 「 炎 星 」 Members 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Bear Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Boar Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Cardinal Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Caribou Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Coyote Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Dragon Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eland Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Elephant Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Gorilla Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Hawk Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Horse Prince Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Kirin Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Lion Emperor Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Raven Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rhino Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rooster Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Snake Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Spirit Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swallow Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swan Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Wolf 
 Support 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Boar Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Cardinal Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Caribou Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Dragon Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eland Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Elephant Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Hawk Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Kirin Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rhino Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rooster 
 Fire Formation - Domei Fire Formation - Ingen Fire Fortress atop Liang Peak Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito Ultimate Fire Formation - Sinto 
 
   
" Fire Formation " 「 炎 舞 」 Members 
 Fire Formation - Domei Fire Formation - Gyokkou Fire Formation - Ingen Fire Formation - Kaiyo Fire Formation - Tenken Fire Formation - Tenki Fire Formation - Tensen Fire Formation - Tensu Fire Formation - Yoko Fire Fortress atop Liang Peak Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito Ultimate Fire Formation - Sinto 
 Support 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Bear Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Boar Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Cardinal Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Caribou Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Coyote Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Dragon Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eland Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Elephant Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Gorilla Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Hawk Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Kirin Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Raven Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rhino Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rooster Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Snake Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swallow Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swan Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Wolf 
 Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito Ultimate Fire Formation - Sinto 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/BrotherhoodoftheFireFistEagle-FIGA-EN-ScR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20191007092113', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/FIRE.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918053839', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/LM-BottomLeft.png/revision/latest?cb=20170326055136', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards