Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Charlie_McCay

For other versions of this character, see  Charlie McCay (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Charlie McCay 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Charlie McCay 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Charlie McCoy 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 チャーリー・マッコイ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 May  (niece) 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Die roll 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Ryan Stadler 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Daisuke Hirakawa 
 
 
 
 Charlie McCay , known as  Charlie McCoy  in the Japanese version, is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He is a gambler, often relying on luck to win.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Voice/Mannerisms 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   World Duel Carnival 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Kari Tsukumo 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Charlie's catchphrase in the Japanese and English dub is "Life is a carnival". He also insists that his luck will only run out when the sun is split in two, a reference to his " Sun Scale " card. (The dub version of the phrase is "As long as the sun that shines stays complete, I never have to fear defeat.")
 
 Biography 
 History 
 He used to be a friend/assistant of  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Kari Tsukumo 's father,  Kazuma Tsukumo  and considered him to be his idol. [1]  At one point, he kissed Kari before leaving (this scene is cut from the dub). [2] 
 
 World Duel Carnival 
       Charlie's first appearance.     
 Charlie made his first appearance at a terminal of some sort, reading his  D-Pad . He later attended the opening of the  World Duel Carnival  during the same day. [3] 
 During the tournament, he stole " Number 7: Lucky Straight " from a gallery to test his own luck and strength. He relied heavily on the powers of "Number 7", through which he was able to escape from the  Heartland police , steal other cards using powerful gusts of wind, and even take over a monorail. During his  Duel  against a  WDC Duelist , he managed to get six as a die roll result five times, impressing all who were watching with his amazing luck.  Astral  even commented that he managed to do something with an incredibly small (1 out of 7776 times) chance of taking place. After his victory, he was found by Heartland security, who told him to raise his hands above his head and surrender. However, when it looked like he was about to give himself up, he used Number 7's amazing luck to escape, taking with him many people's cards, including  Yuma 's " Number 11: Big Eye ", destroying  Do! Do! Donut 's sign in the process. After he stole a monorail to get out of the city, he was located by Yuma and  Tori Meadows , who informed Kari of his whereabouts. [2] 
 
       Breaking the Life Point record.     
 He started a Duel with Yuma on top of the monorail to allow him to get his card back. He consistently rolled sixes again and increased his  Life Points  to 100,000 (a record among most characters beaten only by  Don Thousand ) with " Take a Chance ". However, he lost his luck when " Sun Scale " was  destroyed , and lost as a result. After the Duel, he gave back the cards he took, except for "Number 7". This he gave to his niece,  May , who is about to undergo a major operation. He told her to believe in Kazuma's spirit of " kattobingu ". Afterwards, he kissed Kari again, this time earning a slap (cut from the dub). He then walked away feeling his face (cut also from the dub) and said he is going on another adventure. [1] 
 
 Relationships 
 Kari Tsukumo 
 Sometime in the past, he kissed  Kari , implying that the two had been in some kind of relationship (this also marks the first time in  Yu-Gi-Oh!  history where a male character kisses a female character on the lips on screen). [2]  That scene is shortened in the dub. He later kissed her again after his Duel with  Yuma , but she slapped him (cut from the dub) and he walked away saying he is going on another adventure. 
 
 Deck 
 Charlie plays a  Die roll Deck , relying on pure chance to get good results. Many of his gamble cards put the odds very much against the user, offering a good result in only one out of six cases. However, thanks to the enormous luck afforded by his " Number ", " Number 7: Lucky Straight ", he can actually benefit from their  effects . This Deck is capable of an  OTK  involving said "Number".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dice Jar [Notes 1] 
 Dice Leveler  x3 
 Majestic Jester Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 7: Lucky Straight [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dream Dice 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 3] 
 Monster Slots 
 Release Change 
 Reload 
 Sun Scale 
 Take a Chance 
 Triple Ace 
 Traps 
 Dice Crisis 
 He also stole a bunch of cards from people who found themselves in his vicinity, including one of  Yuma 's " Numbers ", " Big Eye ". Multiple copies of most of the cards besides "Big Eye" were seen.
 
 
 Stolen cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mr. Volcano 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Red Enchanter 
 Goddess with the Third Eye 
 Gravekeeper's Descendant 
 Gravekeeper's Spy 
 Inmato 
 Marauding Captain 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Nobleman-Eater Bug 
 Reaper of the Cards 
 Shining Angel 
 Summoner Monk Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Phoenix 
 Grenosaurus 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Thunder End Dragon 
 Wind-Up Zenmaister Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Taiyou 
 Burden of the Mighty 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Polymerization 
 Rush Recklessly 
 Traps 
 Dark Shrine Bribery 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Just Desserts 
 Mirror Force 
 Nightmare Wheel 
 Secret Barrel 
 Skill Drain 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Charlie's opponent 
 31 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 32 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 32: " Life is a Carnival: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 31: " Life is a Carnival: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his Deck while using " Monster Slots " in  episode 32 . 
 
 ↑   This card was given to  his niece  upon his loss against  Yuma Tsukumo . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in the bottom of his Deck in  episode 32 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 v e 
Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) pages 
 Anime 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/CharlieMcCay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131001025943', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/CharlieMcCayForeshadowing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131022025113', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/NewRecordforthehighestLifePoints.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111122223855']
Categories: Characters, Charlie McCay pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters