Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_029


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 029 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ  ダークネス（前編） 真紅眼の黒竜 の 挑戦 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Dākunesu (Zenpen) Reddo Aizu Burakku Doragon no Chōsen 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Darkness (First Part) - Red-Eyes Black Dragon's Challenge 
 
 
 English 
 Doomsday Duel, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 029 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 20, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 30, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Seung Jin Bang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " 
 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 ", known as " VS Darkness (First Part) - Red-Eyes Black Dragon's Challenge " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 20, 2005 and in the United States on January 30, 2006.
 Chancellor Sheppard  entrusts the  keys  to the  Spirit Gates  to seven Duelists, and the struggle against the  Shadow Riders  begins.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Nightshroud - Part 1 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
       The three  Sacred Beast  cards.     
 In a dark cave in an unspecified location, a group of figures has gathered. Their leader asks who will be the first to go, and man in a dragon mask steps forward. The leader accepts this, and the man,  Nightshroud , vows not to fail, while activating a  Duel Disk . At  Duel Academy ,  Chancellor Sheppard  stands in his office, and sees a hanglider flying through the air, and believes that the conflict he'd been anticipating has begun. The hanglider lands near the island's volcano, and Nightshroud steps off of it, burning it as he walks away. Around his neck is the second half of the golden pendent that  Jaden Yuki  received from  Gravekeeper's Chief , which begins his glow. At the  Slifer Red  dorm, Jaden is asleep and his half of the pendant also begins to glow. The next day in  Professor Banner 's class, Jaden was sleeping, and wakes up when the lunch bell rings. He beings eating, but Banner informs him he'll have to wait, as Chancellor Sheppard wants to see him. He informs  Chazz Princeton ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Bastion Misawa  have also been called. He accompanies them to Sheppard's office, having also been called himself. Outside the door, they meet  Dr. Crowler  and  Zane Truesdale . They enter, and Sheppard informs them of the three  Sacred Beasts . He explains that they are powerful cards that sealed underground on the island, and that the academy was built over their resting place. The legend states that if the cards are released, a worldwide catastrophe will occur.
 
       The seven  Spirit Keys  in their container.     
 Sheppard reveals that a group of people wishing to release the cards have appeared, calling themselves the  Shadow Riders . Their identities are unknown, but one of them has already arrived on the island. Sheppard explains that the cards are sealed behind seven pillars known as the  Spirit Gates , and each can only be opened with one of the  Spirit Keys . He takes out a black box and opens it, revealing the seven keys. He wants each of them to take one of the keys to protect, and explains that unless the keys are won in a Duel, they cannot open the gates. He's chosen who he considers to be the five best Duelists at the academy, in addition to two more people, as there are seven Shadow Riders. Each of them agree to take a key, and Jaden states that if were a Shadow Rider, he would target the strongest keyholder first, so he believes he'll be targeted early. Crowler believes the same, but thinks either he or Zane should be the first to Duel a Shadow Rider. He informs Jaden that he knows that Zane  defeated  him in a Duel. Chazz chimes in that he considers himself the best choice. However, Sheppard reminds them that they could be attacked at any time, so they must be careful. That night, Alexis walks towards the Slifer Red dorm, believing Jaden will be the first target, as the Riders will likely challenge who they perceive as the weakest Duelist first. Going by the system the school uses, one would assume it would be Jaden, who is recognizable as a Slifer due to his uniform, unlike Chazz. However, she appears to be too late. She reaches Jaden's room in time to be transported along with him to the island's volcano, with a platform of light being the only thing separating them from the lava. A dragon made of fire flies from the lava and crashes into the platform. Out of the fire steps Nightshroud, who reveals he has both Syrus and Chumley encased in an orb of light over the lava. It will eventually dissipate, so Jaden must Duel him to save them. He reveals that this will be a  Shadow Game  and takes out a seemingly  blank card , stating that the loser's soul will be  trapped inside . Jaden thinks back to  his   previous  Shadow Games, and believes he can win this one as well.
 The Duel begins, and Nightshroud Summons " Troop Dragon " in  Defense Position  and then  Sets  a card. Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", who attacks and  destroys  "Troop Dragon", whose effect activating, letting Nightshroud  Special Summon  another "Troop Dragon" from his  Deck  in Defense Position. Nightshroud begins his turn, and activates his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to Special Summon "Troop Dragon" from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . He  Tributes  both of his "Troop Dragons" to Summon " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " in Attack Position. The fire dragon from earlier bursts from the lava and flies by the light orb that Syrus and Chumley are encased him. Chumley tests the integrity of the orb, and his hand eventually goes right through it. The barrier is starting to weaken. The fire dragon hits the field, and morphs into "Red-Eyes", who attacks and destroys "Wildheart". Jaden draws, and then activates " Polymerization ", fusing the " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " from his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " in Defense Position. Her effect permits her to attack  directly  while in Defense Position, though the attack power is halved, which Jaden activates now. Nightshroud activates " Inferno Fire Blast ", which inflicts the attack points of "Red-Eyes" to Jaden as damage, at the cost of "Red-Eyes" being unable to declare an attack this turn. This reduces Jaden to 700  Life Points . Nightshroud then Summons " Attachment Dragon ", which he is able to  equip  to Jaden's "Rampart Blaster", forcing her into Attack Position. The barrier around Syrus and Chumley is weakening further, and they nearly fall out of the hole in one side of it. With the hole there, they can now feel the heat of the fire dragons and lava around them.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Nightshroud - Part 1 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws " Troop Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (700/800) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Wildheart " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1600) in  Attack Position . "Wildheart" attacks and  destroys  "Troop Dragon" Since "Troop Dragon" was  destroyed in battle , its effect activates, allowing Nightshroud to  Special Summon  another "Troop Dragon" (700/800) from his  Deck  in Defense Position.
 Turn 3: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws. He then  activates  his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to Special Summon "Troop Dragon" (700/800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Nightshroud then  Tributes  his two "Troop Dragons" in order to Tribute Summon " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. Since "Troop Dragon" has been removed from the field, "Call of the Haunted" is destroyed. "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" attacks and destroys "Elemental Hero Wildheart" (Jaden 4000 → 3100).
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " with " Elemental HERO Clayman " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in Defense Position. Since "Rampart Blaster" is in face-up Defense Position, Jaden uses the effect of "Rampart Blaster" to let it attack directly, however its ATK is halved during  damage calculation  ("Rampart Blaster": 2000 → 1000/2500). The attacks hits Nightshroud (Nightshroud 4000 → 3000). After damage calculation, the ATK of "Rampart Blaster" returns to its original value ("Elemental Hero Rampart Blaster": 1000 → 2000/2500).
 Turn 5: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws " Inferno Fire Blast " and subsequently activates it to target his "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and inflict damage to Jaden equal to the original ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (Jaden 3100 → 700), however "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" will be forbidden from attacking this turn. Nightshroud then Normal Summons " Attachment Dragon " (100/100) in Attack Position. Since "Attachment Dragon" was summoned, its first effect activates, allowing Nightshroud to equip it onto "Rampart Blaster". Nightshroud then activates the second effect of "Attachment Dragon" to switch "Rampart Blaster" to Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The English version cuts several brief scenes after the opening credits: in the first scene  Kagemaru  and  Shadow Riders  have a meeting in an underground cave, and in the second  Asuka  and  Kaiser  notice  Darkness ' hanglider arrive.
 In the Japanese version,  Cronos  accepts his  Spirit Key  and tells  Samejima  that he should not have informed the students what they'll be facing, as it could frighten them. In the English version, Crowler accepts the key and jokes that in addition to saving the world, he gets a "posh piece of jewelery", to which Sheppard jokes he's glad Crowler is doing it for a good reason.
 In the Japanese version, there is a scene in which  Judai  talks with  Sho  and  Hayato  about the  Spirit Keys . The topic eventually turns to Kaiser, and there is considerable confusion. Sho usually addresses Judai as "aniki", which means "big brother". Judai suggested they wait for someone to challenge Sho's aniki, however, he was talking about Sho's actual older brother, Kaiser, whom Sho usually addresses as "nii-san". In the English version, they simply talk about how nervous Jaden should be about facing the Shadow Riders.
 As Darkness introduces himself in the Japanese version, he reveals that light of his half of the  Shadow Charm  pendent was what led him to Jaden. In the English version, he states that "the  Gravekeeper  must be getting sloppy" to have lost to Jaden.
 
 Trivia 
 When Jaden announces to Syrus and Chumley that he's going to bed, Syrus, worried, asks: "What if a shadow rider shows?", Jaden responds saying, "I'm sure they'll wake me up"; he is right, because as Chancellor Shepard said, the keys can't just be stolen they have to be won in a duel in order to open one of the spirit gates, so therefore the Shadow Rider would have to wake Jaden up in order to duel him. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Nightshroud Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Attachment Dragon 
 Troop Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Inferno Fire Blast 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted Other   *  Soul Prison 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Gravekeeper's Curse 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier 
 Malice Doll of Demise Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ectoplasmer 
 Necrovalley 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/Series029.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729151603', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Rise_of_the_Sacred_Beasts_arc.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080902212802', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/SpiritKeys.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070813155647', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes