Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yuto_(Duel_Links)


 
 Yuto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yuto 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Manpei Takagi 
 
 
 
 Yuto  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yuto , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on January 24, 2022. He officially became an unlockable character on January 26th, 2022, in his own dedicated event "The Dark Duelist of Xyz: Yuto".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Level 50 
 3.7   Special Event 
 3.8    Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Duel Rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuya Sakaki 
 7.1.2   Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 10   Notes 
 
 
 Description 
 It's easy to mistake this Duelist from the Xyz Dimension with Yuya because they look almost exactly alike. He travels to the Standard Dimension to search for Lulu, who was abducted by Duel Academy. After he loses a Duel against Yugo, Yuto is surprisingly absorbed into Yuya. Yuto gives Yuya "Dark Rebelion Xyz Dragon" and reminds him to keep Dueling to make people smile.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Yuto Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Swordstalker 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x3 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Vishwar Randi  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark Mambele 
 Sword of Deep-Seated  x2 
 Traps 
 Shield Spear 
 Level 10 
 
 I Don't Wanna Harm Anyone Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Kageningen  x3 
 Skull Stalker  x3 
 Swordstalker 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x2 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x2 
 Vishwar Randi  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Traps 
 The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 No Place for the Meek Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Fiend Sword  x2 
 Succubus Knight 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Queen's Double  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells  (1) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Traps 
 The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets 
 The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil 
 The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Fang of Rebellion Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fiend Sword  x2 
 Headless Knight  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves 
 The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Phantom Knights' Spear 
 Traps 
 Phantom Knights' Wing 
 The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets 
 The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws 
 The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil 
 The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield  x2 
 Level 40 
 [Notes 1] 
 
 
 The Invincible Phantom Knights Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm 
 The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (7) 
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Phantom Knights' Spear 
 Traps 
 Booby Trap E 
 Phantom Knights' Sword 
 Phantom Knights' Wing 
 The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets 
 The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws 
 The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil 
 The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield 
 Level 50 
 
 Mauling Mandible Charge Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm 
 The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales Extra Deck  (12) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Phantom Knights' Spear 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Booby Trap E 
 Phantom Knights' Fog Blade 
 Phantom Knights' Wing 
 The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine 
 Special Event 
 Skill: "Phantom Strategy" (Send 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Phantom Knights' Fog Blade" to the very bottom of your Deck from outside your Deck. During the turn you activate this Skill, you cannot Special Summon Rank 4 or above monsters unless they are DARK Warrior-Type or DARK Dragon-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.)
 
 
 Xyz Monster's True Power Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm 
 The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Phantom Knights' Spear 
 Traps 
 Booby Trap E 
 Phantom Knights' Sword  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil 
  Tag Duel Tournament 
 Skill: "Let Me End Your Suffering" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. Then, attach 2 banished "The Phantom Knights" cards or "The Phantom Knights" cards in your Deck/Graveyard as Xyz Materials. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.)
 
 
 This Is How I Battle Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor 
 The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves 
 The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin Spells  (2) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Phantom Knights' Spear 
 Traps 
 Phantom Knights' Fog Blade  x2 
 Phantom Knights' Sword 
 Phantom Knights' Wing 
 The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yuto, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Phantom Knights' Wing "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Phantom Knights' Sword "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Phantom Knights' Spear "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Final Gesture " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fusion Sword Murasame Blade " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Intrigue Shield "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Swordstalker "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Sword of Deep-Seated "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Armor Break "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Unknown Warrior of Fiend "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Fiend Sword "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yuto)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yuto)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves "
 
 
 11
 
 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Phantom Strategy (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yuto)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Fang of Rebellion: Dark Rebellion
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 "The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil" to your Deck and 1 "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effect can be activated if the only monster you control is 1 "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" and your opponent controls a monster with higher ATK. Selects up to 2 cards in your hand and attach them to your "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" as Xyz Materials. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Spell/Trap in your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Phantom Strategy
 
 Send 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Phantom Knights' Fog Blade" to the very bottom of your Deck from outside your Deck. During the turn you activate this Skill, you cannot Special Summon Rank 4 or above monsters unless they are DARK Warrior-Type or DARK Dragon-Type monsters. This Skill can be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains no monsters other than DARK Warrior-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Phantom Knights Resurrected
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Return up to 2 cards from your hand to your Deck. Then, select that same number of "The Phantom Knights" Trap Card(s) in your Graveyard that are treated as monsters when activated. Any card you select is treated as having its effect activated and is played to your Monster Zone as a monster. ("The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws" is treated as a Level 4 monster.) This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below.
 Your Deck contains no cards other than "The Phantom Knights" monsters or "Phantom Knights" Spells/Trap Cards. 
 Your Extra Deck contains no monsters other than "The Phantom Knights" monsters or "Xyz Dragon" monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Phantom Regenerate
 
 Select up to 2 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard and then attach them to 1 "Xyz Dragon" monster on your field as Xyz Material(s). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Phantom Trade
 
 Send 1 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap Card from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that includes at least 1 monster and contains no monsters other than "The Phantom Knights" monsters. The Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Phantom Knights Order
 
 Can be used on turn 2 onward. Select up to 2 "The Phantom Knights" monsters on your field that have a Level. When Xyz Summoning a monster using these "The Phantom Knights" monsters as Xyz Materials during this turn, you can use them as Level 2-4 monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Trap Monsters
 
 The ATK/DEF of Trap Cards on your field that are treated as monsters increases by 300.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Xiangke and Xiangsheng
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add Pendulum Zones to your field. The following effect can be used once per Duel. Add 1 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster with 2500 ATK or lower from your hand to your Extra Deck face-up, and place 1 " Xiangke Magician " and 1 " Xiangsheng Magician " to your Pendulum Zones from your hand/Deck. Then, change the Pendulum Scale of "Xiangsheng Magician" in your Pendulum Zone to 8. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 5 Level 4 and 5 Level 7 monsters and contains no monsters other than "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monsters, or "Magician" Pendulum Monsters.
 
 Mission
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 4 or lower monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Removal
 
 Send all Xyz Materials for 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuya Sakaki , Yuto announces "Dark Rebellion and I will fight you together!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yuto says "This is the power of my Dark Rebellion!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yuto says "Always remember to keep the world entertained and smiling." 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 When starting a duel against  Zuzu Boyle , Yuto announces "Lay down your Duel Disk, or you'll force me to Duel."
 When he wins a Duel against Zuzu Boyle, Yuto says "I do admire your desire to help your friends." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yuto summons " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon  he chants " Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective! " followed by " I Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuto briefly appears, and he announces "Rise up! Rank 4 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon! Mauling Mandible Charge!" 
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Dark Rebellion's effect! Treason Discharge!"
 He announces this despite the cost to activate Dark Rebellion's effect being 2  Xyz Materials  rather than 1. 
 When Yuto summons " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", he chants " Dragon with raging eyes, conquer all that stand against you! I Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuto briefly appears, and he announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon!"
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon! Sweeping Static Strike!" 
 When he uses the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When he uses the first effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon activates its effect! Overload Howling!" 
 When he uses the second effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon activates its effect!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Break Sword ", he chants " The souls of the fallen rise to fight again! " followed by " I Xyz Summon! " Then, a cut-in frame of Yuto's face briefly appears, and he announces "Rank 3 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword!"
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Break Sword! Smash 'em into pieces!" 
 When he uses the effects of that monster, Yuto announces ""Break Sword's effect activates!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin ", he chants " Presenting a warrior who's bad to the bone! " followed by " I Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuto's f briefly appears, and he announces "Rank 2 The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces ""I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Cursed Javelin's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Cursed Javelin! Strike 'em down!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Ancient Cloak's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Ancient Cloak attacks!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Cloven Helm's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Cloven Helm!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Fragile Armor's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Fragile Armor! Attack!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves " he announces "The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Ragged Gloves' effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Ragged Gloves!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Silent Boots' effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Silent Boots! Sneak up on 'em!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yuto activates " Booby Trap E " he announces "I activate my Trap, Booby Trap E!" 
 When Yuto activates " Emergency Provisions " he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Emergency Provisions!" 
 When Yuto activates " Mystical Space Typhoon " he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Mystical Space Typhoon!" 
 When Yuto activates " Phantom Knights' Spear " he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Phantom Knights' Spear!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces "I activate Phantom Knights' Spear's effect!" 
 When Yuto activates " Phantom Knights' Sword " he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Phantom Knights' Sword!" 
 "When Yuto activates " Phantom Knights' Wing "", he announces "I activate the Trap, Phantom Knights' Wing!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces "I activate Phantom Knights' Wing's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Dark Gauntlets!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces Dark Gauntlets's effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Dark Gauntlets, attack!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil " he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces "I play The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil from my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Shadow Veil! Charge!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield " he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces "I use The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield in my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Tomb Shield!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring!"
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Wrong Magnetring attacks!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Yuto summons " Arc Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", he announces "Arc Rebellion Xyz Dragon, soar!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Arc Rebellion's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Arc Rebellion Xyz Dragon attacks!" 
 When Yuto summons " Black Fang Magician ", he announces "Black Fang Magician!"
 When he uses the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Black Fang Magician's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Black Fang Magician's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Black Fang Magician, attack!" 
 When Yuto summons " Dark Anthelion Dragon ", he chants " The fangs of rebellion rip through the darkness! " "The conqueror of shadows! Dark Anthelion Dragon!"
 When he uses the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Dark Anthelion Dragon activates its Pendulum Effect!" 
 When he uses the first effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Dark Anthelion Dragon's effect! Fiendish Drop!" 
 When he uses the second effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Dark Anthelion Dragon's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Dark Anthelion Dragon! Absorb Eclipse!" 
 When Yuto summons " Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon ", he chants " Dragon from the bleak, black pit... rise and master the skies! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! " Afterwards, he announces "Arise, Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon!"
 When he uses the first effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon activates its effect! Requiem Retribution!" 
 When he uses the second effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Dark Requiem's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when declaring an attack with that monster, Yuto announces "Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon, attack! Dark Destruction!" 
 When Yuto summons " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon ", he chants " I join my monsters to create a dragon that's all the rage! Emerge from the fires of calamity! " Afterwards, he announces "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon!"
 When he uses the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon activates its effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Go, Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon! Infernal Fury Strike!" 
 When Yuto summons " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord ", he announces "Odd-Eyes Dragon Rebellion Dragon - Overlord!"
 When he uses the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord uses its Pendulum Effect!" 
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon - Overlord, attack!" 
 When Yuto summons " Raider's Knight ", he announces "Raider's Knight!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Raider's Knight's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Raider's Knight! Attack!" 
 When Yuto summons " Raider's Wing ", he announces "Raider's Wing!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "Raider's Wing's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Go, Raider's Wing!" 
 When Yuto summons " Smoke Mosquito ", he announces "Smoke Mosquito!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Smoke Mosquito's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Smoke Mosquito!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Rusty Bardiche's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Go, Rusty Bardiche! Attack!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Stained Greaves!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Stained Greaves's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Stained Greaves!" 
 When Yuto summons " The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales ", he announces "The Phantom Knights of Torn Scales!"
 When he uses the effect of that monster, Yuto announces "I activate Torn Scales's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Torn Scales, attack!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yuto activates " Phantom Knights' Fog Blade " he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Phantom Knights' Fog Blade!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces "Phantom Knights' Fog Blade's effect activates!" 
 When Yuto activates " Phantom Knights' Rank-Up-Magic Force " "I activate my Spell, Phantom Knights' Rank-Up-Magic Force!" 
 When Yuto activates " Raider's Unbreakable Mind ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Raider's Unbreakable Mind!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces I activate Raider's Unbreakable Mind's effect!" 
 When Yuto activates " Raidraptor's Phantom Knights Claw ", he announces "I'll use my Counter Trap, Raidraptor's Phantom Knights Claw!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Lost Vambrace ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Lost Vambrace!"
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Lost Vanbrace, attack!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces I play The Phantom Knights of Mist Claws from my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Mist Claws, slash!!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine!"
 Most of the time, when Yuto declares an attack with that card, he announces "Attack, Shade Brigandine!" 
 When Yuto activates " The Phantom Knights' Rank-Up-Magic Launch " "I activate the Phantom Knights' Rank-Up-Magic Launch!"
 When he activates the effect of that card, Yuto announces I activate Rank-Up-Magic Launch from my Graveyard!" 
 When Yuto activates " Pendulum Xyz ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Pendulum Xyz!" 
 Trivia 
 Yuto is the second Legendary Duelist to have a voice-line with a Link Monster that supports his Deck archetype (in his case, " The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche " with his " The Phantom Knights "/" Phantom Knights " Deck), the first being  Anna Kaboom  from Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Konami stated on 25th January that they will update Yuto's Level 40 Deck content to reduce the difficulty. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yuto  (Ute) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Yuto-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20220127125305', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Profile-DULI-Yuto.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514000455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Icon-DULI-Yuto.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514000530', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Icon-DULI-Yuto2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514000556', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/CutIn-DULI-Yuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514000633', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Summoning-DULI-Yuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514000658', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2c/Defeat-DULI-Yuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514000717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yuto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters