Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gouki


 
 Gouki 
 剛鬼 「 ごうき 」  ( Gōki ) 
 
 
 
 
 The Gore  with " Gouki The Great Ogre " and " Suprex ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Strongre 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Gouki 
 
 
 German 
 Gouki 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gouki 
 
 
 Korean 
 강귀   Ganggwi   (romanized) Translation:  Strongre 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Gouki 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Gouki 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Code of the Duelist Circuit Break Flames of Destruction Cybernetic Horizon Dark Neostorm Eternity Code 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Star Pack VRAINS Duel Power Dawn of Majesty 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 LINK VRAINS Box LINK VRAINS Duelist Set 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gouki ", known as " Strong Oni " ( 剛 鬼   Gōki ) is the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  EARTH   Warrior   monsters  used by  George Gore (The Gore) ,  Kenmochi , and  Yoroizaka  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  (the former in Seasons 1 and 3, and the latter two in Season 2). This archetype debuted in  Code of the Duelist .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Main Deck 
 2.2   Extra Deck 
 
 
 3   Support 
 4   Playing style 
 
 4.1   Gouki-Knightmare 
 
 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Official Decklist 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 "Gouki" have wrestling themes in design and name, shown in the fact that they wear tights and golden championship belts. While each of the Main Deck monsters are based on an animal, the Extra Deck monsters are based on  Ogres  which they draw heavy elements from. Their championship belts have the face of their themed animal, and their helmets fit the theme of their animal as well. They are also suited up in padded armor and wield weapons. They possess a predominantly single colored theme. So far, the Main Deck monsters each have a primary/secondary color while the Link Monsters are a neutral color. These monsters resemble, in terms of style, the " Elemental HEROes ".
 
 Etymology 
 "Gouki" (剛鬼) can be translated as "strong ogre", but it's likely a pun on the word 剛毅  gōki  ("hardiness, manliness"). The Main Deck "Gouki" monsters are named after wrestling moves, such as  Suplex , and then their appearance is based off an animal whose name is in the wrestling move name, being based off of their respective animal, or creates a pun based off that animal's name, that phonetically sounds in their romaji, such as " Gouki Suprex " being a pun on T-Rex (SupREX).
 
 Members 
 Main Deck 
 
 
 Gouki
 
 Origin
 
 
 Animal
 
 Wrestling term
 
 
 Bearhug 
 
 Bear 
 
 Bear hug 
 
 
 Diver 
 
 -
 
 Dive/ Suicide 
 
 
 Double Impact 
 
 -
 
 Doomsday device 
 
 
 Guts 
 
 -
 
 Gutwrench 
 
 
 Headbatt 
 
 Bat 
 
 Headbutt 
 
 
 Iron Claw 
 
 -
 
 Clawhold 
 
 
 Moonsault 
 
 Rabbit 
 
 Moonsault 
 
 
 Octostretch 
 
 Octopus 
 
 Octopus stretch 
 
 
 Ringtrainer 
 
 -
 
 Manager 
 
 
 Riscorpio 
 
 Scorpion 
 
 Scorpio rising 
 
 
 Suprex 
 
 Tyrannosaurus 
 
 Suplex 
 
 
 Tagpartner 
 
 Wild boar 
 
 Double-team 
 
 
 Twistcobra 
 
 Cobra 
 
 Cobra twist 
 
 Extra Deck 
 
 
 Gouki 
 Origin
 
 
 Destroy Ogre 
 The Destroyer 
 
 
 Heel Ogre 
 Heel / Jado 
 
 
 Jet Ogre 
 Tiger Jeet Singh 
 
 
 The Blade Ogre 
 Blading 
 
 
 The Giant Ogre 
 Giant Baba 
 
 
 The Great Ogre 
 The Great Sasuke 
 
 
 The Master Ogre 
 Chris Masters 
 
 
 The Powerload Ogre 
 Rikidōzan 
 
 
 The Solid Ogre 
 The Rock 
 
 
 Thunder Ogre 
 Jyushin Thunder Liger 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Gouki Dark Mask 
 Wrestling mask 
 
 
 Gouki Cage Match 
 Steel cage 
 
 
 Gouki Face Turn 
 Face turn 
 
 
 Gouki Finishing Move 
 Hold 
 
 
 Gouki Grit 
 Grit 
 
 
 Gouki Poison Mist 
 Asian mist 
 
 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 Rematch clause 
 
 
 Gouki Serpent Splash 
 Splash 
 
 
 Gouki Shout 
 Valet 
 
 
 Gouki Unity 
 Stable 
 
 Playing style 
 The "Gouki" monsters seem to focus on a straightforward aggressive strategy, using effects to increase their  ATKs  or decrease the opponent's. The Main Deck monsters have 0  DEF , being immune to the effect of " Gouki The Great Ogre ", who, in turn, has no DEF; that makes it so that they generally have an advantage over the ATK of opponent's monsters', since theirs' will likely end up reduced while yours' won't.
 Additionally, the Main Deck "Gouki" monsters released up to  Cybernetic Horizon  all share this effect " If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except [itself] ". This keeps you from losing unneeded card advantage upon using them as Synchro/Link Materials, or with cards like " Transmodify ", " Downbeat ", and " Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane ".
 
 Gouki- Knightmare 
 When Gouki were first released, they were rather ignored in the competitive scene. The general consensus of top players was the Gouki Link Monsters were not strong enough or disruptive enough to compete with the top decks of late 2017 and early 2018, such as  SPYRAL ,  Trickstars , and  Pendulum Magicians , and there were not enough generic Link Monsters to make a non-Gouki  Extra Deck . 
 However, in  Flames of Destruction  the  Knightmare  monsters were released, giving this deck a set of generic Link Monsters to utilise that could  Extra Link  and/or hand loop their opponent, providing a powerful end-goal for this deck to aim for going first. This strategy uses the card advantage generated by "Gouki"s in conjunction with " Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights ", " Knightmare Goblin ", and most notably, " Firewall Dragon ", to kick-start their plays. Once "Firewall" was Summoned, the player could repeatedly replenish their hand with "Gouki" monsters after the ones on the field were used as Link Material, and then immediately Special Summon those searched monsters, thus providing an extremely consistent stream of Link fodder for the "Knightmares" while losing little to no hand advantage in the process. Their usual end boards would consist of a combination of "Firewall Dragon", various co-linked "Knightmare" monsters protecting other co-linked monsters from various effects, " Tri-Gate Wizard ", and " Topologic Gumblar Dragon ", the last of which could use the hand advantage generated to force the opponent to discard up to 4 cards before they had a chance to make a play.
 This deck proved to be the strongest Link Summon-based deck thus far seen in competitive play, with many other decks playing as many as 10 or more  handtraps  (the deck that won the  2018 World Championship  played 16 in the 42-card Main Deck) just to try and stop this deck. Eventually,  Knightmare Goblin  and  M-X-Saber Invoker  were both  banned  to try and slow this deck's combos, and  Called by the Grave  was  Semi-Limited  to try and make handtraps more effective against it. It has continued to see competitive success but faded out of the scene after the deck's lynchpin,  Firewall Dragon  became Forbidden in January 2019.
 
 Weaknesses 
 As previously mentioned, all of the "Gouki" Main Deck monsters have 0 DEF; cards that can put them in  Defense Position  such as “ No Entry!! ”, “ Earthquake ”, " Level Limit - Area B ", " Swords of Concealing Light " and " Quaking Mirror Force " can cause problems for them, especially "Swords" and “Quaking Mirror Force” since it would prevent the Main Deck monsters from being used as Link Materials for a  Link Summon  later on. This makes the  Main Deck  members easily destroyed if they ever forced to be switched to  Defense Position , especially if monsters that battle them have  piercing  effects or can instantly destroy Defense monsters (e.g. " Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke " and " Paladin of White Dragon ".) “ Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow " is a problem for the Main Deck monsters due to its effect to destroy any monster whose DEF is lower than its ATK.
 However, note that because Link Monsters are immune to these strategies due to not having any DEF at all, these countermeasures do not work once the "Gouki" player has already established their board. This especially holds true for the Gouki Knightmare variant, which will often never end on a board with Main Deck Gouki monsters, and will often have negation and layers of protection from various card effects.
 Disrupting "Gouki" plays before excessive co-links are established is vital for combating the Deck. " Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit " can destroy various combo enablers, and " Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion " can desist "Gouki Re-match"'s effect. " Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries " can also seal key Extra Deck monsters vital to this Deck's success. Competitive "Gouki" Decks rely much more on generic Extra Deck monsters such as " Topologic Gumblar Dragon " and " Firewall Dragon " (before its ban in the  TCG ) to fuel their plays. Thus, siding in "Ghost Reaper" against them incurs much less opportunity cost compared to doing so against most other Decks. All of these  hand traps  can be activated on the first turn of the Duel, making them reliable countermeasures if drawn into.
 Preventing "Gouki" monsters from searching each other can also prematurely end their combos. " Silent Graveyard ", " Skull Meister ", and " Abyss Dweller " will prevent "Gouki"s from floating after they are sent to the GY. Hand traps such as " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring " and " Droll & Lock Bird " can be particularly effective as they can stop the Main Deck "Gouki" monsters from tutoring other "Gouki"s, as well as stop " Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights " from adding another Warrior resource upon its Summon. " Mistake " and " Mistaken Arrest " can stop searching entirely, while " Shared Ride " allows the player to amass resources in the hand if the Gouki player continues searching, increasing the odds of drawing into the aforementioned hand traps.
 Finally, "Gouki"s by themselves lack card effect destruction abilities and card effect immunity and thus, are easily vulnerable to backrow floodgates and mass-removal. The "Drain"  Continuous Trap Cards  can effectively shut this Deck down. Additionally, the " Kaiju "s, " Lava Golem ", " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode " and " The Monarchs Stormforth " can Tribute Link Monsters that "Gouki"s aggressively seek to establish; worse of all though, " Chimeratech Megafleet Dragon " can also do away with them by using them as  Fusion Material . Cards that banish like " Different Dimension Ground ", " Macro Cosmos " and " Evenly Matched " can remove Link Monsters and Main Deck "Gouki"s long term, which particularly for the latter, also suspends any searching of other "Gouki" cards.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Bearhug 
 Gouki Guts 
 Gouki Headbatt 
 Gouki Iron Claw 
 Gouki Moonsault 
 Gouki Octostretch 
 Gouki Ringtrainer 
 Gouki Riscorpio 
 Gouki Suprex 
 Gouki Tagpartner 
 Gouki Twistcobra 
 Crane Crane 
 Goblindbergh 
 Heroic Challenger - Assault Halberd 
 Knightmare Corruptor Iblee 
 Marauding Captain 
 Motivating Captain 
 Spell Striker 
 Tuner monsters 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Psychic Commander 
 Psychic Jumper 
 Re-Cover Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Naturia Beast 
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki Destroy Ogre 
 Gouki Heel Ogre 
 Gouki Jet Ogre 
 Gouki The Blade Ogre 
 Gouki The Giant Ogre 
 Gouki The Great Ogre 
 Gouki The Master Ogre 
 Gouki The Powerload Ogre 
 Gouki Thunder Ogre 
 Borrel  Link Monsters 
 Missus Radiant 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights 
 Knightmare  Link Monsters Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Cage Match 
 Gouki Face Turn 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 Arrivalrivals 
 Divine Sword - Phoenix Blade 
 Emergency Teleport 
 Living Fossil 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Terraforming 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Transmodify 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 World Legacy Succession 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front 
 Battleguard Howling 
 Battleguard Rage 
 Desperate Tag 
 Final Attack Orders 
 Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane 
 Official Decklist 
 
 "Gouki" deck [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Riscorpio  x3 
 Gouki Suprex  x3 
 Gouki Twistcobra  x3 
 Gouki Headbatt  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Metalfoes Volflame  x2 
 Metalfoes Goldriver  x2 
 Metalfoes Silverd  x2 
 Metalfoes Steelen  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Metalfoes Crimsonite 
 Metalfoes Orichalc 
 Metalfoes Adamante  x2 
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki Destroy Ogre  x2 
 Gouki The Great Ogre  x2 
 Gouki Thunder Ogre  x2 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Akashic Magician 
 Proxy Dragon 
 Missus Radiant 
 Link Spider Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Re-Match  x3 
 Burden of the Mighty  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mind Control  x2 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Dark Hole  x2 
 Metalfoes Fusion  x2 
 Traps 
 Reinforce Truth 
 Metalfoes Combination 
 Metalfoes Counter  x2 
 Call of the Haunted  x2 
 
 "Gouki" deck (September 11th 2019 Duel Live)  [2] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Moonsault  x2 
 Gouki Tagpartner 
 Gouki Trainer 
 Gouki Octostretch  x2 
 Gouki Bearhug 
 Gouki Headbatt  x3 
 Gouki Twistcobra  x3 
 Gouki Suprex  x3 
 Gouki Riscorpio  x3 
 Morphing Jar 
 Marauding Captain  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki The Blade Ogre 
 Gouki The Solid Ogre 
 Gouki Heel Ogre 
 Gouki The Giant Ogre  x2 
 Gouki The Master Ogre 
 Gouki Jet Ogre  x2 
 Gouki Thunder Ogre  x2 
 Gouki The Great Ogre 
 Missus Radiant 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights  x2 
 Knightmare Phoenix Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Finishing Move  x2 
 Gouki Face Turn  x2 
 Gouki Cage Match  x2 
 Gouki Re-Match  x3 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Monster Reborn 
 Living Fossil  x2 
 Moon Mirror Shield 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Prideful Roar 
 Reinforce Truth 
 Trivia 
 All of this archetype's non- Link  members have 0  DEF . 
 References 
 
 ↑   V Jump's "Gouki" deck 
 
 ↑   September 11th 2019 Duel Live's "Gouki" Deck 
 
 
   
" Gouki " 「 剛 鬼 」 Members 
 Gouki Bearhug Gouki Destroy Ogre Gouki Guts Gouki Headbatt Gouki Heel Ogre Gouki Iron Claw Gouki Jet Ogre Gouki Moonsault Gouki Octostretch Gouki Ringtrainer Gouki Riscorpio Gouki Suprex Gouki Tagpartner Gouki The Blade Ogre Gouki The Giant Ogre Gouki The Great Ogre Gouki The Master Ogre Gouki The Powerload Ogre Gouki The Solid Ogre Gouki Thunder Ogre Gouki Twistcobra 
 Gouki Cage Match Gouki Face Turn Gouki Finishing Move Gouki Re-Match 
 Support 
 Gouki Bearhug Gouki Destroy Ogre Gouki Guts Gouki Headbatt Gouki Heel Ogre Gouki Iron Claw Gouki Jet Ogre Gouki Moonsault Gouki Octostretch Gouki Ringtrainer Gouki Riscorpio Gouki Suprex Gouki Tagpartner Gouki The Blade Ogre Gouki The Giant Ogre Gouki The Great Ogre Gouki The Master Ogre Gouki The Powerload Ogre Gouki The Solid Ogre Gouki Thunder Ogre Gouki Twistcobra 
 Gouki Cage Match Gouki Face Turn Gouki Finishing Move Gouki Re-Match 
 
 v e 
" Gouki " 「 剛 鬼 」 a   Members 
 Gouki Dark Mask Gouki Diver Gouki Double Impact Gouki Face Turn Gouki Grit Gouki Guts Gouki Headbatt Gouki Heel Ogre Gouki Iron Claw Gouki Jet Ogre Gouki Moonsault Gouki Octostretch Gouki Poison Mist Gouki Re-Match Gouki Ringtrainer Gouki Riscorpio Gouki Serpent Splash Gouki Shout Gouki Suprex Gouki Tagpartner Gouki The Blade Ogre Gouki The Giant Ogre Gouki The Great Ogre Gouki The Master Ogre Gouki The Powerload Ogre Gouki The Solid Ogre Gouki Thunder Ogre Gouki Twistcobra Gouki Unity 
 Support 
 Gouki Dark Mask Gouki Diver Gouki Double Impact Gouki Face Turn Gouki Grit Gouki Guts Gouki Headbatt Gouki Iron Claw Gouki Moonsault Gouki Octostretch Gouki Poison Mist Gouki Re-Match Gouki Riscorpio Gouki Serpent Splash Gouki Shout Gouki Suprex Gouki Tagpartner Gouki The Blade Ogre Gouki The Giant Ogre Gouki The Great Ogre Gouki The Master Ogre Gouki The Powerload Ogre Gouki The Solid Ogre Gouki Thunder Ogre Gouki Twistcobra Gouki Unity 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Gouki_%28anime%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170510174529']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)