Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dogmatika


 
 Dogmatika 
 ドラグマ  ( Doraguma ) 
 
 
 
 
 Dogmatika Nexus 
 
 
 Translation 
 Dragma 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Dogmatika 
 
 
 German 
 Dogmatika 
 
 
 Italian 
 Dogmatika 
 
 
 Korean 
 드래그마   Deuraegeuma   (romanized) Translation:  Dragma 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Dogmatika 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Dogmátik 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Rise of the Duelist Phantom Rage Blazing Vortex Lightning Overdrive Battle of Chaos Power of the Elements Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 OTS Tournament Pack 15 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles OTS Tournament Pack 18 Structure Deck: Albaz Strike 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Rise of the Duelist +1 Bonus Pack Lightning Overdrive +1 Bonus Pack Battle of Chaos +1 Bonus Pack Structure Deck: Alba Strike 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Dogmatika ", known as " Dragma " (ドラグマ  Doraguma ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  LIGHT   Spellcaster   monsters  which debuted in  Rise of the Duelist .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Lore 
 3   Etymology 
 4   Playing style 
 
 4.1   Recommended cards 
 
 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 The "Dogmatika" archetype takes heavy inspiration from the  Constantinian shift . All members of the archetype wear outfits of varying designs that draw inspiration from "Dogmatika Nexus", making usage of some combination of their primary colors: white, gold/yellow, and blue (though they do apply instances of black as well). Also, each member has a "stigmata" somewhere on their body. By  activating this stigmata ,  they  can take on  monstrous transformations .
 
 Lore 
 The Isolated, Faraway Land: 'The Abyss' 
 There are many who call it 'The Abyss', it is a continent isolated from the rest of the world. In the land of 'The Abyss', a huge different dimension called 'The Hole' appeared in times long lost from the traces of memory, which is well known to open its 'jaws' and swallow both people and regions whole. However, 'The Hole' is not just a disaster that swallows men, but in rare, almost miraculous, cases, it brings forth power that could be called 'Grace Beyond Human Understanding' to the world. One time, it was an unknown form of dark matter. Another, it brought forth what appeared to be a relic from a long lost civilization. And yet another, even a life form... 
 
 The Political Superpower of 'The Abyss': The " Dogmatika Nation " 
 Located in the far north of 'The Abyss' is a political superpower, that has the church as the central political authority, lead by " Dogmatika Maximus " as the supreme leader and highest authority. Their army of crusaders, made up of followers of the "Dogmatika" faith, eradicate heathens and heretics, by devoutly following the path of "Dogmatika", by which they perform miracles via 'Stigmata', the mark of their faith. 
 
 " Dogmatika Nexus " 
 The 'Stigmata' is a mark given to all members of the "Dogmatika" faith. The followers and agents of the faith receive this power of the divine through the holy relic "Dogmatika Nexus", administered by "Dogmatika Maximus", and this power is capable of creating mysterious miracles. Among them are those who are particularly powerful, who fight heretics that threaten the stability of the nation as soldiers of its crusading army. 
 
 " Dogmatika Ecclesia, the Virtuous " 
 A maiden raised by the church since childhood. With the 'Stigmata' shining brightly on her forehead, and her pure personality, people call her a "Saint" along with "Fleur-De-Lis" 
 
 " Dogmatika Fleurdelis, the Knighted " 
 The knight commander of the crusaders, who, thanks to the 'Stigmata' on all four of her limbs, wields the three holy relics of the church, the Sword, the Shield, and the Armor, that can only be wielded by those with truly incredible power of miracles. She is the other saint who serves as the moral authority of the nation's people. [1] 
 
 Etymology 
 The name "Dogmatika" is likely a  portmanteau  of the words " Dogma " and " tika ". Most of the monsters' names reference the church and religion in their names.
 
 
 
 Card
 
 Name Origin
 
 Nexus Symbol Location
 
 Stigmata location
 
 Stigmata color
 
 " Despia " counterpart
 
 
 Adin, the Enlightened 
 
 Adin 
 
 Cover of his book
 
 Face
 
 Green
 
 -
 
 
 Ashiyan 
 
 Order of Assassins (Ḥashashiyan) 
 
 Cape brooch on lead "Ashiyan"
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 Ad Libitum of Despia 
 
 
 Ecclesia, the Virtuous 
 
 Ecclesia (ἐκκλησία, Greek term for Christian Church) 
 
 Hammer face
 
 Forehead
 
 Yellow
 
 -
 
 
 Fleurdelis, the Knighted 
 
 Fleur-de-lis 
 
 Shield
 
 N/A
 
 Indigo
 
 -
 
 
 Maximus 
 
 Pontifex maximus 
 
 Stole
 
 Hands
 
 Violet
 
 Dramaturge of Despia 
 
 
 Nexus 
 
 Tetragrammaton 
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 Despian Proskenion 
 
 
 Theo, the Iron Punch 
 
 Theos (Θεός, God in Greek) 
 
 Gauntlet head
 
 Arm
 
 Red
 
 -
 
 
 White Knight of Dogmatika 
 
 -
 
 Shield
 
 N/A
 
 Indigo
 
 Despian Quaeritis 
 
 
 
 Playing style 
 All of the "Dogmatika" monsters have effects that counter/disrupt  Extra Deck  monsters.
 The  Level  4 monsters (" Adin ", " Ecclesia " and " Theo ") all share the following effects: "If a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only activate this effect of "[this card]" once per turn. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck." This allows them to quickly swarm the field and go into  Rank  4  Xyz Monsters . Examples of good generic Rank 4s include " Number S39: Utopia Prime ", " Daigusto Emeral ", " Gagaga Cowboy ", etc.
 " Dogmatika Fleurdelis, the Knighted " also features a similar  summoning condition  and supports "Dogmatika" monsters by having them gain ATK whenever a "Dogmatika" monster declares an attack, allowing for a quick Beatdown when combined with the swarming provided by the lower Level monsters. Due to her summoning condition being a  Quick Effect , she can be summoned during the opponent's turn to disrupt their plays by negating the effects of one of their monsters.
 " Dogmatika Maximus " and " Dogmatika Nexus " profit from Extra Deck monsters being in the  GY  as their Summoning Condition involves banishing Extra Deck monster from the GY. Accumulating Extra Deck monsters is achieved by their supporting  Spells  and  Traps , but also "Maximus", sending cards from the Extra Deck to the Graveyard. Due to this, Extra Deck monsters having effects while being the Graveyard are recommended. Those monsters having a decent range of  Attribute  and  Type  make " Archnemeses Eschatos " and " Protos " good optional "boss monsters" in the Deck. " Zaborg the Mega Monarch " can also help you with setting up the Graveyard. Since "Dogmatika Nexus" can be summoned multiple times per turn, this card makes bringing out multiple copies of him very easy.
 Because of their heavy reliance on monsters summoned from the Extra Deck being on the field and their own inability to summon those regularly, they are a Deck focused on going second. The opponent not summoning a monster from the Extra Deck can also harm the Deck. To offset this weakness, running some copies of " Instant Fusion " to easily summon monsters from the Extra Deck yourself is recommended (be careful when playing " Dogmatika Punishment ", " Dogmatika Ecclesia, the Virtuous ", " Dogmatika Maximus ", " Nadir Servant ";  you can trap yourself out of necessary Extra Deck summons if not timed correctly). If you summon " Thousand-Eyes Restrict " or " Millennium-Eyes Restrict " this way, you can use them to  Link Summon  " Linkuriboh ", instantly giving you a material to summon "Maximus".
 " Albaz " can help you break your opponent's board by using it and their monsters to summon cards like " Titaniklad the Ash Dragon ", " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon ", " Predaplant Triphyoverutum " or " Panzer Dragon ". Cards that allow you to summon him during your opponent's turn (like " Dogmatika Encounter ") can help you disrupt them by getting rid of their monsters.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened 
 Dogmatika Ecclesia, the Virtuous 
 Dogmatika Fleurdelis, the Knighted 
 Dogmatika Maximus 
 Dogmatika Nexus 
 Dogmatika Theo, the Iron Punch 
 Fallen of Albaz 
 Zaborg the Mega Monarch 
 Aleister the Invoker 
 Ritual Monsters 
 White Knight of Dogmatika Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Titaniklad the Ash Dragon 
 Elder Entity N'tss 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Knight 
 Lunalight Sabre Dancer 
 Millennium-Eyes Restrict 
 Panzer Dragon 
 Predaplant Triphyoverutum 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Invoked Mechaba 
 Supreme King Z-ARC 
 Synchro Monsters 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Wind Pegasus @Ignister 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Emeral 
 Link Monsters 
 Linkuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dogmatika Nation 
 Dogmatika 
 Nadir Servant 
 Fusion Deployment 
 Instant Fusion 
 Spellbook of Knowledge 
 Terraforming 
 Magical Meltdown 
 Invocation 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Traps 
 Dogmatika Encounter 
 Dogmatika Punishment 
 Metaverse 
 Trap Trick 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   NeoArkadia (April 18, 2020).  "[Lore] So About The Dragma" .  https://ygorganization.com/agehaactivateshergreatestnormalholecard/ . 
 
 
   
" Dogmatika " 「ドラグマ」 Members 
 Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened Dogmatika Ashiyan Dogmatika Ecclesia, the Virtuous Dogmatika Fleurdelis, the Knighted Dogmatika Maximus Dogmatika Nexus Dogmatika Theo, the Iron Punch White Knight of Dogmatika White Relic of Dogmatika White Zoa of Dogmatika 
 Branded in Central Dogmatika Dogmatika Encounter Dogmatika Genesis Dogmatika Nation Dogmatika Punishment Dogmatikacism Dogmatikalamity Dogmatikamacabre Dogmatikatrix Dogmatikaturgy 
 Support 
 Dogmatika Adin, the Enlightened Dogmatika Ashiyan Dogmatika Ecclesia, the Virtuous Dogmatika Fleurdelis, the Knighted Grand-Guignol the Finale Dragon Titaniklad the Ash Dragon White Zoa of Dogmatika 
 Dogmatika Encounter Dogmatika Nation Dogmatikacism Dogmatikamacabre Dogmatikatrix Dogmatikaturgy Nadir Servant 
 Related 
 Ad Libitum of Despia Albaz the Ashen Blazing Cartesia, the Virtuous Dramaturge of Despia Ecclesia the Exiled Fallen of Albaz The Golden Swordsoul Incredible Ecclesia, the Virtuous The Iris Swordsoul The Virtuous Vestals 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/DogmatikaNexus-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20201105222148']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s)