Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Leo

Contents 
 
 1   Cards in the Deck 
 2   Request 
 3   Episode 36 
 4   Fudge! 
 5   Different VA? 
 6   Theory 
 7   The Twin's Parents 
 8   pics 
 9   Leo and Luna's relationship 
 10   Leo's abilitys. 
 
 
 Cards in the Deck 
 Technically we don't know if he'll use Cameran, Radion, Clocken, Gadget Driver, Engine, Cord, Accelerator or Monitron, so why are those in his deck already?  KazilDarkeye  19:52, 6 October 2008 (UTC)
 
 "Morphtronic Clocken", "Gadget Driver", "Morphtronic Accelerator", "Morphtronic Cord", "Morphtronic Engine" and "Morphtronic Monitron" can be seen when he looks through his Deck in  episode 18 . "Cameran" and "Radion" might be there too, but I'm not sure. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 20:19, 6 October 2008 (UTC) 
 Request 
 Please,  don't remove  the first line. Some people still getting confused between the twin's dubbed names (And I am one of them).  Diehard Guy  20:01, 3 November 2008 (UTC)
 
 Episode 36 
 Can this next episode finally conclude whether the teory of Luka being the the last Signer is true?  User:DracoX 
 what about epesiode 43?it seems to be the futher in the series we go the more confident people are that the fifth signer will appear and summon the fifth dragon.  —This unsigned comment was made by  217.44.45.70  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:05, 27 January 2009 (UTC) 
 
 Fudge! 
 4Kids have either changed their mind, or calling him "Luka" was a hoax.  The episode 114  preview lists his name as Leo. This may mean we've also got the wrong names for "Luna" and "Akiza".
 Off topic, but in the English episode, Yusei's lost his memory after the Duel with Trudge and he duels Leo in the hopes of getting it back. Hence the title "A Duel to Remember". --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 13:38, 28 November 2008 (UTC)
 
 I'm guessing they got the twins mixed up, when they called him "Luka". That caused a bit of confusion, since his sister's name was "Luca" in the Japanese version. To avoid the confusion they changed his name to Leo, so Luc/ka would only refer to one character. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 14:12, 28 November 2008 (UTC) 
 Different VA? 
 Is someone else doing the English dub's voice for Leo instead of Amy Palant?  PokéyxKz  01:43, 7 December 2008 (UTC)
Yes, Leo is voiced by Tara Sands. Same person who did Richie from Pokemon. And Leo sounds like Richie-- 98.111.95.197  06:10, March 13, 2010 (UTC)
 don't know if it's the same thing you guys are talking about but leo's and luna's voices are different in the 3rd season. and it sucks for me because i liked the original voices better.-- Soul reaper magnum  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:57, October 18, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Theory 
 Many people asume that goodwin is the 5th signer just because he is seen with a dragon head 
gor one thing if he wasn't he seen with the other signers in the finally of the fortune cup when they go back in time, also the crimson dragon choices who become the signers and only the ones that are desurving get the power godwin doesn't seem like a good guy i think he is a dark signer have you seen his shirt and the mazca lines for the condor, and the events of these episode like ep 48 leo vs demark power tool dragon looks alot like the fifth dragon i don't think this is a coincidence i think in ep 51 it will be known that he is the fifth signer i don't he hasn't shown his full potential because he didn't have a reason to now he does protecting his sister  —This unsigned comment was made by  68.8.129.49  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:16, 10 March 2009 (UTC) 
 
 Giant *beep* /facepalm.... seriiously, you are behind the eight ball. Crow, though while he does not yet have the 5th Dragon, it has been proven that he (crow) will be the 5th and perhaps final Signer.
 Side Note: Why does it seem like Leo canNOT win a single Training Lesson at the Academy? 
 The Twin's Parents 
 Do you think we should have an article for Leo and Luna's parents? There is enough info about them and also is the episode Return to the Spirit World there's a picture of them, even though it does not show their face.
I mean, it seems reasonable because there is even an article for Yusei's mom.
 
 pics 
 i was looking at the page and it didn't have many pics anybody think a few more should be added?-- Soul reaper magnum  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:29, December 20, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Leo and Luna's relationship 
 One user (I believe it is the same user) seems to believe Leo has romantic feelings for his sister based on episode 152. It looked more like he thought she was attractive, but my revision was undone. I don't even feel that needs to be mentioned at all, but I'd like to know the opinions of others so that it doesn't keep getting reverted every five minutes.  Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:42, May 24, 2011 (UTC)
 
 As I already point that idiot user to here, he still going on and on, almost like a dumb robot. So if he continued this up, I will ask either D-Neos or Dino to lock the page for today. -- F r e d C a t  23:46, May 24, 2011 (UTC) 
 Hey cheesedude, would it be alright if we talked this over? Before you say anything, please hear me out. First off before I say anything regarding his feelings lets get one thing out (the dub completely changes his feelings). I want to know if you will alow me to put in Leo's bio that episode 152(Japanese version only) hints that he might have feelings for Luna. First off Leo is not the type to get so flusterd up just because of a dress. Also another thing we have to facter is the fact that they are twins,(if he didn't like her more than a brother and it was just the dress, than it would be like seeing himself in a girls outfit only, which we know didn't happen) so he wouldn't have blushed or got so flusterd up just because of her dress. I didn't edit Luna's bio because theres no evidence(Actually there is, but for now i'm not going to put anything in her bio, unless I discuss it over with you). There are multible hints from Rua, but none were significant until this episode (and episode 77). With all this being said will you allow me to put in his bio that it is possibly hinted in 152 (and 77), that he might have romantic feelings towards her (I promise I will not put anything else in)?  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:45, May 25, 2011 (UTC)
 
 That's fine. The way it was originally listed made it sound like it based solely on episode 152. I can't deny the other evidence, so go ahead and re-add it, just word it differently. Having said that, I can't speak for anyone else here, so someone else may revert. If that happens, go ahead and revert them and direct them here in the reversion summary.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:50, May 25, 2011 (UTC) 
 What "other evidence"? Shardsilver says that there were "multible [sic] hints" but doesn't name any. I would like to know in what other episodes "romantic feelings" were hinted at before this gets put back into the article. And how can them being twins mean that he can't only be thinking that she looks good in that outfit? He only blushed when he saw her, and only for that moment. I would also like to hear from the others who deleted the message as vandalism so that we can agree on a proper way to phrase this, if that moment even needs to be mentioned. This all just seems like someone is goint out of his way to ship characters.  Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:27, May 25, 2011 (UTC) 
 I only removed that because of Cheesedude's latest decide on that article. But since Cheese decided to allowing him to post it back in, I would allow him to do the same. -- F r e d C a t  01:31, May 25, 2011 (UTC)
 I would once again like to voice my opinion that the sentence about Leo having romantic feelings for his sister be removed or edited. Shardsilver seems to be the only advocate for that interpretation, and he appears after numerous days' absence just to re-add it when a user removes it.  Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:00, August 22, 2011 (UTC) 
 I don't just put it back in for kicks you know, I'm just stating a fact. Second you cannot just brush off possible hints of romance just because they're siblings (it's not that simple). Once again the fact that they're twins matters in that scene (if they didn't look identical then yes, it could easily be debated, but it's not the same thing when you have a pair of twins). I'm not trying to argue or cause you any dissrespect. I'll say it again, if they were not giving a hint, then they would not have made Rua blush (This may sound reduntent, but I'm going to say it again, if he didn't like Ruka more then a brother and it was just her look, then it would have been like seeing himself in a girls out fit only, and we know that was not the case). Again the fact that they're twins matters in that situation (no dissrespect intended). Also in episode 77 (Japanese version only) it very strongly hinted that Rua was jealous of Ruka's affection and attention she was giving Lucciano (and also because of the way Lucciano was somwhat making a move on his sister). The dub version completely discuissed this, and made it only look like it was just the match that was bothering him.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:15, August 22, 2011 (UTC) 
 You can see my stance on a lot of this on  Talk:Luna#Leo and Luna's relationship. 
 I don't think Lua disliking Luca spending time with Lucciano necessarily meant he was attracted to Luca. It is common in fiction for brothers, usually older brothers, to be protective of their sisters when other boys take interest in them and distrust said boys. For example in the  Harry Potter  series, Ron immediately disliked and had an irrational distrust to all his sister Ginny's boyfriends that he didn't know very well. That didn't mean he was romantically interested in his sister. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 21:41, August 22, 2011 (UTC) 
 I get what you're saying (seriously I do) but shouldn't it atleast be mentioned that it's hinted he may like her (that doesn't mean he does, but the fact that there are possible hints, it still should atleast be mentioned). Like I said it was mentioned in Aki's article even before episode 154, that it was hinted that she may like Yusei. So isn't it only fair that we do the same here (Aki's hints are no different then Rua's, take the shack scene in episode 80, she was jealous that Yusei was spending so much time with Bruno, and didn't seem to pay any attention to her)? What do you think? I'm not trying to edit war or anything like that. I'm only trying to be reasonable.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:53, August 22, 2011 (UTC)
 
 Shardsilver, please don't take this the wrong way, but you come off as obsessed; you have over 200 edits and all of them relate to this single issue. I looked at your editing history.  Then Cheesedude said you could keep the sentence if you changed the wording, and you started obsessing over him, mentioning him in several of your edits, despite him asking you not to. What seems strange to me is how quickly you revert back edits. You'll disappear from the site for days, but within minutes of someone changing this page, you return to change it back. Do you have this page open on your computer 24/7? Deltaneos is also an administrator, and his opinion is just as valid as Cheesedude's. But you seem to disregard his comments in favor of the one that you agree with. If there are two administrators with opposing views, the tiebreaker for determining whether or not to take out the sentence should go down to the editors. The vast majority of us don't think that the "evidence" you present is anymore than brotherly affection or him finding her pretty. You keep saying that everyone is changing it because we don't want to see incest, despite no one ever saying that to you. I truly believe you see feelings towards Luna from Leo, but no one else does. Perhaps we can make more general statements, and let the fans come to their own conclusions about the twins relationship?  Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:25, August 22, 2011 (UTC) 
 Trust me, I'm not trying to come off as obsessed (Dispite my edits and what I say, I'm only being logical about it). Second of all, I have not dissregarded anyones comments, or opinions (look above). Third of all most of the people who edit the bio just say things like "No, just no" or something simaler, which indicates they're simply taking it out because they don't like it or agree (which I fully understand). Fourth of all, not everyone will agree, because they may not notice things like that in the show (me mentioning it is one thing, but them seeing/noticing any of those hints for themselves is another). I don't expect you, or anyone to believe what I say , or what evidence I present. Lastly the main reason people dissagree with the evidence is because they're siblings (it is a lot more serious then a normal romance hint, and is not something that can just be brushed off). I know people are going to say that I'm a ussless robot that says the same thing, and other stuff, but hey, I'm only being truthful (and no I am not dissregarding your opinion, or what you've said). I know I'm sounding obsessed, but I'm not (also I am not trying to sound unreasonable, but this stuff should be mentioned, you can't just brush it off because they're related, it doesn't work that way).  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:55, August 22, 2011 (UTC)
 I have to agree with Shardsilver here. There have been plenty of hints of Rua liking Ruka as more than his sister. The examples that Shardsilver has given so far are actually pretty good. Shardsilver has even said it is only in the Japanese version that these hints are given in. In-fact, Shardsilver never put down that Rua 'does' have feelings for his sister; he only put down that Rua 'may' have feelings for his sister (there is a difference). Come on, the idea is not that far-fetch. The only argument that Golden Key can give is that Rua blushing at Ruka's new look doesn't mean a thing, but that retort is thrown right out the window because they are twins, and as Shardsilver has been saying "if he didn't like Ruka more than a brother should and it was just her look, then it would have been like seeing himself in a girls outfit only" (seriously, what kind of guy would blush that way after seeing himself in a dress?).  72.208.185.161  ( talk ) 23:40, August 22, 2011 (UTC)
 I also agree with what Shardsilver, and the unregistered user above me have said. I think the information should be kept in the article the way it is already, and left alone. Raven whip  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:49, August 23, 2011 (UTC)
 Im sorry but I watched the episodes in question over again, and I see no evidence that he could possibly have feelings toward Luna. He blushed because he was embarrassed that he said that his sister looked good, which in no way shows that he has feelings for her.  —This unsigned comment was made by  67.85.70.47  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:30, August 24, 2011 
 Alright, this discussion has gone on long enough. The majurity of us believe that Shardsilver is right, and that the evidence he's presented is believable, and should be left alone, so will you please leave the article alone? We aren't trying to dissregard your opinion, but most of us here agree, and believe Shardsilver on this matter. So I think it is time we let this matter drop and move on.  Raven whip  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:50, August 24, 2011 (UTC)
 Ok how about a compromise for both sides, what if we say something along the lines of... "Some people speculate that in (insert episodes here) jap version, that leo may have feelings for his sister. However some people believe that it just shows the love between a brother and a sister." or something like that, feel free to edit it until each sides are happy. I think that it shows both sides of the debate fairly, and than lets people watch the episodes and decide for themselves, and we can do the same thing for Luna's page.  —This unsigned comment was made by  67.85.70.47  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:31, August 27, 2011 
 I think what's in the articles is fine the way they're. No offense but can we please just move on already and drop this. I never actually said he/she "Does", I only said "May", there is a clear difference. What we're mentioning is no different then what is in Aki's article. I even said the actuall episodes where their feelings are hinted (Aki's article they just say she does like Yusei, but they won't put episode numbers, for example episodes 71-75 and 80 hinted Aki's feelings very strongly). I even put in Luna's article (It is to be noted however that her hints are subtle). Your idea isn't so bad, but like "Skullvarnish" has said, It's not necessery. I have to agree with Raven whip, I think It's time this matter dropped.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:29, August 27, 2011 (UTC)
 I am pretty sure that Rua does fall for Ruka; since Japan have no interesting of "red spring" or whatever you called it.  Fredcat100 14:58, August 11, 2011 (UTC).
 However I think what is currently posted leans more to the side of "he likes her." Im just saying we can get work on what we say together so that we both feel like our side is equally stated in the post.  —This unsigned comment was made by  67.85.70.47  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:00, August 27, 2011 
 Listen to me very closely. "May" doesn't lean more to him liking her, it means that he might, or might not (but the fact that It's hinted he might is enough reason to say "May").  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:38, August 27, 2011 (UTC)
 Alright I think we can come to an agreement, that both sides are carried out equally (Like you said "67.85.70.47"). What if we said "It is hinted in episodes 77 and 152 (Japanese versions only) that he may have feelings for his sister. Some however believe that it is just brotherly affection (both sides are debatable)"? This way nothing is changed, and both points of view are carried out equally.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:05, August 27, 2011 (UTC)
 Ok fine, I can go with that ^.  —This unsigned comment was made by  67.85.70.47  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:50, August 27, 2011 
 Copyed from Deltaneos page (from the draft I showed him onwards).
 Leo has shown possible jealousy when someone flirts with his sister, or she crushes on someone (The dub version his dialog was changed). It's to be noted however, his actions can also simply be taken as a protective brother. (insert episode 77 reference)
 After the fight with Z-one, Leo blushed upon seeing Luna in cloths, and commented her on it. When she asked "Really?" he turned away extremely flustered while having a big smile, and stuttered saying "Y-yeah?" (this is the greatest indication that he may in fact have feelings for her). (Insert episode 152 reference).  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:26, December 29, 2011 (UTC)
 
 This looks good. Not too biased on either side. 
 The relationships sections aren't really my area, but if want to make it more like the biography, there are two changes I'd suggest.
 I'd avoid phrases like "It's to be noted". It seems a bit superfluous, since the information wouldn't be there if it wasn't worth noting. So instead of "It's to be noted however, his actions can also simply be taken as a protective brother.", use "However, his actions can also simply be taken as a protective brother.". 
 I think brackets should be used sparingly when adding extra info about a previous sentence or when adding extra clarity to a sentence. They're still fine for noting dub changes though. So I think "this is the greatest indication that he may in fact have feelings for her", works fine as a sentence on its own. 
 So after the changes, that leaves: 
 Leo has shown possible jealousy when someone flirts with his sister, or when she crushes on someone (The dub version his dialog was changed). However, his actions can also simply be taken as a protective brother.<ref>{{episode|Yu-Gi-Oh!|77|ref}}</ref> After the fight with Z-one, Leo blushed upon seeing Luna in new clothes, and commented on it. When she asked "Really?" he turned away extremely flustered while having a big smile, and stuttered saying "Y-yeah?". This is the greatest indication that he may in fact have feelings for her.<ref>{{episode|Yu-Gi-Oh!|152|ref}}</ref> 
 I've no problems with it, unless Golden Key or anyone else has anything else to say about it. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 16:35, December 29, 2011 (UTC)
 I don't think we need to say "possible" jealousy, since "jealousy" is a neutral on its own. What he was jealous about that could be debated. Was it that his sister wanted to spend time with someone else, or because she was romantically interested in someone else? We can just say he was jealous and leave it for the reader to come to their own decision. Also, I think we could be a little less wordy and a little more neutral for the second part. The quotes in particular seemed awkward in the sentence. How about the following? I think it's ambiguous enough that both sides can be pleased. 
 Leo has shown over-protectiveness and jealousy when someone flirts with his sister, or when she shows romantic interest in someone (particularly in the Japanese version).<ref>{{episode|Yu-Gi-Oh!|77|ref}} 
</ref> After the fight with Z-one, Leo blushes upon seeing Luna in new clothes, commenting on them while turning away and smiling (and being noticeably flustered).<ref>{{episode|Yu-Gi-Oh!|152|ref}}</ref>  -- Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:10, December 29, 2011 (UTC) 
 Sure, that sounds good.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:20, December 29, 2011 (UTC) 
 Leo's abilitys. 
 Do you think we should have a section called "Abilitys" in Leo's bio? The reason why is that the series has hinted that he might have psycic powers like Aki/Akiza, and I'll explain why. First off in episode 78, despite the damage being real, Lucciano/Lester didn't even flinch from Luna's attack, now when Rua/Leo attacked Lucciano/Lester was groaning in pain (the damage was real but the fact remains that Rua/Leo was the only one who could hurt Lucciano/Lester). The fight with Aporia really stood out. Throughout the duel Aporia felt no pain(not even from his own trap card)and then Rua/Leo attacks and Aporia screams in pain (so once again Rua/Leo inflicted real damage). 
 Now here's something else I'm going to bring up. Rua/Leo also seems to have the same ability as Akiza in terms of healing wounds with his signer dragon(as shown in episode 143, also remember that Aki/Akiza did the same thing in 140 when she healed herself, Sherry and Crow). Heres something else, during the fight with Demak, Ancient fairy dragon did not heal the twins wounds (only the twins lifepoints), so the fact that lifestream dragon could heal Jack Ruka/Luna and Rua/Leo gives more evidence that Rua/Leo has powers simaler to Aki/Akiza. What do you guys think?  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:49, August 11, 2011 (UTC)
 
 My respond from Shard's talk page;  It's hidden power perhaps due to Rua being "immature" up till he fought against Aporia for first time along with his sister and Jack. It become "unlocked" once he confirmed that he protected his sister. So I am not sure if "Psychic" is good word to call him, I would say "Healer" because he recovered his own Life Points, along with Jack and Ruka Life Points, to prevent their death. 
 I think his power unlocked for short time when he's angry at someone who dare to hurt or at least destroy his closest bond - his sister.  -- F r e d C a t  14:58, August 11, 2011 (UTC) 
 I think we could have a section called "Healer/Psycic", due to the fact that he can heal people with his signer dragon like Akiza, but also because he seems to inflict real damage much like a psycic duelist(the fight with Aporia especialy is a perfect example).  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:32, August 11, 2011 (UTC)
 I would suggest not having a separate section for this. However, the information itself should be retained. What I would do is ensure that info in the section is specified in the actual biography person. Since there is not specification of this in-series. It's not unfounded speculation, but it's still speculation. We know he inflicted real damage and healed people. We don't know why. So we shouldn't speculate as to why, but we should retain the information that all that happened. Is that an acceptable solution?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:30, August 12, 2011 (UTC)
 Sure, we can do that. Go ahead if you want.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:58, August 12, 2011 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: