Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Game_of_Death_(Street_Fighter)


 
 Game of Death 
 
 
 
 
 The manga version of the game 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Game of Death 
 
 
 Japanese  
 死亡遊戯 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Shibō Yūgi 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Players 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Street Fighter 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino City 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 
 
 Chapters 
 25:  " The One-Inch Terror " 
 
 
 Episodes 
 21:  " Completed!! The Ultimate Game Land " 
 
 
 
 The  Game of Death  ( ja :  死亡遊戯 ,  Shibō Yūgi ;  zh : 死亡的遊戲,  Sǐwáng dé Yóuxì ) was a game in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  and  first series anime  between  Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Street Fighter . It is named after the Bruce Lee film,  Game of Death .
 In the manga, Jonouchi and Street Fighter fought in an alley with a knife in Jonouchi's mouth.
 In the anime,  Jonouchi  and Street Fighter, known as Dragon 1, fought on a pipe, while Dragon 1 had a nunchaku.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The fight 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Anime events 
 3   References 
 
 
 Manga events 
 Prior events 
 Street Fighter repeatedly challenged and lost to  Yugi  in multiplayer  games  of  Virtual VS . While Jonouchi was getting drinks for himself and Yugi, Street Fighter went over to Yugi and beat him up, taking his  Millennium Puzzle  as a prize.
 When Jonouchi got back, he saw Yugi lying injured on the floor and was told what happened, so he went after Street Fighter.
 
 The fight 
 When Jonouchi confronted Street Fighter, they went into an alley for a fight. Street Fighter insisted that they fight with knives in their mouth, so that the players would be "one inch between life and death". Street Fighter secretly used a trick knife, whose blade would slide into its hilt if hit. However Jonouchi told him not to use the knife because he would have to hold back hitting him in the face.
 At the start of the fight Jonouchi kept his hands in his pockets and dodged a number of punches. Street Fighter managed to hit Jonouchi once, cutting his face a little. Jonouchi realized that he didn't have much room to dodge the punches in a narrow alley.
 Jonouchi mocked the speed of Street Fighter punches and Street Fighter demanded that Jonouchi take his hands out of his pockets, which was also mocking him. Jonouchi replied that he had promises to his friend in both of the pockets and he wouldn't see them until the end of the fight.
 Unable to guard his stomach, Jonouchi got hit there and Street Fighter tried punching him in the face after that. However Jonouchi revealed the first of his promises and opened the shaken can of cola in his one of his pockets, which was his promise to buy Yugi a drink. The cola sprayed over the Street Fighter's face, getting in his eyes and making him step back. Jonouchi took his fist out of his other pocket, saying it was the promise to clobber the him and punched him in the jaw.
 
 Aftermath 
 Jonouchi spat the knife out of his mouth and took back the Millennium Puzzle to return to Yugi.
 
 Anime events 
   This section is currently incomplete. 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 25: " The One-Inch Terror " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 21: " Completed!! The Ultimate Game Land " 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Jonouchi_VS_Street_Fighter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160724212207', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Games (events)