Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Naturia


 
 Naturia 
 ナチュル  ( Nachuru ) 
 
 
 
 
 Various "Naturia" monsters in the artwork of " Naturia Forest ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Naturu 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Naturia 
 
 
 German 
 Naturia 
 
 
 Italian 
 Naturia 
 
 
 Korean 
 나츄르   Nachyureu   (romanized) Translation:  Naturu 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Naturia 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Naturia 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Hidden Arsenal 2 Duelist Revolution Starstrike Blast Hidden Arsenal 3 Hidden Arsenal 4: Trishula's Triumph Hidden Arsenal: Special Edition Photon Shockwave The New Challengers Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal 2 Duel Terminal 3 Duel Terminal 4 Gold Series: Haunted Mine Extreme Victory Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Battle Pack: Epic Dawn World Superstars Duel Power OTS Tournament Pack 18  (Portuguese only) Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 OTS Tournament Pack 20 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Justice Strikes Back!! Duel Terminal - Demon Roar God Revival!! Duel Terminal - Champion of Chaos!! Duel Terminal - Dragunity of the Hurricane!! Duel Terminal - Charge of the Genex!! Duel Terminal - Pulse of the Trishula!! Duel Terminal Chronicle 1 - Chapter of Awakening Duel Terminal Chronicle 2 - Chapter of Chaos Duel Terminal Chronicle 3 - Chapter of Destruction Gold Series 2013 V Jump Edition 4 Extra Pack Volume 4 The Rarity Collection The New Challengers Extra Pack 2015 Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 Structure Deck: Forest of the Traptrix 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.13 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Naturia ", known as " Naturu " (ナチュル  Nachuru ) in the Japanese and Korean version, is an  EARTH   archetype  from  Duel Terminal . "Naturia" monsters are composed of various Types, but all of them are related to forest life (much like " Sylvan ", albeit different), such as  Plants ,  Insects ,  Rocks , a few  Beasts , and even a  Dragon . Their effects center around limiting, or gaining advantages from, the opponent's  Spell ,  Trap , and  Monster Cards  when activated/Summoned. Despite their low ATK and DEF, if built correctly, "Naturia" monsters can be surprisingly quick and control the field easily. One card of this Archetype is used by Andre in "Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Playing Style 
 3   Variants 
 
 3.1   Naturia Beatdown 
 3.2   Pure Naturia 
 3.3   Naturia Plant 
 3.4   Naturia Traptrix 
 3.5   Naturia Stun/Anti-Meta 
 3.6   Naturia Reversal OTK 
 
 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Etymology 
 The Japanese name ナチュル ( Nachuru ) could be contracted from ナチュラル ( nachuraru ), a rendition of the English word "natural". It's also a place within Japan near Mt. Fuji.
 
 Playing Style 
 Almost all "Naturia" monsters have effects that can be activated to respond at any action your opponent may commits, thus this Deck's main strategy always revolves around control or even stun-esque approach. In fact, their main Synchro Monsters (except " Naturia Leodrake ") have effects that can negate the activation of specific card types ( Spell / Trap / Effect Monster ), further reinforcing the control aspect. " Naturia Bamboo Shoot ", in particular can completely blocks your opponent from activating any Spell/Trap Card (if Tribute Summoned by Tributing "Naturia" monster), thus becoming center focus in most "Naturia"-based Decks.
 Besides "Bamboo Shoot", there are also "Naturia" monsters whose effects reacts to your opponent's action regarding their monster, like " Naturia Mantis " (can destroy monsters the moment it is Normal Summoned), " Naturia Horneedle " (can destroy monsters upon being Special Summoned), " Naturia Antjaw " (can Special Summon "Naturia" monsters each time your opponent Special Summons), and " Naturia Pumpkin " (Special Summon another "Naturia" monster if your opponent has a monster). For defense purpose, they have cards like " Naturia Cliff ", " Naturia Cherries " and " Naturia Beans ", while " Naturia Sacred Tree " can improve the Deck's consistency, and " Naturia Marron " can recycle monsters.
 Their Fusion Monsters, " Naturia Exterio " and " Naturia Gaiastrio " have powerful control effects, combined with their high ATK, can be easily Summoned with " Miracle Synchro Fusion " or " The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion " (for "Exterio"), can be very devastating to your opponent as well.
 Since all "Naturia" monsters are  EARTH , cards like " Giant Rat ", " Gigantes ", " Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders " and " Grandsoil the Elemental Lord " can be included as well.
 
 Variants 
 Naturia Beatdown 
 This Deck is all about you either getting “Naturia” Monsters in your GY and Summoning “ Naturia Dragonfly ” to power it up. After this, or better yet before, you can protect it with “ Naturia Mosquito ” inflicting damage to your opponent. You can also win easily by using “ Naturia Mosquito ” with “ Naturia Beans ”. This will ensure your opponent taking lots of damage and keeping your Monsters safe from battle. Swarming is good for stalling and sending Monsters to the GY, by using “ Naturia Cherries ” or “ Naturia Antjaw ”. “ Naturia Cliff ” is also important since when it is sent from the Field to the GY, you can Special Summon a “Naturia” from your Deck in Attack Position including itself, which is good for defense and Milling. Make sure to have a lot of cards, mainly Monsters, so they can be sent to the GY. “ Foolish Burial ” can work and so can “ Foolish Burial Goods ” if used on “ Naturia Sacred Tree ”. Counter Traps including “ Exterio's Fang ” will help in conjunction with “ Naturia Forest ”. Higher Level Monsters are unnecessary and may slow down the Deck, this starts off slow but quickly escalates if you keep it up.
 
 
 Pure Naturia 
 This Deck centered around utilizing "Naturia" monsters to respond to your opponent's moves, focusing mostly on control-based approach. " Naturia Mantis " and " Naturia Horneedle " can destroy your opponent's monster upon being Summoned, " Naturia Antjaw ", " Naturia Cosmobeet ", " Naturia Cherries ", " Naturia Cliff " and " Naturia Pumpkin " provides swarming capabilities, " Naturia Butterfly " and " Naturia Stinkbug " can stop your opponent's attacks, " Naturia Marron " and " Naturia Eggplant " recycle your cards, and " Naturia Bamboo Shoot " and " Naturia Rosewhip " can restrict your opponent's Spells and Traps. Since "Naturia" monsters usually has low ATK, cards like " Naturia Fruitfly " and " Gaia Power " are sometimes used, to weaken your opponent's monster and strengthening your own, respectively. To increase consistency, cards like " Upstart Goblin ", " Reckless Greed ", " Pot of Duality ", and especially, " Naturia Sacred Tree " can be included as well.
 
 Naturia Plant 
 This build utilizes "Naturia" monsters along with Plant-Type supports such as " Lonefire Blossom " and " Dandylion ", aiming to compose locks as soon as possible with " Naturia Bamboo Shoot " combined with the " Plant Princesses " such as " Tytannial, Princess of Camellias " and/or " Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms ". This Deck has easy swarming capabilities thanks to "Lonefire Blossom", " Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves ", " Meliae of the Trees " and " Miracle Fertilizer ", while also capable of using Plant-related supports like " Mark of the Rose ", " Pollinosis " and " Queen of Thorns ".
 
 Naturia Traptrix 
 This variant combine "Naturia" monsters along with the suite of " Traptrix " cards. " Traptrix Myrmeleo " and " Traptrix Dionaea " are the ones commonly used to provide more control aspect to the Deck in form of " Trap Hole " cards such as " Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare " and " Time-Space Trap Hole ", while also allowing access to a plethora of Rank 4 Xyz Monsters. "Naturia" cards like " Naturia Cliff " and " Naturia Cherries " are commonly used to provide defensive capabilities while also provides Tribute fodder for " Naturia Bamboo Shoot ". " Naturia Sacred Tree " is very integral in this Deck, allowing you to get the right monster at the right time, improving this Deck's consistency drastically.
 
 Naturia Stun/Anti-Meta 
 Focused around Summoning " Naturia Bamboo Shoot " as soon as possible, combined with Anti-Meta cards such as " Thunder King Rai-Oh ", " Doomcaliber Knight " and " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo ". If combined with " Majesty's Fiend " and "Pachycephalo" or " Cactus Bouncer ", you can prevent your opponent from doing basically everything.
 
 Naturia Reversal OTK 
 This Deck focusing on interactions between " Naturia Mosquito " along with small-ATK "Naturia" cards such as " Naturia Beans ", " Naturia Cherries " and " Naturia Cliff ", to create OTK strategy in the same way as " Daigusto Sphreez " in " Gusto " Decks. To get "Mosquito" easier, cards like " One for One " and " Inferno Reckless Summon " can be used to provide the necessary components for completing the OTK.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Naturia Antjaw 
 Naturia Bamboo Shoot 
 Naturia Beans 
 Naturia Cliff 
 Naturia Eggplant 
 Naturia Fruitfly 
 Naturia Horneedle 
 Naturia Hydrangea 
 Naturia Mantis 
 Naturia Marron 
 Naturia Pumpkin 
 Naturia Rock 
 Crane Crane 
 Cactus Bouncer 
 Giant Rat 
 Gigantes 
 Grandsoil the Elemental Lord 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion 
 Tuner monsters 
 Naturia Butterfly 
 Naturia Cherries 
 Naturia Cosmobeet 
 Spore Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Naturia Exterio 
 Naturia Gaiastrio 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Naturia Beast 
 Naturia Barkion 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Naturia Leodrake 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, the Keeper of the Sacred Tree 
 Queen of Thorns 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Meliae of the Trees 
 Number 49: Fortune Tune 
 Soul of Silvermountain Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Naturia Forest 
 Barkion's Bark 
 Landoise's Luminous Moss 
 Leodrake's Mane 
 Book of Moon 
 Foolish Burial Goods 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Mark of the Rose 
 Miracle Fertilizer 
 Miracle Synchro Fusion 
 Super Solar Nutrient 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Tuner's High 
 Traps 
 Naturia Sacred Tree 
 Exterio's Fang 
 Black Horn of Heaven 
 Divine Wrath 
 Safe Zone 
 Wiretap 
 Weaknesses 
 "Naturia" Decks, despite their capabilities of composing powerful and sturdy locks, are naturally slow, so faster Decks usually have an easy time of exterminating them before they gather the necessary components for their lock. " Skill Drain " can single-handedly destroy this Deck completely, since "Naturia" monsters are so heavily-dependent on their monster effects, and most of them have low-ATK as well that cards like " King Tiger Wanghu " and " Deck Devastation Virus " can easily prey on them.
 "Naturia" Decks focusing on " Naturia Bamboo Shoot " also have even more challenges, since they need to protect "Bamboo Shoot" at all costs in order to keep their position in a Duel. " Effect Veiler " in particularly dangerous in this aspect, since it can negate the effect of "Bamboo Shoot"  permanently  (since "Bamboo Shoot" will "forget" that it was Tribute Summoned with "Naturia" monster if its effect's negated). " Solemn Warning " also needs to be in consideration at all times, since it can destroy "Bamboo Shoot" when it is Summoned and possibly ruin your entire strategy. Also, it is vulnerable to monster effects and monsters that has higher than 2000 ATK, so cards like " Safe Zone " that can protect "Bamboo Shoot" from both threats are highly recommended.
 " Dimensional Fissure ", " Macro Cosmos " and " Banisher of the Radiance " can cripple this Deck as well, since " Naturia Cliff " and " Naturia Cherries " cannot activate their effects if they're banished, while also rendering " Naturia Marron ", " Naturia Eggplant " and " Naturia Mantis " useless. " Rivalry of Warlords " can also prevent this Deck from swarming, since "Naturia" monsters have different Types.
 
   
" Naturia " 「ナチュル」 Members 
 Naturia Antjaw Naturia Bamboo Shoot Naturia Barkion Naturia Beans Naturia Beast Naturia Beetle Naturia Butterfly Naturia Camellia Naturia Cherries Naturia Cliff Naturia Cosmobeet Naturia Dragonfly Naturia Eggplant Naturia Exterio Naturia Fruitfly Naturia Gaiastrio Naturia Guardian Naturia Horneedle Naturia Hydrangea Naturia Ladybug Naturia Landoise Naturia Leodrake Naturia Mantis Naturia Marron Naturia Mole Cricket Naturia Mosquito Naturia Pineapple Naturia Pumpkin Naturia Ragweed Naturia Rock Naturia Rosewhip Naturia Spiderfang Naturia Stag Beetle Naturia Stinkbug Naturia Strawberry Naturia Sunflower Naturia Tulip Naturia Vein Naturia White Oak 
 Naturia Blessing Naturia Forest Naturia Sacred Tree 
 Support 
 Naturia Antjaw Naturia Bamboo Shoot Naturia Camellia Naturia Cliff Naturia Dragonfly Naturia Eggplant Naturia Fruitfly Naturia Horneedle Naturia Hydrangea Naturia Ladybug Naturia Mantis Naturia Marron Naturia Mole Cricket Naturia Mosquito Naturia Pumpkin Naturia Stag Beetle Naturia Stinkbug Naturia Sunflower Naturia Tulip Naturia Vein Naturia White Oak 
 Barkion's Bark Exterio's Fang Landoise's Luminous Moss Leodrake's Mane Naturia Blessing Naturia Forest Naturia Sacred Tree 
 Related 
 Evilswarm Mandragora Leo, the Keeper of the Sacred Tree Ritual Beast Ulti-Gaiapelio Shaddoll Beast 
 
 v e 
 Naturia  ナチュル a   Members 
 Naturia Barkion Naturia Leodrake 
 Related 
 Evilswarm Mandragora 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/NaturiaForest-TF06-JP-VG-Area.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110925130645']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)