Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Duel_Monsters_Arena

      Promotion for Duel Monsters Arena mode     
 Duel Monsters Arena  is a Single Play mode in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Arena  first introduced on October 22, 2014. It is a variation of Virtual Arena mode with only 10 AI opponents (as opposed to Virtual Arena's unlimited, custom opponents), all of which hail from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  era. 
 These opponents consist of the following:
 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Rocket Warrior 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts 
 Insect Queen 
 This mode was temporary, and was removed after maintenance on November 5, 2014. However, players who defeated all 10 opponents at least once were able to receive  Exodia Necross  in their Gift Boxes after maintenance on November 12, 2014.
 
 Conditions 
 To Duel with one of these opponents, the player has to use a Deck ( Main Deck ,  Extra Deck  and  Side Deck  combined) consisting only of cards released during the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  era, or newer cards that were used in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  anime or the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  or  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  manga series. As such, this means that cards in all  OCG  products released up to (and including) the Japanese release of  Flaming Eternity  (that are  TCG -legal) can be used, at a minimum. This also includes cards such as " Guardian Eatos ", " Axe Dragonute ", " Shattered Axe ", etc.
 In addition,  Forbidden  cards listed in the  October 2014  TCG  Forbidden & Limited lists  that fall under these standards are treated as  Limited , a benefit exploited by the AI opponents and a benefit that can be also be exploited by the player.
 Duels are conducted with each player starting with 4000  Life Points , just like the anime and manga.
 
 Trivia 
 This mode marks the advent of Saggi the Dark Clown, Rocket Warrior and Pumpking the King of Ghosts as characters in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Arena . 
 " Detonate ", " Final Ritual of the Ancients ", " Lemuria, the Forgotten City ", " Reshef the Dark Being " and " Winged Rhynos " are the exceptions to this mode's Deck conditions.
 "Reshef the Dark Being" and its  Ritual Spell Card  are possibly because Reshef is the main antagonist in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction  (a video game set during the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  era). 
 "Detonate" is possibly because it represents the explosive properties of " Kuriboh " affected by " Multiply " in the anime/manga. However, this seemingly doesn't account for the banned " Attack the Moon! ", which is a unique attack of " Giant Soldier of Stone " in the anime/manga. Regardless, it was specifically included in  Yami Yugi 's opponent Deck for this mode. 
 Buster Blader  and  Gaia The Fierce Knight  were awarded as partners to applicable people the same day this mode was introduced (as rewards for a previous event). This was most likely in anticipation of this mode, since their initial Decklists complied with this mode's Deck conditions. 
 The partner Decks of  Yugi Muto ,  Yami Yugi ,  Seto Kaiba ,  Joey Wheeler  and  Mai Valentine  were all changed on the day this mode was released, their new Decklists accommodating the Deck restrictions of this mode. 
 Template:Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Arena 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/DuelMonstersArenaPromotion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141101203102']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Arena