Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_031


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 031 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya  faces off against " Daibak ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 唸 る 旋 風   妖仙 ロスト・トルネード！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Unaru Senpū Yōsen Rosuto Torunēdo! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Howling Whirlwind - Yosen Lost Tornado! 
 
 
 English 
 The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 031 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 9, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 13, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 5, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 February 18, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Gong the Strong " 
 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 ", known as " The Howling Whirlwind - Yosen Lost Tornado! " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 9, 2014 and in Australia on December 13, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on December 18, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 29, 2016. 
 Yuya 's first  Duel  in the  Arc League Championship  finally begins! His opponent is the one who once suffered great humiliation,  Sylvio !! Yuya is determined not to lose, and challenges the " Yosenju "  monsters  with all he's got!! On the other hand, Sylvio shows himself in a new "form" and by using the "Yosenju" monsters, his revenge scenario cannot be stopped!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistake 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
       Sylvio cosplays as "Mabuta no Haha."     
 Nico Smiley  announces the second match of the second day,  You Show Duel School 's  Yuya Sakaki  against  Leo Institute of Dueling 's  Sylvio Sawatari . As Yuya walks out into the arena, his friends cheer him on,  Yoko  musing that this is Yuya's first step in getting closer to  his father , and urging him to put his all into it . The other members of the crowd are more critical, noting that Yuya is the rumored  Pendulum  user and that they've heard that Pendulum Summoning and Yuya's victory against  The Sledgehammer  were false. But their comments are cut short when Sylvio walks into the arena, playing a tune by blowing on a leaf and dressed in a straw hat, rode and sandals.  Tate  wonders what kind of cosplay it is, and  Skip  identifies it as "Mabuta no Haha" by Hasegawa (Skip simply says it looks like a samurai in the dub). Sylvio dramatically declares that the cards are calling to him, telling him to draw, and that a new star has risen into the heavens. He declares himself Dueling's greatest star, completely befuddling Yuya and the crow. Tilting his hat, Sylvio asks if Yuya knows who he is. Yuya snaps out of his daze and comments that it's Sylvio, right? Wrong, Sylvio tells him. He's "Neo New Sylvio." He tosses off his costume, standing in his school uniform and his teeth gleam. (In the dub, Sylvio replies that, because it's a samurai costume, he fights as honorably as a samurai, and it was on sale at the costume shop.)  Kakimoto ,  Yamabe , and  Ootomo  cheer for him in the crowd (calling him a "smart shopper" in the dub). Yuya tries to point out to Sylvio that "Neo" and "New" mean the same thing, but Sylvio congratulates himself on nailing his introduction.
 Sylvio tells Yuya that he has a few grudges against him. First: he stole Sylvio's  Pendulum Cards , and then defeated him with them, a disgraceful act. Yuya protests that Sylvio had stolen them in the first place, and Sylvio continues that Yuya had an  Xyz -using  doppelganger  injure him, to which Yuya replies that it wasn't him, and Sylvio wasn't injured. Sylvio nearly loses his composure, and states that third, Yuya attacked and injured  his father ; there is no greater disgrace. Yuya points out that that  wasn't him  either, and Sylvio gets an embarrassed look on his face, then claims that he'll repay those disgraces a hundred times over. He tells Yuya to mark his words; Yuya will lose this Duel and experience the greatest defeat ever. Nico comments that Sylvio is already declaring his victory.  Dipper  comments that Sylvio's introductions are always so long-winded (in the dub, he says Yuya will finally be put in his place). Sylvio then claims that Pendulum Summoning may have led Yuya to victory up until now, but today it will be the path to his defeat. Yuya is surprised by the comment, and Sylvio gives him a savage grin. Yuya remembers in shock when Sylvio had told him that there had been rumors of  Leo Corporation  independently developing their own Pendulum Cards, and Sylvio's vows to get them and defeat Yuya. He wonders if Sylvio has Pendulum Cards.
 Nico wonders how this match will turn out and then declares that they'll select the  Field , and the card spins around in the globe above them until it reveals " Sunset Stronghold ". Nico activates the card, and a barren wasteland materializes around the Duelists, with a wooden temple behind Sylvio that is surrounded by a trench. Sylvio yells, "Let's go! Duelists locked in battle!" Yuya calls, "Kicking against the earth and dancing in the air alongside their monsters!" Both of them yell, "They storm through this field!" Nico finishes, "Behold! This is the newest and greatest evolution of Dueling! ACTION!" Yuya and Sylvio declare, "DUEL! (in the dub, Yuya and Sylvio simply banter about who the best Duelist will be; Nico Smiley says he'll scream over the thought of how exciting the Duel will be, and he does just that)" and Nico snaps his fingers to scatter the  Action Cards .
 Sylvio lets Yuya go first, and Yuya declares his turn,  Normal Summoning  " Performapal Drummerilla " by reducing its  Level  by 1 since neither of them control any monsters. "Drummerilla" appears, reduced to  Level 4 , and Yuya  Sets  a card to end his turn.
 Sylvio tells himself that his legendary revenge Duel has begun, and he declares his turn, drawing and immediately activating " Yosen Training Grounds ". An altar with several candles on it appears behind him, and he explains that when he Normal or  Special Summons  a " Yosenju " monster, he can light up one " Yosen Counter ." (In the dub, Sylvio never refers to them as "Counters", only referring to them as "Candles".) Yuya is surprised at the use of  Counters , and Sylvio continues his turn by Summoning " Yosenju Kama 1 ". The  Beast-Warrior  emerges from a red whirlwind, but immediately sets off another, as Sylvio explains that when "Kama 1" is Normal Summoned, he can immediately Normal Summon another "Yosenju" monster from his hand, and he Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 2 ". "Kama 2" appears from a blue whirlwind, and then, just like "Kama 1", it too sets off another whirlwind. Sylvio explains that "Kama 2" also allows him to immediately Normal Summon another "Yosenju" monster, and this time he Summons " Yosenju Kama 3 ", who appears from a green whirlwind. Nico asks what this is, as Sylvio has managed to Summon three monsters in an instant. Sylvio laughs, claiming that being able to Summon multiple monsters at once isn't unique to Pendulum Summoning. Since he's Summoned three "Yosenju" monsters, Sylvio lights up three "Yosen Counters." Three of the candles on the "Training Grounds" altar light up. 
 Ally  calls it creepy, and Tate admits that Sylvio's Deck might be pretty strong.  Yamabe  calls Sylvio amazing, and  Ootomo  claims that Sylvio is really the best. Sylvio activates the effect of "Kama 1". Just once, when he controls another "Yosenju" monster, he can return one card Yuya controls to his hand. Yuya gasps in shock as "Kama 1" lassos "Drummerilla" with its chain whip and it dissolves. Skip gasps that Yuya's field is wide open now, and Sylvio declares his  Battle Phase , attacking with "Kama 1". Zuzu cries Yuya's name as the "Yosenju" charges towards Yuya while swinging its chain-whip, but he takes off running and activates a  Continuous Trap Card , " Performapal Pinch Helper ." It negates a direct attack when it's activated, and then allows him to Special Summon a " Performapal " from his Deck with 800 or less  ATK  and its effects negated. As "Kama 1" stops short, Yuya Special Summons " Performapal Kaleidoscorp " in  Defense Position , who's 2300  DEF  is higher than any of Sylvio's monsters, so now he can't attack anymore. Sylvio responds by activating the effect of "Kama 2", who can attack directly by cutting its damage in half. Zuzu realizes that the attack will just pass through the defending monster like it was nothing. Yuya quickly begins to flee towards the castle drawbridge, but Sylvio warns him that he won't let him get an Action Card and he unleashes his attack. Yuya is knocked off the bridge and into the empty moat, his  LP  falling to 3100. Sylvio looks down at him and he activates the effect of "Kama 3"; when another "Yosenju" monster he controls inflict battle damage, he can add a "Yosenju" monster from his Deck to his hand. He adds " Yosenju Oyam " and shows the card to Yuya. Next, Sylvio activates the effect of "Yosen Training Grounds," removing three "Yosen Counters" to add a "Yosenju" monster from his Deck to his hand, and this time he adds " Mayosenju Daibak ," though he doesn't show the card to Yuya. Commenting that it would be boring if he ended things so quickly, he Sets a card to end his turn. The effects of the "Kama" brothers then return them all to his hand during the  End Phase , and the brothers disappear into a whirlwind. Yuya wonders, given Sylvio's use of a card effect to return his monsters to his hand and leave his field wide open, if he's planning something. Sylvio suggests to Yuya that they continue the show, Nico remarks that Sylvio is taunting his opponent without a care in the world.
 Yuya thinks that even if it may be a trap, he'll do everything he can with his Dueling. He draws " Timegazer Magician " and exclaims that it's here, then he Sets the  Pendulum Scale  using the Scale 1 " Stargazer Magician " and the Scale 8 " Timegazer Magician ". As the two monsters appear in their  Pendulum Zones , Yuya explains that he can simultaneously Summon monsters from  Level 2  to  7 . The kids cheer for the imminent Pendulum Summon, while Shay watches from the sidelines. Yuya  chants  "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Come, my monsters! (Dub: "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready to swing into action!")" He Pendulum Summons, both from his hand, "Performapal Drummerilla", and "with its radiant dual-colored-eyes," " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ." Nico announces to the crowd that this is the Pendulum Summoning that Yuya used to defeat the Sledgehammer (Sledgehammer isn't mentioned at this point in the dub), and the crowd responds positively. Yuya comments that now it's his turn, and Tate exclaims that if Yuya can attack directly with both "Odd-Eyes" and "Drummerilla", then he wins.  Sora  comments that it looks like a trap no matter how one looks at it, though. Yuya attacks directly with "Odd-Eyes," and Sylvio activates the effect of "Yosenju Oyam" from his hand. By discarding a "Yosenju" monster from his hand, he can Special Summon "Oyam." He discards " Yosenju Kodam ", and "Oyam" towers over the field. Since another "Yosenju" monster was Summoned, Sylvio's "Training Grounds" gains another "Yosen Counter". Yuya is surprised to see that it has undetermined ATK, and Sylvio explains that the ATK of "Oyam" is the same as the original ATK of the monster that it is battling. "Oyam" rises to 2500 ATK, and Sylvio asks Yuya if he'll crash his monster into Sylvio's. Yuya responds by activating the effect of "Drummerilla", which can increase the ATK of a monster by 600 during the Battle Phase. "Drummerilla" pounds on its chest-drums and sends out a shockwave that boosts "Odd-Eyes" to 3100 ATK. Yuya has "Odd-Eyes" resume its attack, and "Odd-Eyes" attacks with "Strike Burst of Spirals", blasting a hole in "Oyam." He reminds Sylvio of "Odd-Eyes'" effect to double battle damage with a  Level 5  or higher monster, and the second plume of flame destroys "Oyam" and sends Sylvio flying, reducing him to 2800 LP. Nico comments that that one must have hurt as Sylvio lands. But Sylvio activates the last effect of "Oyam," allowing him to add another from his Deck to his hand. Nico informs the audience of the twist as Sylvio holds the card high. Knowing that Sylvio will just Summon another "Oyam" if he attacks, Yuya instead decides to end his turn before running down the moat.
 Sylvio watches him go, stating that from here on, it's the real deal, "Sylvio's Legendary Revenge Duel." (he doesn't say this name in the dub) He tells Yuya that just like he told Yuya, Pendulum Summoning will lead to his defeat. Zuzu is surprised at the comment, and  Julia  comments that Sylvio just loves to narrate everything. Telling Yuya to behold, Sylvio begins his turn and draws " Yosen Whirlwind " with a grin. He Summons "Yosenju Kama 1" from his hand, and then, just as he did before, brings out "Kama 2" and "Kama 3". Since he's Summoned three "Yosenju" monsters, he lights up three more "Yosen Counters" on "Training Grounds". As Nico fills the crowd in, Ally gasps that this is the same as his last turn, and  Frederick  panics, since at this rate, "Kama 1" will bounce "Odd-Eyes" back to Yuya's hand (in the dub, he compares the situation to sauerkraut with mustard). But instead of using the effect of "Kama 1", Sylvio enters his Battle Phase and uses the effect of "Kama 2" to attack directly. Yuya is surprised at the direct attack, as is  Zuzu , and Sora frowns, knowing that there must be a reason for that. Yuya leaps up, grabbing a stake in the wall and swinging towards an Action Card, but he's blown away before he can reach it and the card itself is blown out of the wall. Yuya lands with a crash on the ground, and Sylvio activates the effect of "Kama 3", whose dagger shines as Sylvio adds a "Yosenju" card from his Deck to his hand - the Pendulum Monster, " Yosenju Shichu L ". 
 The crowd bursts into murmurs as Nico explains that Sylvio has a Pendulum Card. Yuya muses that Sylvio really does have Pendulum Cards, and Sylvio activates the effect of "Training Grounds", removing three "Yosen Counters" to add a "Yosenju" monster from his Deck to his hand. This time, he adds the Pendulum Monster, " Yosenju Shichu R ". Yuya mutters that Sylvio has two Pendulum Cards now, and Sylvio Sets the Pendulum Scale with the Scale 3 "Shichu L" and the Scale 5 "Shichu R." Both monsters rise in their Pendulum Zones successfully, and Yuya gasps that Sylvio did it, but with a Scale of 3 and 5, he can only Summon Level 4 monsters. Sylvio laughs, commenting that that's not the case. He activates the Pendulum effect of "Shichu R"; if he has a "Yosenju" card in his other Pendulum Zone, he can increase "Shichu R's" Scale to 11 until the end of the turn. With this, he's able to Summon multiple monsters from Levels 4 to  10 , and he declares a Pendulum Summon. The portal opens, releasing a giant green tornado, and Sylvio chants "Oh wind-clad chief of phantoms! Gouge those lands with your raging cloak! Come forth,  Mayosenju Daibak ! ((Dub) "Behold, a beast born from the howls of the wind, a creature composed of chaos and cruelty. I give you,  Mayosenju Daibak !")" "Daibak", a giant weasel of green wind, roars as it stands with 3000 ATK.
 Nico asks what this is, Sylvio has just successfully Pendulum Summoned. In the  Leo Corporation  control room, the technicians declare that the Pendulum Summon has been confirmed; the Summoning energy is normal, as is the image, power balance, and mass.  Claude  tells  Declan  that it's a success. Yamabe claims the "Neo New Sylvio" is amazing, and  Kakimoto  claims that "Yosenju" are the best (in the dub, he says he's going as Sylvio for Halloween). Sylvio reminds them that "Training Grounds" gains one more "Yosen Counter". The crowd are surprised at Sylvio's capability to Pendulum Summon, given their limited information on the Summon. Skip muses to  Yoko  that they knew that this would happen someday, but he didn't think that it would be this soon. Tate gasps that the Summoned monster is also Level 10. Sylvio is energized by the crowd, telling them to cheer more, yelling "The fun has just begun!" (and prompting an annoyed Ally to protest that that's Yuya's line) (in the dub, Sylvio says the crowd loves him; Ally protests that they love Yuya more). Drunk in his excitement, Sylvio claims that he truly is chosen by the cards, and he doesn't just have Pendulum Summoning in his arsenal, he is going to go beyond it. He activates the effect of "Daibak"; when it's Special Summoned, he can return two cards on the field to the hand, and he chooses "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician". "Daibak" blasts a tornado at the two " Magicians " and returns them to card form. Then Sylvio activates the Continuous Trap Card " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village " since he controls "Daibak", which will return any non-"Yosenju" monster that is sent back to the hand to the Deck. Nico is shocked that Yuya's Pendulum Cards will be sent to his Deck, and explains that Yuya's Pendulum Summoning has been sealed. On top of that, Sylvio pays 800 LP to activate the  Continuous Spell Card , " Yosen Whirlwind ", and then he ends his turn. But his turn doesn't simply end, of course, since the three "Kama" brothers return to his hand during the End Phase.
 Smiling, Sylvio explains that Yuya will now bear witness to the Sylvio legendary combo, "Yosen Lost Tornado." He explains the effect of "Yosen Whirlwind"; when a "Yosenju" card returns from his field to his hand, he can return one of his opponent's cards to their hand. And with the effect of "Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village", the cards will be returned to the Deck instead. Twin tornadoes emerge from the cards and blast "Drummerilla", "Kaleidoscorp", and "Pinch Helper" back into the Deck. Zuzu gasps that more and more cards are being wiped off Yuya's field, and Gong exclaims that only "Odd-Eyes" remains. Laughing, Sylvio claims that he'll be having "Odd-Eyes" leave the stage too, and the effect of "Daibak" returns itself to the hand since it was Special Summoned. He declares "Yosen Lost Tornado", again as "Odd-Eyes" vanishes, commenting in English, "Bye-bye, Odd-Eyes! (in the dub, the latter part is replaced with "Won't miss you!)" Yuya realizes why Sylvio didn't use the effect of "Kama 1" earlier, so that he could send "Odd-Eyes" to the Deck instead of back to the hand. Sylvio asks Yuya what the thinks; the tornado literally catches the opponent's cards in a dizzying whirlwind and returns them to the Deck. He declares that it is the Sylvio Legend Combo, "Yosen Lost Tornado". (in the dub, he says that the star is shining on him now). Dipper muses that Sylvio has sealed Yuya's Pendulum Summoning, and  Kit  comments that that's pretty good coming from Sylvio. Julia snorts that Sylvio's naming sense was awful though. Finally, the Pendulum Scale of "Shichu R" returns to normal.
 Claude realizes that this is the Pendulum sealing technique that Declan taught Sylvio. Declan explains that Pendulum Monsters can revive themselves on the next turn whether they are destroyed or returned to their hand, which is their greatest strength, but not if they are returned to the Deck (in the dub, he instead wonders if Yuya will get out of this).
 Nico explains that Yuya's field has been laid bare, and with one card in his hand, he's truly in a do-or-die situation. Yuya quietly declares his turn, and Skip, Gong, and the kids all shout encouragement at him. Zuzu tells them to wait, since Yuya is smiling, much to everyone's shock. Yuya thinks that he's been completely cornered, but he feels so excited. Sylvio tells Yuya that it's time that they settle this once and for all, and Yuya laughs, commenting that the Duel has only just begun. He declares his turn, draws, and then Sets both the cards in his hand face-down, ending his turn, to Zuzu's surprise. Sylvio comments in mock disappointment that he went out of the way to hype things up only for Yuya to do something so boring, though he guesses that it couldn't be helped with an empty hand and no Pendulum Summons. But Yuya is already jumping up to the top of the wall, explaining that if he doesn't have any cards, then he just has to look for more. He begins to sprint off, and Zuzu cries his name, but  Gong  reassures her that it'll be fine, since Yuya's eyes are still full of strength, and Zuzu smiles. Yuya declares that the fun has only just begun (in the dub, he says it's time for his biggest production yet).
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
       Sylvio  vs.  Yuya , the revenge Duel begins.     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Sunset Stronghold " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Yuya 
As he  controls  no  monsters ,  Yuya   Special Summons  " Performapal Drummerilla " (1600/900) from his  hand  in  Attack Position  by reducing its Level by 1, to 4. Yuya  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Sylvio 
 Sylvio   draws  the  Continuous Spell Card  " Yosen Training Grounds " and  activates  it. It will gain 1  Yosen Counter  every time he  Normal  or Special Summons a " Yosenju " monster. Sylvio Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 1 " (1600/500). (Yosen Counter 0 → 1). As it was Normal Summoned, he activates its effect, which lets him Normal Summon another " Yosenju " monster, except "Kama 1". He Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 2 " (1800/200) (Yosen Counter 1 → 2). As it was Normal Summoned, he activates its effect, which also lets him Normal Summon another "Yosenju" monster, except "Kama 2". He Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 3 " (1500/800) (Yosen Counter 2 → 3). Sylvio activates the other effect of "Kama 1", which lets him  target  a  face-up  card Yuya controls and  return  it to the hand. He returns "Drummerilla". "Kama 1"  attacks   directly , but Yuya activates his  face-down   Continuous Trap Card , " Performapal Pinch Helper ", which lets him  negate  a direct attack and Special Summon a " Performapal " monster with 800  ATK  or less from his  Deck  with its effects negated. He Special Summons " Performapal Kaleidoscorp " (100/2300) in  Defense Position . "Kama 2" attacks directly via its own effect, but the  battle damage  is halved. Yuya attempts to get an Action Card, but is intercepted by the attack of "Kama 2" (Yuya 4000 → 3100). Since a "Yosenju" other than "Kama 3" inflicted battle damage to the opponent, Sylvio activates the effect of "Kama 3", which lets him  add  a "Yosenju" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds " Yosenju Oyam ". He activates the effect of "Training Grounds", removing 3 Yosen Counters (Yosen Counter 3 → 0) to add another "Yosenju" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds " Mayosenju Daibak ". Sylvio Sets a card. During his  End Phase , the effects of "Kama 1", "Kama 2" and "Kama 3" activate, returning them to the hand since they were Normal Summoned this turn.
 Turn 3: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Timegazer Magician ". Yuya activates "Stargazer Magician" (   1) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . He  Pendulum Summons  "Performapal Drummerilla" and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000). "Odd-Eyes" attacks directly, but Sylvio activates the effect of the "Yosenju Oyam" in his hand, which lets him  send  another "Yosenju" monster from his hand to the Graveyard in order to Special Summon "Oyam" (?/?). He sends " Yosenju Kodam " and Special Summons "Oyam" in  Attack Position  (Yosen Counter 0 → 1). Its  ATK  and  DEF  become equal to the  original ATK  of the monster who attacked ("Oyam" ?/? → 2500/2500). As a monster he controls is  battling , Yuya activates the effect of "Drummerilla", targeting "Odd-Eyes" to have it gain 600 ATK ("Odd-Eyes" 2500/2000 → 3100/2000). "Odd-Eyes" destroys "Oyam", and since it was a  Level  5 or higher monster, the battle damage is doubled (Sylvio 4000 → 2800). Sylvio activates the effect of "Oyam", as it was destroyed by battle, letting him add another copy of "Oyam" from his Deck to his hand.
 Turn 4: Sylvio 
Sylvio Normal Summons "Kama 1" (Yosen Counter 1 → 2), activating its effect to Normal Summon "Kama 2" ( Yosen Counter 2 → 3), and also activating the latter's effect to Normal Summon "Kama 3" (Yosen Counter 3 → 4). The effect of "Kama 2" lets it attack Yuya directly by halving the battle damage it inflicts. Yuya attempts to get an Action Card, but is intercepted by the attack of "Kama 2" (Yuya 3100 → 2200). He activates the effect of "Kama 3" again, adding " Yosenju Shinchu L " from his Deck to his hand. He then activates the effect of "Training Grounds", removing 3 Yosen Counters (Yosen Counter 4 → 1) to add " Yosenju Shinchu R " from his Deck to his hand. Sylvio activates "Shinchu L" (   3) and "Shinchu R" (   5) in his  Pendulum Zones . He then activates the effect of "Shinchu R"; since he has a "Yosenju" card in his other Pendulum Zone, he increases its  Pendulum Scale  to 11 ("Shinchu R":    5 → 11) until the End Phase, though he can only Special Summon "Yosenju" monsters this turn. Sylvio Pendulum Summons "Mayosenju Daibak" (3000/300) (Yosen Counter 1 → 2). He activates its effect, letting him return up to two cards on the field to the owner's hand. He targets "Timegazer" and "Stargazer", but before the effect  resolves , since he controls "Daibak", he activates his face-down " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village ". When a non-"Yosenju" card would return from the field to the hand, it's  shuffled  into the Deck instead. Both cards  resolve , thus "Timegazer" and "Stargazer" are shuffled into Yuya's Deck. Sylvio activates " Yosen Whirlwind " by  paying  800  Life Points  (Sylvio 2800 → 2000). At the End Phase, "Kama 1", "Kama 2" and "Kama 3" return to the hand, triggering the effect of "Yosen Whirlwind", which lets Sylvio return a card from the field to the hand every time a "Yosenju" monster he controls returns to the hand. Since three "Yosenju" returned to the hand, he chooses to return Yuya's "Kaleidoscorp", "Pinch Helper" and "Drummerilla", and due to "Dizzying Winds", they are shuffled into the Deck instead. The effect of "Daibak" activates, returning itself to the hand since it was Special Summoned this turn, and thanks to "Whirlwind" and "Dizzying Winds", Sylvio shuffles "Odd-Eyes" into Yuya's Deck.
 Turn 5: Yuya 
Yuya Sets two cards. He moves to find an Action Card.
 Duel continues in  the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Drummerilla 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Performapal Pinch Helper 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Kama 1 
 Yosenju Kama 2 
 Yosenju Kama 3 
 Yosenju Kodam 
 Yosenju Oyam  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Yosen Whirlwind 
 Traps 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sunset Stronghold 
 Mistake 
 In some scenes,  Yuya 's and  Sylvio 's  hands  show the old  card backings . This was corrected in the dub. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  English 
 The Pendulum Swings Both Ways (part 1)
 
 
  French 
 Le pendule se balance des deux côtés - Partie 1
 
 
  German 
 Das Pendel schwingt in beide Richtungen (1)
 
 
  Italian 
 Avversari alla pari (prima parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 포효하는 회오리, 요선 로스트 토네이도
 
 
  Thai 
 ลมหมุนคำราม เซียนปีศาจ ลอส ทอร์นาโด
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/ArcV_031.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141111084956', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Arc_V_Silvio_dressed_in_Mabuta_no_Haha.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142718', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Sawatari_VS_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20141111085034', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes