Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kattobingu

      Yuma recovering Kattobingu     
 Kattobingu  (かっとビング) is a term used by  Yuma Tsukumo  in the original Japanese  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  series. In the English dubbed anime, it is usually changed to "feeling the flow" and/or "high five the sky"; in the English manga, to "jetting". The term has no actual meaning, and has many possible origins. It may come from either  katto  (カッと), which means "to flare up" or "to act resolutely", or from  kattobasu  (かっ飛ばす), which means "to slam" or "to knock out", while  bingu  may either be simply a Japanese rendering of the English onomatopoeia "bing", a combination of the aforementioned Japanese  kattobasu  and the English  -ing  suffix, or a term added to the end of the word to make it sound "cool". 
 The term is used by Yuma as a catchphrase, created by his father,  Kazuma Tsukumo  and was passed on to him. Yuma considers it to be among the most important things his father ever taught him. According to him, the meaning behind the term is to never give up even if it seems impossible, to always challenge, and to believe in oneself. [1]  Yuma follows this thought firmly thanks to the  pendant  his father gave him, which makes him feel like his father is always with him and thus makes him able to "kattobingu", no matter how much other people laughed at him. [2] [3] 
 This term appears in the name of " Hi-Five the Sky " ( Kattobingu Challenge ). The Field Spell " Onomatopia " uses " Hi-Five the Sky Counters " ( Kattobingu Counter ).  The  illegal  card " Creator of Hope " requires the player to shout a phrase including this term as a  cost  in order to  activate  its effect.
 
 Versions 
 After hearing it from Yuma, other characters have also developed their own versions of "Kattobingu":
 
 
 
 User
 
 Japanese
 
 English
 
 Portmanteau 
 
 
 Cathy Katherine 
 
 キャットビング  Kyattobingu [4] 
 
 "Catbingu"
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and "cat".
 
 
 Pip 
 
 ドッグビング  Doggubingu [5] 
 
 "Dogbingu"
 
 Modeled after Cathy's "catbingu", this is a similar portmanteau of "kattobingu" and "dog".
 
 
 Tori Meadows 
 
 かっとビング 小鳥  Kattobingu Kotori [6] [7] 
 
 "Tori Kattobingu"
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and  Tori Meadows ' first name in the Japanese version, Kotori.
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 
 カイトビング  Kaitobingu [8] 
 
 "Kitebingu"
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and  Kite Tenjo 's first name in Japanese, Kaito.
 
 
 Caswell Francis 
 
 とどろビング  Todorobingu 
 
 "Francisbingu"
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and  Caswell Francis 's last name in Japanese, Todoroki. [9] 
 
 
 Girag 
 
 終わったビング  Owattabingu [10] 
 
 "It's the end-bingu"/"I'm finished-bingu"
 
 This is a parody of "kattobingu", uttered by Girag when he was about to be defeated alongside Yuma and disappear.
 
 
 Orbital 7 
 
 Kashikomaringu da, oira   [11] 
 
 "Understood-ingu"/"Roger-ingu"
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and "kashikomari" (meaning "Understood" or "Roger"), a typical expression used by Orbital 7.
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 ウエディンビング  Weddinbingu [12] 
 
 Weddingbingu
 
 This is a portmanteau of "kattobingu" and "wedding".
 
 Trivia 
 Before the English dub's release, the English fanbase came up with several equivalents, such as "Bring It to 'Em", "Pop Flying" and "Fly High to the Sky" or "Rise to the Sky", but it is ultimately a made-up word and therefore cannot be properly translated. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 2: " A Mysterious Life-Form?! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 11: " Heartland!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 39: " Pets Peeved " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 10: " New Enemies!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 77: " Rule Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Yuma_recovers_Kattobingu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131019193954']
Categories: Sayings