Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_Tag_Force_4


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王  ５Ｄ＇ｓ  ＴＡＧ ＦＯＲＣＥ 4 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yūgiō Faibu Dīzu TAG FORCE 4 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 PSP 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  September 17, 2009  November 17, 2009 [1]  November 26, 2009 [2]  January 22, 2010 [3]  November 26, 2009 
 
 
 Genre 
 Card Battling 
 
 
 Ratings 
 7+ 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4  is the fourth installment in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force  series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Features 
 
 1.1   Rule 
 1.2   System 
 1.3   UMD recognition 
 1.4   Cards 
 
 
 2   Tag Force 4  card exclusives 
 3   Downloadable cards 
 4   Starter Deck contents 
 5   Characters 
 
 5.1   Duelists 
 5.2   Non-duelists 
 
 
 6   Character storylines 
 7   Locations 
 8   Other notes 
 9   Promotional cards 
 10   Bugs 
 11   References 
 12   External links 
 
 
 Features 
 Rule 
 Uses the Official Card Game  Master Rules . 
 Uses the  March 2009 Banlist  as default. 
 System 
 The  Destiny Draw  system from Tag Force 2 and 3 returns. Along with a new Partner Synchro, (for one turn you control which card your partner chooses) which can be used over the Destiny Draw. 
 Features Cinematic Summoning and Attack Sequences available for  Red Dragon Archfiend ,  Stardust Dragon ,  Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ,  Earthbound Immortal Cusillu ,  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu ,  Earthbound Immortal Uru ,  Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ,  Power Tool Dragon ,  Gadget Hauler ,  Exploder Dragonwing ,  Junk Warrior ,  Black Rose Dragon ,  Ancient Fairy Dragon ,  Blackwing Armor Master ,  Blackwing Armed Wing , and  Goyo Guardian . All previous TF3 Monster Summon/Attack animations no longer exist except for  Blue Eyes White Dragon ,  Light and Darkness Dragon  and the victory conditions of  Destiny Board  and  Exodia . 
 The game's loading screen features a random one of Carly's  Fortune Fairies . 
 You cannot see the cards in your partner's hand unless you use Partner Synchro. 
 Up to 200 Deck recipes can be stored. 
 UMD recognition 
 UMD Recognition with  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  unlocks " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", " Philosopher's Stone - Sabatiel ", " Crystal Skull ", " Jinzo " (Anniversary Edition) and " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " (Anniversary Edition) for use and  Mina Simington  (angry version) as an opponent. 
 UMD Recognition with  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2  unlocks " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", " Power Wall ", " Dark Magician " (Anniversary Edition), " Dark Magician Girl " (Anniversary Edition) and " Ashoka Pillar " for use and  Akiza Izinski  (Duel Academy version) as an opponent. 
 UMD Recognition with  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3  unlocks " Obelisk the Tormentor ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (Anniversary Edition), " Berserker Soul ", " Miracle Contact " and " Cabrera Stone " for use and  Kalin Kessler  (Enforcer version) as an opponent. 
 UMD Recognition with all previous  Tag Force  games unlocks " Triangle O " for use. 
 UMD Recognition with any one of the  Tag Force  games unlocks the  Generation Next  Booster Pack in the shop. 
 Unlike previous games, the  Konami Code  does not unlock a pack. Instead, the player, at the card shop, should press the right directional button 5 times, the square button 7 times and the select button 3 times. This unlocks the  High Noon Constellation  pack. This references 573, the  gorowase  pronunciation for " Konami ". 
 Cards 
 Contains 4063 cards, including  Duel Terminal - Dragunity of the Hurricane!! ,  Structure Deck: Warrior's Strike ,  Extra Pack Volume 2  and most of  Stardust Overdrive  (with the exception of cards not part of the  Dark Signers  arc). It also includes a few cards that did not appear in  OCG / TCG  until after Tag Force 4 came out: " Zeman the Ape King ", " Underground Arachnid " & " Break! Draw! " in  Absolute Powerforce ; " Tuning " in  Starstrike Blast ; and " Hundred-Eyes Dragon " as one of the  Weekly Shōnen Jump promotional cards . 
 Features  Dark Tuner monsters  and  Dark Synchro Monsters . 
 There are no  Speed Spells  and  Turbo Duels  in Tag Force 4. 
 Tag Force 4  card exclusives 
 As with all the other  Tag Force  games, exclusive anime-only cards (namely the  Dark Synchro  and  Dark Tuner  monsters) were placed into  Tag Force 4 . Anime exclusive cards from the previous 3 games are present, but not listed here.
 Bolded cards have been printed in the OCG since this videogame was released.
 
 
 Tag Force 4  card exclusives Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Ann 
 Fortune Fairy Chee 
 Fortune Fairy En 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari 
 Fortune Fairy Hu 
 Fortune Fairy Swee 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ashoka Pillar 
 Assault Dog 
 Blizzard Lizard 
 Break Draw 
 Cabrera Stone 
 Crystal Skull 
 Gate Defender 
 Giant Ushi Oni 
 Masked Knight LV3 
 Masked Knight LV5 
 Masked Knight LV7 
 Dark Tuner monsters 
 Dark Tuner Catastrogue 
 Dark Tuner Chaos Rogue 
 Dark Tuner Dark Ape 
 Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand 
 Dark Tuner Spider Cocoon Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 Dark Diviner 
 Frozen Fitzgerald 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Zeman the Ape King Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Central Shield 
 Dark Matter 
 Dark Wave 
 Ice Mirror 
 Luck Loan 
 Miracle Stone 
 Pain to Power 
 Power Converter 
 Triangle O 
 Unacceptable Result 
 Traps 
 Altar of the Bound Deity 
 Chariot Pile 
 Cursed Prison 
 Defender's Mind 
 Discord Counter 
 Synchro Back 
 Synchro Spirits 
 Terminal Countdown 
 Trick Battle 
 Wiretap 
 Downloadable cards 
 (Current as of October 12, 2011) 
 
 Ape Fighter 
 Closed Forest 
 Ape Magician 
 Roaring Earth 
 Genex Controller 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Gigaplant 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend 
 Dark Strike Fighter 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Tuner Capture 
 Majestic Star Dragon 
 Ritual Foregone 
 Elemental Hero Prisma 
 A Major Upset 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode 
 Royal Oppression 
 Marshmallon 
 Majestic Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Ally of Justice Catastor 
 Shield Worm 
 Assault Mode Activate 
 Miracle Stone 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Altar of the Bound Deity 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Regretful Rebirth 
 Worm Bait 
 Warm Worm 
 Starter Deck contents 
 
 Player's starting Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Abyss Soldier 
 Acolyte of the Ice Barrier 
 Armed Sea Hunter 
 Cyber Shark 
 Deepsea Macrotrema 
 Deep Sea Diva 
 Divine Dragon Aquabizarre 
 Feng Shui Master of the Ice Barrier 
 Fenrir 
 Fishborg Blaster 
 Ice Blast User Rice 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Mermaid Archer 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Ocean's Keeper 
 Oyster Meister 
 Penguin Soldier 
 Skreech 
 Snowman Eater 
 Spined Gillman 
 Warrior of Atlantis Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 Sea Dragon Lord Gishilnodon 
 X-Saber Urbellum 
 In the Side Deck 
 
 Dragon Ice 
 Dupe Frog 
 Flipped Frog 
 Practitioner of the Ice Barrier 
 Royal Swamp Eel 
 Shark Cruiser 
 Submarine Frog 
 Submarineroid 
 Substitoad 
 Unifrog Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Legendary Ocean 
 Big Wave Small Wave 
 Book of Moon 
 Enemy Controller 
 Hydro Pressure Cannon 
 Salvage 
 Synchro Boost 
 Terraforming 
 Umiiruka 
 Water Hazard 
 In the Side Deck 
 
 Cold Wave 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Wetlands 
 Traps 
 Aegis of the Ocean Dragon Lord 
 Dark Bribe 
 Dust Tornado 
 Limit Reverse 
 Miniaturize 
 Raigeki Break 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Widespread Ruin 
 In the Side Deck 
 
 Spiritual Water Art - Aoi 
 Ultimate Offering 
 Characters 
 Main article:  Portal: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4  characters 
 Duelists 
 
 
 Duelist 1 
 
 
 No 
 Duelist 
 Kind of Deck 
 
 
 001 
 Yusei Fudo  ( Signer  and Satellite) 
 Stardust / Junk / Synchron / Warrior  Deck
 
 
 002 
 Jack Atlas 
 Dragon  and  Fiend  Deck
 
 
 003 
 Akiza Izinski  ( Signer  and Duel Academy) 
 Plant  Deck
 
 
 004 
 Leo 
 Morphtronic  Deck
 
 
 005 
 Luna 
 Fire Princess  and  Anti-Heal  Deck
 
 
 006 
 Crow Hogan 
 Blackwing  Deck
 
 
 007 
 Carly Carmine  (Reporter and  Dark Signer ) 
 Fortune Fairy  Deck /  Fortune Lady  Deck
 
 
 008 
 Misty Tredwell  (Top Model and  Dark Signer ) 
 WATER   Reptile  Deck /  Reptilianne  Deck
 
 
 009 
 Kalin Kessler  (Enforcer and  Dark Signer ) 
 Archfiend  Deck /  Infernity  Deck
 
 
 010 
 Devack 
 Beast  Deck
 
 
 011 
 Roman Goodwin 
 Spider  Deck
 
 
 012 
 Tetsu Trudge  (Security and Shadow Drone) 
 Warrior  Deck /  Mill  Deck
 
 
 013 
 Rally Dawson 
 Turbo  Deck
 
 
 014 
 Mina Simington  (Normal and angry) 
 Fairy  Deck /  Burn  Deck
 
 
 Duelist 2 
 
 
 No 
 Duelist 
 Kind of Deck 
 
 
 015 
 Mimicry 
 Normally uses  Anti-Meta  Decks, but his Partner Deck can be freely edited. Can be given any decklist to use for mirror matches in Free Duel mode.
 
 
 016 
 Takuya Ito  (Changed to  Georg ) 
 Synchro Cat  Deck
 
 
 017 
 Yasuto Suzuki  (Changed to  Hose ) 
 Evil Hero  Deck
 
 
 018 
 Hiroshi Kumakura  (Changed to  Lioside ) 
 Harpie  Deck
 
 
 019 
 Dean 
 Gladiator Beast  Deck
 
 
 020 
 Wade 
 Counter Fairy  Deck
 
 
 021 
 Yasunobu Hamada  (Changed to  Gillian ) 
 Batteryman  Deck
 
 
 022 
 KENYoU 
 Deck based around taking  control  of monsters
 
 
 023 
 Bivin 
 Turtle-themed Deck
 
 
 024 
 Masaya Nakamura  (Changed to  Rio ) 
 Deck based on  Silent Swordsman  and  Silent Magician 
 
 
 025 
 Mathew 
 Final Attack Orders  Deck
 
 
 026 
 Enzo 
 Rock  Deck
 
 
 027 
 Shuji Kubota  (Changed to  Terence ) 
 Gemini  Deck
 
 
 028 
 Simon 
 Chaos  Deck
 
 
 029 
 Jaime 
 Alien  Deck
 
 
 030 
 Syun 
 WIND   LV  Deck
 
 
 031 
 Disa 
 Monarch  Deck
 
 
 032 
 Masha 
 Horus Lockdown  Deck
 
 
 033 
 Peta Kelvin  (Changed to  Rie ) 
 Psychic  Deck
 
 
 034 
 Jewels 
 Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys  Deck
 
 
 035 
 Andrea 
 Jurrac  Deck
 
 
 036 
 Lily 
 Exodia  Deck
 
 
 037 
 Seaside Muramoto  (Changed to  Maki ) 
 Sea Serpent  Deck
 
 
 038 
 Anca 
 Warrior Toolbox  Deck
 
 
 039 
 Yumi 
 Discard  Deck
 
 
 040 
 Celia 
 Dark Simorgh  Deck
 
 
 041 
 No Money Yayoi  (Changed to  Rei ) 
 Dark Scorpion  Deck
 
 
 042 
 Kaia 
 Destiny Hero  Deck
 
 
 043 
 Maia 
 Final Countdown  Deck
 
 
 044 
 Maci 
 Roid  Deck
 
 
 045 
 Nataly 
 Ninja  Deck
 
 
 046 
 Kami 
 Fish  Deck
 
 
 047 
 Wisteria 
 Ritual Summon  Deck
 
 
 048 
 Cherry 
 Beast / Machine  Deck
 
 
 049 
 Yuma 
 Neos  Deck
 
 
 050 
 Odelia 
 Tuner  Deck
 
 
 051 
 Tasha 
 Six Samurai  Deck
 
 
 052 
 Rayna 
 Spellcaster  Deck
 
 
 053 
 Bright 
 Burn  Deck
 
 
 054 
 Ida 
 Skill Drain  Deck
 
 
 055 
 Nadia 
 Dark World  Deck
 
 
 056 
 Reyna 
 Zombie  Deck
 
 
 057 
 Maggie 
 Dark Paladin  Deck
 
 
 057 
 Hana 
 Flamvell  Deck
 
 
 059 
 Cali 
 Gadget  Deck
 
 
 060 
 Naomi 
 Lightsworn  Deck
 
 
 061 
 Akihiro Yamane  (Changed to  Moses ) 
 Reptile -Type  Worm  Deck
 
 
 062 
 Mark Freedom  (Changed to  Ivan ) 
 Crystal Beast  Deck
 
 
 063 
 Tsukasa Naritasan  (Changed to  Giry ) 
 VWXYZ  Deck
 
 
 064 
 Kentaro Miyazaki  (Changed to  Michael ) 
 Banish / Mill  Deck
 
 
 065 
 Yosuke Adachi  (Changed to  Taku ) 
 Deck based on  Chain Links 
 
 
 066 
 Koji Yamamoto  (Changed to  Bawnji ) 
 Gradius  Deck
 
 
 067 
 Senshi Teshima  (Changed to  Walter ) 
 X-Saber  Deck
 
 
 068 
 Toshiyuki Kadoi  (Changed to  Hayden ) 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyberdark  Deck
 
 
 069 
 Yasuhisa Ito  (Changed to  Zanny ) 
 Cloudian  Deck
 
 
 070 
 Takashi Nakamoto  (Changed to  Nathan ) 
 Mist Valley  Deck
 
 
 071 
 Daisy 
 Dragunity  Deck
 
 
 072 
 Edith 
 Beast  Deck
 
 
 073 
 Mint 
 Volcanic  Deck
 
 
 074 
 Lara 
 Wight  Deck
 
 
 075 
 Olivia 
 Wetlands  Deck
 
 
 076 
 Nadine 
 Fabled  Deck
 
 
 077 
 Sara 
 Naturia  Deck
 
 
 078 
 Pearl 
 Mokey Mokey  Deck
 
 
 079 
 Emma 
 Ally of Justice  Deck
 
 
 080 
 Alice 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames  Deck
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5C's 
 
 
 No 
 Duelist 
 Kind of Deck 
 
 
 081 
 Jumbo 
 Counter Fairy  Deck
 
 
 082 
 Ryusei 
 Junk   Synchro  Deck
 
 
 083 
 King Jyaku 
 Disaster Dragon  Deck
 
 
 084 
 Duelua 
 Morphtronic  Deck
 
 
 085 
 Dueluka 
 Bad Reaction to Simochi  Deck
 
 The majority of characters have different names in the English version than the original Japanese. The Japanese version of this game featured 43 video game new characters. However, when the game was translated to English, 19 of these characters had their names changed to that of characters from previous Tag Force games who were excluded from this game. These 19 characters are listed above by their Japanese names in italics, followed by the English name in parenthesis.
 
 Non-duelists 
 Blister  can be paid DP to show you the location and mood of all duelists for a week on the map. He is always found in the "Back Alley" area. 
 Blitz  (aka Nerve) will randomly give you something that he either found or stole, usually an item or 200 DP. He usually lurks somewhere around Satellite. 
 Tank  will give you an assortment of cards he's scrounged from around Satellite. Most of the cards are Low- ATK   Normal Monsters , but occasionally he can give you powerful cards, like cards only obtainable when you complete Duelist 1's story, like  Dark Strike Fighter ,  Thought Ruler Archfiend  or  Gigaplant . The cards he gives cannot actually be purchased in the Card Shop, so visiting Tank regularly is the only way to fill out the Card Album to 100%. His location is random, but usually within Satellite. 
 Tenzen Yanagi  will take 100 DP to give you a chance of getting an alternate art card by playing rock-paper-scissors. If you win, you get the card. If you lose or draw, you get nothing. 
 Larry  (aka Lenny) can allow you to edit a Partner's Deck before you have earned the right to do it by paying a fee. He can also reset a character's hearts to zero so you can replay their storyline and, when available, he can allow you to view alternate versions of a character, such as the Dark Signer versions of Carly and Misty. He is always found near the incomplete bridge on Satellite. 
 The  MC  is randomly hiding in one area on the map, and changes location constantly. If you manage to find him, he can give you a prize of rare cards, a lot of DP, gift items, or increase a partner's Heart meter. 
 Kurumizawa  works in the  shop . 
 Nervin  (aka Boylston) can be found somewhere in Satellite, and he will tell a story to you and your partner that will increase your partner's Heart Meter slightly. (Must have a partner with you) 
 Rex Goodwin  appears briefly during the Duelist 2's Second Heart. 
 Character storylines 
 Completing Story Mode with the characters below earns the player three copies of the characters' signature card. For example, completing Yusei's story earns the player three copies of  Stardust Dragon , and Leo's story rewards the player with three copies of  Power Tool Dragon . This isn't always the case, as completing normal Carly's story earns you one copy of each of the  Fortune Fairies , and completing Crow's story earns you three copies of  Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant . When you complete a  Dark Signer  story, you will receive 3 copies of their Earthbound Immortal card. These cards cannot be purchased at the Card Shop, so completing the respective character's storylines is essential.
 Unlike in  Tag Force 2  and  Tag Force 3 , you do not permanently partner with one character—instead, every individual character constantly gains Heart points whenever you positively interact with them (similar to  Tag Force 1 ), and partnerships only last until the end of the day.  When you partner with one character, you fill their Heart meter even when you interact with other characters, so partnering often is recommended, even if you only play solo most of the time. In order to most efficiently fill up a character's hearts, you might want to improve their mood by giving them gifts from the vending machine outside the Card Shop.
 The Player can interact with characters in one of four ways:
 
 About Cards : The player is given a card quiz by showing them a card picture and will fill the heart meter if they answer correctly. 
 About Duels : The player asks how a character is doing in duels and when they answer the player has to beat them in a game of rock-paper-scissors to fill the heart meter. 
 About them : When the player asks about a subject a conversation mini-game begins. In this game, the player must connect branches to certain bubbles so that all three line up to say "Very Good". 
 Persons of Interest : Then the player asks a character about a certain person of interest he/she will tell them about three main character duelists that catch their interest. An example will be Masha seems to like Yusei, Misty and Mina. A main character's heart meter will fill if they are a character's person of interest. 
 When a character's storyline is completed, they will always offer to partner with you when entering their area, and if you are already partnered with someone, they will give you a card pack or an item.
 Yusei Fudo's Signer Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against Shadow Drone  Tetsu Trudge  and  Lioside . 
 Second Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Akiza Izinski  and  Jack Atlas . 
 Third Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against Dark Signer  Kalin Kessler  and Shadow Drone  Tetsu Trudge . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Roman Goodwin  and  Devack .
 Card Earned:  " Stardust Dragon " x3 
 Yusei Fudo's Satellite Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Wade . 
 Second Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Jaime  and  Syun . 
 Third Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Rally Dawson  and  Edith . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Yusei Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Tetsu Trudge .
 Card Earned:  " Junk Warrior " x3 
 (Note: This Story closely mimics the first five episodes of the 5Ds anime, wherein Yusei escapes from Satellite into the City to get Stardust Dragon back from Jack. As a nod to the first episode, in this storyline, Yusei refuses to speak during events, only saying 'Duel me.')
 Jack Atlas' Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Jack Tag Duel against  Carly Carmine  and  Mina Simington . 
 Second Heart: You and Jack Tag Duel against  Rally Dawson  and  Carly Carmine . 
 Third Heart: You and Jack Tag Duel against Dark Signers  Carly Carmine  and  Misty Tredwell . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Jack Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Crow Hogan .
 Card Earned:  " Red Dragon Archfiend " x3 
 Akiza Izinski's Normal Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against Dark Signers  Misty Tredwell  and  Carly Carmine . 
 Second Heart: You duel against Akiza. 
 Third Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against  Hose  and  Lioside . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against Dark Signers  Misty Tredwell  and  Carly Carmine .
 Card Earned:  " Black Rose Dragon " x3 
 Akiza Izinski's Duel Academy Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against  Naomi  and  Mina Simington . 
 Second Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against  Bright  and  Tetsu Trudge . 
 Third Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against  Yuma  and  Carly Carmine . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Akiza Tag Duel against  Ida  and Satellite  Yusei Fudo .
 Card Earned:  " Gigaplant " x3 
 (Note: This is not Akiza as she was when she returned to Duel Academy, but how she was during her first attendance; convinced that everyone is out to get her, she lashes out violently at anyone and everyone who tries to reach out to her, turning her paranoid beliefs into reality).
 Crow Hogan's Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Crow Tag Duel against  Ida  and  KENYoU 
 Second Heart: You and Crow Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Dean . 
 Third Heart: You and Crow Tag Duel against  Carly Carmine  and  Celia . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Crow Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Leo .
 Card Earned:  " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant " x3 
 Luna's Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Luna Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Yusei Fudo . 
 Second Heart: You and Luna Tag Duel against  Nataly  and  Anca . 
 Third Heart: You and Luna Tag Duel against  Terence  and  Mathew . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Luna Tag Duel against  Devack  and  Michael .
 Card Earned:  " Ancient Fairy Dragon " x3 
 Leo's Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Leo Tag Duel against  Akiza Izinski  and  Luna . 
 Second Heart: You and Leo Tag Duel against  Crow Hogan  and  Gillian . 
 Third Heart: You and Leo Tag Duel against Dark Signer  Misty Tredwell  and Shadow Drone  Tetsu Trudge . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Leo Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan .
 Card Earned:  " Power Tool Dragon " x3 
 Kalin Kessler's Dark Signer Story 
Unlocked by completing Yusei's Signer story.
 
 First Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Crow Hogan  and  Rally Dawson . 
 Second Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Luna . 
 Third Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Akiza Izinski . 
 Fourth Heart: You duel against Kalin.
 Card Earned:  " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " x3 
 (Note: Before Kalin disappears, he shows the player a photo of the player, Yusei, Jack, Crow, and Kalin wearing Enforcer jackets, revealing the player was once a member of The Enforcers.)
 Kalin Kessler's Enforcers Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Crow Hogan  and  Hayden . 
 Second Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Dean  and  Wade . 
 Third Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Lioside  and  Hose . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Kalin Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Georg .
 Card Earned:  " Thought Ruler Archfiend " x3 
 Carly Carmine's Normal Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Luna . 
 Second Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Mina Simington . 
 Third Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Rally Dawson 
 Fourth Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Mina Simington .
 Card Earned:  3x copies of each  Fortune Fairy  monster, throughout Carly's story. 
 Carly Carmine's Dark Signer Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Crow Hogan . 
 Second Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Luna  and  Tetsu Trudge . 
 Third Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Akiza Izinski  and  Mina Simington . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Carly Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Yusei Fudo .
 Card Earned:  " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " x3 
 Misty Tredwell's Normal Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Carly Carmine  and  Tetsu Trudge . 
 Second Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Luna . 
 Third Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Taku . 
 Fourth Heart: You duel against Misty.
 Card Earned:  " Evil Dragon Ananta " x3 
 Misty Tredwell's Dark Signer Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Georg . 
 Second Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Mina Simington . 
 Third Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Kalin Kessler  and  Kaia . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Misty Tag Duel against  Akiza Izinski  and  Leo .
 Card Earned:   Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua  x3 
 Tetsu Trudge's Normal Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Trudge tag duel against  Misty Tredwell  and  Maki 
 Second Heart: You and Trudge tag duel against  Rei  and  Maia . 
 Third Heart: You and Trudge tag duel against  Rally Dawson  and  Walter . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Trudge tag duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Crow Hogan .
 Card Earned:   Goyo Guardian  x3 
 Tetsu Trudge's Shadow Drone Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Trudge Tag Duel  Luna  and  Devack . 
 Second Heart: You and Trudge Tag Duel against  Akiza Izinski  and Dark Signer  Misty Tredwell . 
 Third Heart: You and Trudge Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and Dark Signer  Carly Carmine . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Trudge Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and Dark Signer  Kalin Kessler .
 Card Earned:   Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua  x3 
 (Note: Trudge never had  Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua ; it was  Greiger 's  Earthbound Immortal ).
 Mina Simington's Normal Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Rio  and  Simon . 
 Second Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Bawnji . 
 Third Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Misty Tredwell  and  Olivia . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Leo .
 Card Earned:  " Queen of Fate - Eternia " x3 
 Mina Simington's Angry Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Leo  and  Alice . 
 Second Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Misty Tredwell  and  Andrea . 
 Third Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Dean . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Mina Tag Duel against  Carly Carmine  and  Jack Atlas .
 Card Earned:  " Dark Strike Fighter " x3 
 Rally Dawson's Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Rally Tag Duel against  Jaime  and  Syun . 
 Second Heart: You and Rally Tag Duel against  Crow Hogan  and  Rei . 
 Third Heart: You and Rally Tag Duel against  Tetsu Trudge  and  Wade . 
 Fourth Heart: You and Rally Tag Duel against  Yusei Fudo  and  Leo .
 Card Earned:  " Turbo Cannon " x3 
 Devack's Story 
Unlocked by completing Luna's story.
 
 First Heart: Devack duels against  Leo , mistaking him for his sister  Luna . 
 Second Heart: Devack duels against  Mina Simington , mistaking her for  Akiza Izinski . 
 Third Heart: Devack duels against  Tetsu Trudge , mistaking him for  Jack Atlas . 
 Forth Heart: Devack duels against  Crow Hogan , mistaking him for  Yusei Fudo .
 Card Earned:  " Earthbound Immortal Cusillu " X3 
 Note: Devack's initial Partner Deck is made exclusively out of high-Level monsters, with no way to summon his monsters. The Deck is useless until it is edited, making it mandatory to find Larry and pay him 10,000 DP to unlock the ability of editing Devack's Deck.
 Roman Goodwin's Story 
Unlocked by completing the main story for all the Signers.
 
 First Heart: The player duels against  Luna . 
 Second Heart: The player duels against  Akiza Izinski . 
 Third Heart: The player duels against  Jack Atlas . 
 Fourth Heart: The player duels against  Yusei Fudo .
 Card Earned:  " Earthbound Immortal Uru " X3 
 Secondary Character's Story 
A secondary character refers to a character in the Duelist 2 list. All of them share the same story and upon completion, the player receives a photo of himself and a group of secondary characters.
 
 First Heart: You and your partner Tag Duel against  Carly Carmine  and  Luna . 
 Second Heart: You and your partner Tag Duel against  Misty Tredwell  and  Leo . 
 Third Heart: You and your partner Tag Duel against  Crow Hogan  and  Akiza Izinski . 
 Fourth Heart: You and your partner Tag Duel against  Jack Atlas  and  Yusei Fudo . 
 Locations 
           Click on a location to view the area's article.     
 Locations in the game on the map include:
 
 Leo and Luna's Penthouse 
 Back Alley 
 Sector Security 
 Tops Plaza 
 Carly's Apartment 
 Misty's Apartment 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Downtown District 
 Stadium 
 Hospital 
 Highway Underpass 
 Party Hall 
 Abandoned Factory 
 Yusei's Hideout 
 Satellite Square 
 Shoreline 
 Crow's Hideout 
 B.A.D. Area 
 Old Enerdy System 
 Other notes 
           Box art for the Japanese version of this game.     
 The color of the map determines the time of day:
 Sky blue is early morning. 
 Yellow is daytime. 
 Orange is sunset. 
 Blue is evening. 
 Indigo is late night. 
 Dark Signer characters usually only appear near the end of the day (near nightfall). 
 The Card Shop will give you a permanent discount if you bring them specific figures from the Item machine. Figures include " White Magician Pikeru ", " Ebon Magician Curran ", " Dark Magician Girl ", " Card Ejector " and " Cyber Tutu ". Completing this set is necessary to unlock the "Lovey Dovey" card pack. You can recognize a figure needed for this when you acquire it (from the item shop or from someone else) because its icon will be golden. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  reference: When you talk to Tenzen Yanagi after you play the game with him (does not matter if you win or lose), he offers to tell you the story of when he fought aliens alongside a dolphin. Jaden fought a robot named Alien in space while being assisted by " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ". 
 Many cards that were game originals were released in the OCG/TCG. 
 Complete Story Mode with all 4 Signer characters to add 1 Forbidden card to your Deck. 
 Promotional cards 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4  promotional cards 
 Bugs 
 " Majestic Dragon "'s password cannot be recognized in the password machine. However, this might be intentional, considering how it is portrayed in the anime (in the anime, "Majestic Dragon" only appears as the card on top of the deck by using the power of the  Crimson Dragon , so it makes sense if it cannot be obtained, since normally such card does not exist). The only way to obtain the "Majestic Dragon" and "Majestic Star Dragon" in the game is to download them from the Yu-Gi-Oh! website. 
 " Bamboo Scrap " will only Tribute a monster on your side of the field, regardless if there is a plant-Type monster on the opponent's side of the field 
 When you play " Molten Destruction " the 3D field seems to have an error. 
 The  effect  of " Flamvell Firedog " says that you can  Special Summon  from your  Graveyard  but it really is from your Deck (and the effect resolves as it really is). 
 Any " Dark Synchro " monster's Level counts as the positive number. 
 " Gladiator's Return " states that you can only return " Gladiator Beast " monsters to the  Deck , but actually any "Gladiator Beast" card can be returned. This effect is true for the OCG. 
 In this game, you can add  Synchro Monsters  to your  Main Deck . First, change the layout in the Deck Editing Menu, and after that, move Synchro Monsters from your Trunk to your  Side Deck , and then from the Side Deck, hold the R button and press X. Then the Synchro Monsters will be move to your Main Deck. However, when the  Duel  starts, when an effect has been activated, the game hangs. Sometimes, when you  activate  a card effect that searches a card(s) from your Deck, the Synchro Monsters in your hand return to your  Extra Deck . 
 " Morphtronic Bind " and " Dragon's Rage " effects still work even when those cards are face-down. 
 " One-Hundred Eye Dragon  states that only  he  gains the effects of  all  " Infernity " monsters in the  Graveyard , but actually all monsters  on your side of the field  gain the effects. 
 Sometimes, you are not allowed to summon Synchro Monsters when the Levels are correct in  Tag Duels . 
 The text of " Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union " says you may only equip monsters  you  control to it, but the effect actually works as normal. 
 When  Rally  summons " Turbo Cannon ", the cut-away sequence of Rally summoning it always says it's summoned in  Attack Position , even when it's summoned in  Defense Position . 
 Your partner will almost never activate the effect of " Hyena ". 
 When you have a  Gemini monster  on the field that could destroy a monster or attack directly using an effect (such as " Infinity Dark ", " Shadow Delver ", and " Goggle Golem "), your partner will often attack with it, even if it doesn't have the effect yet. This results in a pointless suicide attack. 
 In general, your partner will only very rarely  Gemini Summon  your  Gemini monsters , even if the effect would win the duel or they aren't spending the Normal Summon required themselves. Sometimes, they will even ignore a set " Supervise " you played so they will use it on your monster on their turn. The lone exception to this hole in AI seems to be " Dark Valkyria ". 
 When a character using " Miracle Fertilizer " Tributes " Tytannial, Princess of Camellias " to negate a targeting card, even if it was brought back using "Miracle Fertilizer", "Miracle Fertilizer" will not go to the graveyard, so it is possible for them or you (didn't test when player uses "Miracle Fertilizer" but assuming) to keep your "Miracle Fertilizer" if you tribute "Tytannial, Princess of Camellias" using its effect when connected to "Miracle Fertilizer". Any card effect that removes cards from the field like " Mirror Force ", etc, will not destroy "Miracle Fertilizer" every time for some reason, giving plants a big advantage. 
 Sometimes when your opponent activates the " Destiny Draw " and you cancel the animation, a second glowing Deck appears with the same number of cards as your opponent's Deck. It disappears when the "Destiny Draw" card is drawn. 
 The card " Il Blud " misspells the word from to form. 
 When resolving the effect of " Pot of Avarice ", the animation shows that  Fusion Monsters , Synchro Monsters and  Dark Synchro Monsters  as being returned to the  Main Deck . However, they are being returned to the  Extra Deck . 
 All cards in the Graveyards share the name with the first card in them. This doesn't affect the gameplay, however. 
 The ATK/DEF values shown beneath a card's picture at the left-hand side of the screen max out at 99999; they are displayed correctly over the card's picture on the Duel field, however, and there does not appear to be any actual in-game limit on how high they can go. 
 At some point in the game the Deck Edit music gets replaced with some buggy and corrupted sounding BGM. Some get this after downloading extra content from Yu-Gi-Oh website, while others - after getting forbidden cards. The real reason is still unknown and there is no way to fix this except to start a new game. 
 When shrink is used on a fusion monster fused by power bond (e.g Cyber End Dragon), the boosted attack from power bond disappears, like when shrink is used on C.E.D. with 8000 atk, it should bring it down to 2000 original atk, + 2000 atk from power bond to make 4000 atk, however after shrink is used on C.E.D with 8000 atk, it brings its atk to 2000 atk meaning it ignores the power bond, and in the end of the turn it raises it to 4000 atk. 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://www.worthplaying.com/article.php?sid=65104 
 
 ↑   http://de.games.konami-europe.com/news.do;jsessionid=BC992C268D342BF1EC578495889B2D62?idNews=536 
 
 ↑   http://www.game.co.uk/Games/PSP/Yu-Gi-Oh-Tag-Force-4/~r345233/ 
 
 
 External links 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force Games 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution  ( Beginning of Destiny ) 
 Promotional cards 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Other 
 UMD Recognition 
 GX04 
 GX06 
 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yu-Gi-Oh_5D%27s_Tag_Force_4_Eng.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120605213406', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Flag_of_Germany.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', '/extensions-ucp/v2/ImageMap/resources/desc-20.png', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/WorldMap-TF04.png/revision/latest?cb=20120731014107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/TF04-VideoGameJP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100510014422']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4, Video games