Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ante_Duel

An  Ante Duel  is a  Duel  where both players stake cards of equal value, and the winner of the Duel claims both cards. This is the only way to become the  owner  of a card in a Duel. These Duels are completely optional but are forbidden in most official tournaments.
 
 Anime and manga 
 In the anime and manga, these Duels were more common. In the manga, ante is said to be a common rule in trading card games, and Ante Duels were required in the  Battle City  tournament.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , however  Duel Academy 's policy forbids Ante Duels between students. In season one of GX, there were a few cases of Ante Duels. Despite posing as a Shadow Duelist,  Titan  would also take all rare cards away from his opponents.  Brier  and  Beauregard , challenged  Obelisk Blue  students in unauthorized Ante Duels before  Dr. Crowler  "hires"  Jaden  to defeat them. Later is introduced  Trapper , a man who takes most valuable cards from his opponents, and later sells them for a great amount of money.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's ,  Yusei Fudo  chose to win back his " Stardust Dragon " from  Jack Atlas  via a one-way Ante Duel, even after Jack offered to just give it back. In the dub, the final Duel of the  Fortune Cup  was rewritten as this - Jack would take back "Stardust" if Yusei lost.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL ,  Number holders  win the "Numbers" used by their opponents if they win. At the beginning of the series,  Yuma Tsukumo  challenges  Reginald Kastle  to an Ante Duel for  Bronk Stone 's Deck, wagering his own. Later on,  Kite  and  Jinlon  have a Duel in which they wager " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and " Number 46: Dragluon ", respectively. If a Barian was killed, they leave nothing behind, except for their soul. The Barian's soul contains the "Numbers", which can be claimed if someone absorbs that Barian's soul, as seen when Vector absorb the souls of  Marin  and  Dumon , respectively, after defeating Marin in a Duel.
 
 See also 
 Rare Hunters 
 
 
 
Categories: Games