Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Master_Evil


 
 Master Evil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Master Evil 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 マスター・イビル 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Utopia 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 21: " The Wicked Hero!! " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Master Evil  is a character appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Deck 
 3   Duels 
 4   References 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Biography 
 Master Evil first appeared as a shadow vortex with a sinister face, punishing both  Fusion Mask  and  Syndy Chross  for failing him after their loss to  Team ZEXAL . [1] [2]  Next, Team ZEXAL reached the final Web Point, in the Duel Stadium, which was guarded by Master Evil.  Kaito  asked him why he was doing that, and he explained that he took part in the  Duel Team Carnival  once, but was banished from it because his team was too strong and their opponents would just run away - because of that, he planned to wipe the Duel Team Carnival from existence. Then, the stadium's door shut, and Master Evil challenged Team ZEXAL to a  Duel , saying that should they lose, the stadium would collapse and they would be crushed with it, making the tournament never be held again.  Yuma  then Dueled him. 
 During the Duel, it was revealed that Master Evil observed Team ZEXAL Dueling the  Obots , so he developed a strategy to counter Yuma's moves. [3]  At one point, when Master Evil had cornered Yuma and kept claiming that he was the strongest Duelist,  Mr. Heartland  appeared from a screen and explained that Master Evil was actually banned because he was found cheating many times in the tournament, and that his grudge comes from being found out and barred from participating in the tournament. Yuma, however, manages a comeback and defeats Master Evil.
 After being defeated, Master Evil is arrested. As he is escorted, Yuma thanks him for the fun Duel, saying that he was a strong opponent. Master Evil smiles, and says to himself that the Duel was indeed fun. [4] 
 
 Deck 
 Master Evil plays a  " Utopia " Deck .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 ZW - Asura Strike Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray V Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mind Control 
 Mind Pollutant [Notes 1] 
 Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force 
 Sacred Serpent's Wake [Notes 1] 
 Shared Ride [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Dimensional Prison 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 23 - 24 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 21: " The Wicked Hero!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 22: " VS The Synchro User " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 23: " The Menace of Hope!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 24: " The Duel Team's Bonds!! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card card be seen in his opening  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL   characters Team ZEXAL and allies 
 Astral 
 Haruto Tenjo 
 Kaito Tenjo 
 Kotori Mizuki 
 Orbital 7 
 Ryoga "Shark" Kamishiro 
 Takashi Todoroki 
 Tetsuo Takeda 
 Tokunosuke Omoteura 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Adversaries 
 IV 
 Alito 
 Alpha 
 Angry Mask 
 Crying Mask 
 Dark Mask of Laughter 
 Fusion Mask 
 Gauche 
 Kento Naito 
 Master Evil 
 Raizo Akuma 
 Robin 
 Shota Geki 
 Syndy Chross 
 Minor 
 III 
 V 
 Anna Kozuki 
 Bestial Warrior Puman 
 Cathy 
 Dog-chan 
 Girag 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Iron Giant Ironhammer 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Obot 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Rei Shingetsu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/Master_Evil.png/revision/latest?cb=20140304141904']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters