Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Ride_SP1


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Ride SP1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 統一皇帝 決 定 戦 ！！
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Enperā Ketteisen!!
 
 
 
 Japanese translation
 
 
 The Emperor Playoff!!
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 The Duel Emperor Finals!!
 
 
 
 Number
 
 
 0
 
 
 
 Release date(s)
 
 
  June 4, 2015 
 
 
 Card Gallery
 
 Japanese English 
 
 
 Chapter listing
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's chapter listing 
 
 
 Previous
 
 N/A
 
 
 Next
 
 Eternal Turbo Duelist!! 
 
 "The Duel Emperor Finals!!" , known as  "The Emperor Playoff!!"  in the Japanese version, is the first part of a 78-page special chapter of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. It was first published on May 21, 2015 in the 07/2015 issue of the  V Jump  magazine as a preview, being reprinted alongside  the second part  in  the final volume  of the series, released on June 4, 2015. This chapter serves as an epilogue to the manga's events.
 Yusei  reaches the top in the second  D1GP  and finally earns the right to face  Jack Atlas  in a  Duel  to restore his pride. Now, Yusei and Jack will clash in a  Turbo Duel  to decide who will earn the title of "Emperor of Turbo Duels".
 
 Summary 
 In  New Domino City , the  MC  announces that it's been a year since the first  D1 Grand Prix  was cancelled after an unexpected accident, but now they're coming up on the end of the second D1 Grand Prix. The throne of the  King  of  Turbo Duels  is empty, and they're just about to fill it. The D1 Grand Prix champion,  Yusei Fudo , and the King,  Jack Atlas , sit astride their  Duel Runners , wearing Turbo Suits. The quarter-finals board shows the semi-finalist rankings; Yusei and  Akiza Izinski  Dueled in the finals after defeating  Kalin Kessler  and  Crow Hogan  respectively. The MC wonders which of these Duelists will dominate the Emperor Finals and win the Emperor's crown. 
 Crow is grousing over the fact that he isn't up there, while  Yoshi Hogan  reassures him that it'll be him next time.  Leo  sweatdrops, wondering if Yusei will be okay.  Luna , now lacking her " Kuribon " doll, wonders why  Leo  is getting nervous.  Greiger ,  Bolt Tanner ,  Hunter Pace , and  Tetsu  all stand on the sidelines, while Kalin stands alone, whispering Jack's name. Akiza stands with  Sherry LeBlanc  and  Sect Ijuin  as she whisper's Yusei's name, and Sect tells Yusei to go for it.  Mina Simington  watches alone from the upper levels, noting that Master Atlas is wearing a Turbo Suit, and she notes his unusual determination, wondering if Yusei Fudo is really that formidable an opponent. 
 Jack smiles, commenting that he thought that Yusei would make it here. Yusei agrees that he came to get revenge for last year. Jack muses that he doesn't hate the cheers of the crowd, and allows Yusei the right to enjoy this one moment on equal terms with him. Turbo Duelists don't need words. Yusei agrees that they let their speed do the talking, and let their  Sense  carry their feelings. The lights begin counting down, and Yusei and Jack rev their Runners' engines, before setting of with a cry of "DUEL!" at the green. Yusei takes the lead as the MC announces that the Emperor Finals are underway, and he wonders who will get the first attack. Jack snorts, commenting that he's got his skills and his fully tuned  Phoenix Whirlwind ; Yusei shouldn't think that he can ride it in front of the King. He accelerates past Yusei, much to Yusei's frustration, as the MC announces that the first attack goes to the King, Jack Atlas. 
 Jack declares his turn and draws, then he  Sets  three cards and Summons the  Tuner monster  " Dust Lord Ash Gash " in  Defense Position , before ending his turn. The uncharacteristic show of defense shocks Greiger and Bot, and Akiza notes that Jack is being cautious around Yusei, while Kalin whispers Jack's name.
 Yusei declares his turn and he draws, adding the card to his hand, which contains " Junk Changer ", " Scrap-Iron Welding ", " Synchro Creed ", " Junk Armor ", " Junk Defender " and " Necroid Synchro ". He realizes what he can do with his hand. Mina watches as the MC wonders what strategy Yusei will show them as the King shores up his defense, while on the sidelines, Sect tells Yusei to go for it. 
 
       Yusei  with " Stardust Spark Dragon ", " Stardust Assault Warrior " and " Stardust Charge Warrior ".     
 Yusei activates the  Spell Card , "Scrap-Iron Welding",  Special Summoning  two " Junk " monsters from his hand. He Special Summons "Junk Armor" and "Junk Defender", and then he  Normal Summons  the Tuner monster "Junk Changer". Yoshi praises Yusei's building, and he comments that he's just like Crow. Leo notes that the monsters have a total of  8   Levels , so " Stardust Spark Dragon " will be on its way. But instead, Yusei tunes the  Level 3  "Junk Defender" and "Junk Changer", and Luna is surprised that Yusei is  Synchro Summoning  a  Level 6  monster rather than "Stardust". Yusei  chants , "Sacred spear that scorches the starry sky! Unleash your soul and awaken the world!  Stardust Assault Warrior  Synchro Summoned!" Yusei activates the effect of "Stardust Assault Warrior", Special Summoning a Tuner monster from his  Graveyard . He revives "Junk Changer", and activates its effect since he controls another "Junk" monster, increasing or decreasing its Level by one, and he increases it to  4 . Then he tunes the  Level 2  "Junk Armor" and the now-Level 4 "Junk Changer", and Crow notes that it's a serial Synchro. Yusei chants, "Sacred wings that command the meteor shower! Ride the wind of souls around the world!  Stardust Charge Warrior  Synchro Summoned!" The effect of "Stardust Charge Warrior" allows Yusei to draw a card when it's Synchro Summoned, but Yusei isn't done yet; he activates the Spell Card "Necroid Synchro". This allows him to  exclude  monsters from his Graveyard as  Synchro Material , and Yusei tunes the Level 2 "Junk Armor" and the Level 3 "Junk Defender" with the Level 3 "Junk Changer". He chants, "Flash of light that splits the sea of stars! Shake our souls and roar through the world! Stardust Spark Dragon Synchro Summoned!" 
 Akiza cheers that it's Yusei's partner, and the twins call "Stardust's" name. Jack comments that "Stardust Spark Dragon" finally showed up; Jack has been waiting. Yusei activates another Spell Card, " Synchro Creed , drawing two cards since there are three  Synchro Monsters  on the field, and he draw " Junkuriboh " and " Accel Synchro ". Hunter and Tetsu watch as the MC recaps Yusei's triple Synchro, and Crow notes that Yusei still has three cards in his hand. He comments that Yusei's high-speed Synchros have actually got better. Yusei declares his  Battle Phase , attacking "Gash" with "Stardust Assault Warrior's" "Shooting Driver" attack, and he explains that "Stardust Assault Warrior" inflicts  piercing damage . Jack activates a  Trap Card , " King's Camp ", negating the attack and Special Summoning three Level 4 or lower " King " monsters from his Deck;  Cursed Fire King Doom Burst ", " Wandering King Wild Wind ", and " Red Lotus King, Flame Crime ", all in  Attack Position . Yusei instead attacks with "Stardust Charge Warrior", which can attack all Special Summoned monsters. "Stardust Charge Warrior" levels its wings of cannons, and attacks with "Shooting Crusher", destroying "Wild Wind", "Doom Burst", and "Flame Crime". Akiza cheers that Yusei wiped out all of the "Kings" that Jack Summoned, and Sect cheers Yusei on. The attack reduces Jack to 3000  LP , but he cancels out the Sense with his Sense Banish and he asks if that's all that Yusei's got. Yusei replies that it isn't, and he attacks "Gash" with "Stardust Spark Dragon", destroying it with "Shooting Blast". This time Jack is unable to cancel out the Sense, much to Kalin and Mina's shock and Sect's jubilation.
 Yusei holds up "Accel Synchro", and he declares that he'll get his Sense through to Jack with this card. He accelerates past Jack, as his Duel Runner generates wings of light, much to the MC's shock, and he activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , "Accel Synchro", halving the Levels of a  Tuner Synchro Monster  and Synchro Monsters that he controls to perform a Synchro Summon. He tunes the two " Warriors ", now Level 3, with the now Level 4 "Stardust Spark Dragon". Crow is shocked to learn that "Stardust Spark Dragon" is a Tuner monster, and Yusei chants, "All thoughts spun by the tracks of falling stars! Join our bonds and fill this world!  Accel Synchro ! Descend!  True Stardust Spark Dragon Chronicle !" Leo and Luna observes the  Level 10  Synchro Monster, and Akiza observes that it has wings of light too, while Sect notes its golden color. Jack comments that it's Yusei's new  ace , and Yusei warns Jack that his Battle Phase hasn't ended yet; telling him to take the full force of his Sense. The 3000 ATK "True Stardust Spark Dragon Chronicle" attacks Jack directly with "Shooting Shine Blast", and Kalin cries that Jack has no monsters on his field. Crow grins that if the attack gets through, Yusei will win. Sect cheers that it's a  One Turn Kill  for Yusei, and Yusei grits his teeth while Jack smiles as the attack hits, causing a massive explosion.
 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Jack Atlas 
 Turn 1: Jack 
 Jack   Sets  3 cards and  Normal Summons  " Dust Lord Ash Gash " in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Yusei 
 Yusei 's starting  hand  contains " Junk Changer ", " Scrap-Iron Welding ", " Synchro Creed ", " Junk Armor ", " Junk Defender " and " Necroid Synchro ". He  activates  "Scrap-Iron Welding",  Special Summoning  two " Junk "  monsters  from his hand: " Junk Armor " and " Junk Defender ". Next, he  Normal Summons  " Junk Changer ". Yusei tunes his  Level  3 "Junk Defender" with his Level 3 "Junk Changer" to  Synchro Summon  " Stardust Assault Warrior ". The  effect  of "Assault Warrior" activates, allowing Yusei to Special Summon a  Tuner monster  - "Junk Changer" - from his  Graveyard . Since Yusei  controls  another "Junk" monster, he activates the effect of "Junk Changer", increasing its own Level by 1. He tunes his Level 2 "Junk Armor" with his now Level 4 "Junk Changer" to Synchro Summon " Stardust Charge Warrior ". The effect of "Charge Warrior" allows Yusei to  draw  1 card. Next, Yusei activates "Necroid Synchro",  banishing  the Level 3 "Junk Defender", the Level 2 "Junk Armor" and the Level 3 "Junk Changer" from his Graveyard to Synchro Summon " Stardust Spark Dragon ". Since there are three  Synchro Monsters  on the  field , he activates "Synchro Creed", allowing him to draw 2 cards - " Junkuriboh " and " Accel Synchro ". Yusei  attacks  "Ash Gash" with "Stardust Assault Warrior", whose effect allows it to inflict  piercing   battle damage , but Jack activates his  face-down  " King's Camp ",  negating  the attack and Special Summoning three Level 4 or lower " King " monsters from his  Deck  in  Attack Position  with their effects negated - " Cursed Fire King Doom Burst ", " Wandering King Wild Wind ", and " Red Lotus King, Flame Crime ". Next, Yusei attacks with "Stardust Charge Warrior", whose effect allows it to attack all Special Summoned monsters the opponent controls; "Charge Warrior" attacks and  destroys  "Doom Burst", "Wild Wind" and "Flame Crime" (Jack 4000 → 3000). Finally, he attacks and destroys "Ash Gash" with "Stardust Spark Dragon". Still during his  Battle Phase , Yusei activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  "Accel Synchro", halving the Levels of "Assault Warrior" (Level 6 → 3), "Charge Warrior" (Level 6 → 3) and "Stardust" (Level 8 → 4) to  Accel Synchro Summon  " True Stardust Spark Dragon Chronicle ". He attacks Jack  directly .
 Duel continues in  the second part . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this chapter. Cards in italic debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Junk Armor 
 Effect Monsters 
 Junkuriboh 
 Junk Defender 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Changer Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Assault Warrior 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Stardust Spark Dragon 
 True Stardust Spark Dragon Chronicle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Accel Synchro 
 Necroid Synchro 
 Scrap-Iron Welding 
 Synchro Creed 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Wandering King Wild Wind 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cursed Fire King Doom Burst 
 Red Lotus King, Flame Crime 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dust Lord Ash Gash Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 King's Camp 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   chapters 
 #001 " Yusei, Turbo Duelist!! " #002 " Shadow Sense!! " #003 " Lord of the Underworld!! " #004 " A Showdown with Darkness " #005 " The King!! " #006 " "Shackle"…!! " #007 " Queen of Queens " #008 " One-Shot Run " #009 " The D1 Grand Prix Begins!! " #010 " Clashing Pride!! " #011 " Sense VS Sense!! " #012 " Psychic Duelists!! " #013 " Psychic VS Psychic " #014 " Rivals!! " #015 " Dark Maneuvers...!! " #016 " Flight!! " #017 " Omens!! " #018 " The Handless Combo!! " #019 " Trump Card...!! " #020 " Shadow Card!! " #021 " Separation...!! " #022 " Duel Dragons!! " #023 " Twin Duelists!! " #024 " Equip Vs. Equip!! " #025 " Sense Upon Sense...!! " #026 " Premonition of a Fierce Fight...!! " #027 " Synchro VS. Synchro!! " #028 " Resonance...!! " #029 " Super-Fast Showdown!! " #030 " The Ancient Duel Arena!! " #031 " Jewel Flare Dragon Stardust!! " #032 " Zero Battle!! " #033 " Duel Dragon vs. Duel Dragon!! " #034 " Determination...!! " #035 " The Battle for the Duel Zodiacs!! " #036 " Rematch!! " #037 " Those We Protect!! " #038 " The Final Chapter Battle!! " #039 " To the Duel Gate!! " #040 " The Festival of Duality!! " #041 " Duel Priestess!! " #042 " Fly-Lord Sect!! " #043 " Goodwin's Shadow!! " #044 " Synchro Killer!! " #045 " The Way to the King of Sky's Lock!! " #046 " Father Against Son!! " #047 " Southern Corridor Sprint!! " #048 " The Tides of Battle!! " #049 " Northern Corridor Fury!! " #050 " Last Draw of Destiny!! " #051 " Memory...!! " #052 " The Ultimate God Roars!! " #053 " Jet Black Wings!! " #054 " Thoughts for a Friend...!! " #055 " Bond's Reward!! " #056 " Beyond the Flash...!! " #057 " Light Sense!! " #058 " Awakening!! " #059 " The Final Showdown!! " #060 " Deck of a God!! " #061 " Divine Duel!! " #062 " Prayers!! " #063 " Origin of Revenge!! " #064 " Rise Above!! " #065 " Gathering Light!! " #066 " Ruler of the Ritual!! " #000 " The Duel Emperor Finals!! " #000 " Eternal Turbo Duelist!! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/5D%27s_Ride_SP1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20160426220227', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Stardust.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150610005928']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's chapters