Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gladiator_Beast


 
 Gladiator Beast 
 剣闘獣 「 グラディアルビースト 」  ( Guradiaru Bīsuto ) 
 
 
 
 
 The  Battle Beast  with " Gladiator Beast Murmillo ", " Gladiator Beast Augustus " and " Gladiator Beast Secutor ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Gladial Beast 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Bête Gladiateur 
 
 
 German 
 Gladiatorungeheuer 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gladiatore Bestia 
 
 
 Korean 
 검투수 劍鬪獸   (Hanja)   Geomtusu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Besta Gladiadora 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Bestia Gladiador 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Gladiator's Assault Phantom Darkness Light of Destruction The Duelist Genesis Crossroads of Chaos Crimson Crisis V Jump Edition 3 Extreme Victory Primal Origin Chaos Impact 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Cybernetic Horizon Duelist Saga Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge 2020 Tin of Lost Memories 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Collectors Pack 2017 LINK VRAINS Pack Tournament Pack 2019 Vol.3 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gladiator Beast ", known as " Gladial Beast " ( 剣闘獣   Guradiaru Bīsuto ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  monsters  with various  Attributes  (primarily  DARK  and  EARTH ) and  Types  (primarily  Beast ,  Beast-Warrior , and  Winged-Beast ) released in  Gladiator's Assault . They are used by both the  Battle Beast  and  Sanders  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Lore 
 3   Members 
 4   Support 
 5   Playing style 
 6   Weaknesses and counter-strategies 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The archetype resemble futuristic versions of the ancient  Roman Colosseum  slave-warriors.
 
 Etymology 
 The archetype's name comes from " Gladiator ", a man trained to fight with weapons against other men or wild animals in an arena.
 Each monster is primarily named after types of gladiators that fought in the Roman Colosseum, while others are named after famous fighters from the Roman Empire.
 
 
 Lore 
   
In ancient times, a great empire ruled the world. The city was prosperous, and its inhabitants lived in peace. War was a thing of faraway lands, and the aristocrats, unknowing of the danger, decided to build a great amphitheater, the "Colosseum." 
   
Therein "Gladiator Beasts" fought to the death for sport. Tournaments were held day and night to satisfy the latent bloodlust of the aristocrats.
 
 
 Long live the empire! 
Salute the dying heroes!
 
 
   
At the blast of a horn, a fierce battle would begin, in which the beasts would fight with claws, fangs, and any weapons available. At the "Colosseum," those who captivated the crowds were lavished with praise. This spurred on the "Gladiator Beasts," who risked great peril for the spectators' cheers. 
   
The empire enjoyed the very height of prosperity, but a small spark would set it on the path of destruction. And with the decline of the empire, the frequency of fighting tournaments decreased. The aristocrats sealed the "Colosseum" for eternity, for fear that the Gladiator Beasts," who'd lost their battleground, might revolt. 
   
Many years passed since the fall of the empire, and the "Colosseum" decayed over time. But one day, the ground with faded bloodstains shined, and the "Gladiator Beasts" appeared. Among the seats long empty of spectators, the starting horn once again echoed.
 
 
 Long live the empire! 
Salute the dying heroes!
 
 
   
Inside the "Colosseum," framed by that decaying city, the "Gladiator Beasts" fought once again. And in jubilation of their heroic travails, the cheers of the aristocrats could once more be heard.  
   
The "Gladiator Beasts" enacted various contests as if in response to the voices of invisible spectators. One-on-one combat, platoon battles, sieges, naval battles... 
   
And when their excitement peaked, the seal that bound the bravest of the "Gladiator Beasts" was broken. In close-combat platoon battles, they were the "Gladiator Beasts", beasts proud of their iron physiques. In the large-scale sieges, they were bird "Gladiator Beasts" most active in raiding parities and aerial assault. In the naval battles at the "Colosseum," they were the "Gladiator Beasts" of fish and sea serpent form, who drew their prey down into the dark waters. And the deadly weapons they'd wielded, "Battle Machines" and "Chariots," were revived. 
   
The "Colosseum" regained their glory due to the brave heroics of the "Gladiator Beasts." When the fervor of their contests reached an epic crescendo, the gates of the "Colosseum" were opened and their terrifying death march commenced. 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast
 
 Origin
 
 Unique effect
 
 
 Reference
 
 Creature
 
 
 Alexander 
 
 Alexander the Great 
 
 Winged lion 
 
 Unaffected by Spell effects.
 
 
 Andabata 
 
 Andabata 
 
 Hadrosaurid 
 
 Special Summons 1 Level 7 or lower “Gladiator Beast” Fusion monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
 
 
 Andal 
 
 Andabata 
 
 Black bear 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Attorix 
 
 Gladiatrix 
 
 Caracal 
 
 Sends 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard, this card's Level and name become the sent monster' until the End Phase.
 
 
 Augustus 
 
 Augustus Caesar 
 
 Dragon 
 
 Special Summons 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand in Defense Position.
 
 
 Bestiari 
 
 Bestiarii 
 
 Red-crowned amazon 
 
 Destroys 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field.
 
 
 Darius 
 
 Darius the Great 
 
 Horse 
 
 Special Summons 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Graveyard.
 
 
 Dimacari 
 
 Dimachaerus 
 
 Cape buffalo 
 
 Attacks twice during the Battle Phase.
 
 
 Domitianus 
 
 Titus Flavius Caesar Domitianus Augustus 
 
 
 
 
 You choose your opponent's attack target. Negate the activation of monster effect. Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
 
 
 
 Dragases 
 
 Constantine Dragases Palaiologos 
 
 Bald Eagle 
 
 Protects your attacking “Gladiator Beast” monster(s) from being destroyed by battle and prevents your opponent from activating cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters with different names from your Deck.
 
 
 Equeste 
 
 Equites 
 
 Winged  Centaur 
 
 Adds 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Graveyard to your hand.
 
 
 Essedarii 
 
 Essedarius 
 
 Gorilla 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Gaiodiaz 
 
 Gordias 
 
 Tyrannosaurus 
 
 Inflicts damage to your opponent whenever it destroys an opponent’s monster by battle, equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster. Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Spartacus".
 
 
 Gyzarus 
 
 Gaius Julius Caesar 
 
 Unknown bird
 
 Destroys up to 2 cards on the field whenever it's Special Summoned. Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Bestiari".
 
 
 Heraklinos 
 
 Heracles 
 
 Chimera 
 
 Negates the activation of a Spell/Trap Card and destroys that card, by discarding 1 card (Quick Effect).
 
 
 Hoplomus 
 
 Hoplomachus 
 
 Rhino 
 
 DEF becomes 2400.
 
 
 Lanista 
 
 Lanista 
 
 Eagle 
 
 Gains the name of 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster that was banished from your Graveyard.
 
 
 Laquari 
 
 Laquearius 
 
 Tiger 
 
 ATK becomes 2100.
 
 
 Murmillo 
 
 Murmillo 
 
 Carp 
 
 Destroys 1 face-up monster on the field.
 
 
 Nerokius 
 
 Nero 
 
 Bat 
 
 Cannot be destroyed by battle and when this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
 
 
 Noxius 
 
 Noxii 
 
 Leopard 
 
 Special Summons itself from your hand when your opponent declares a direct attack and redirects the attack to itself then proceeds to damage calculation; also, it cannot be destroyed by that battle. Sends 1 Gladiator Beast monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
 
 
 Octavius 
 
 Gaius Octavius 
 
 Bald eagle 
 
 Destroys 1 face-down Spell/Trap Card on the field.
 
 
 Retiari 
 
 Retiarius 
 
 Crocodile 
 
 Banishes 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard.
 
 
 Sagittarii 
 
 Sagittarii / Sagittarius 
 
 Centaur 
 
 Discard 1 "Gladiator Beast" card to draw 2 cards.
 
 
 Samnite 
 
 Samnite 
 
 Smilodon 
 
 Adds 1 “Gladiator Beast” card from your Deck to your hand whenever it destroys an opponent’s monster by battle.
 
 
 Secutor 
 
 Secutor 
 
 Lizard 
 
 Special Summons 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except itself.
 
 
 Spartacus 
 
 Spartacus 
 
 Dinosaur 
 
 Adds 1 "Gladiator Beast" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
 
 
 Tamer Editor 
 
 Taming / Editor 
 
 Deer 
 
 Special Summons 1 “Gladiator Beast” Fusion monster from your Extra Deck, except itself, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Special Summons 1 “Gladiator Beast” monster from your Deck, by shuffling 1 “Gladiator Beast” monster that battled into your Deck or Extra Deck.
 
 
 Torax 
 
 Thraex 
 
 Blowfish 
 
 Allows you to draw 1 card by shuffling itself into your Deck.
 
 
 Tygerius 
 
 Tiberius 
 
 White tiger 
 
 Adds 1 “Gladiator Beast” monster from your Deck to your hand by discarding 1 “Gladiator Beast” card.
 
 
 Vespasius 
 
 Titus Flavius Vespasianus 
 
 
 
 All monsters you control gain 500 ATK.
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Colosseum - Cage of the Gladiator Beasts 
 Colosseum 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast War Chariot 
 Chariot 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast's Battle Archfiend Shield 
 Scutum 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast's Battle Gladius 
 Gladius 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast's Battle Halberd 
 Halberd 
 
 
 Gladiator Beast's Battle Manica 
 Manica 
 
 
 Thumbs Down 
 Pollice verso 
 
 
 Trojan Gladiator Beast 
 Trojan Horse 
 
 
 Virtus of Gladiator Beast 
 Virtus 
 
 Playing style 
 With a few exceptions, all non- Fusion  "Gladiator Beasts" have an effect to return to the  Deck  during the end of a  Battle Phase  when it battled, and then to  Special Summon  another "Gladiator Beast" monster to replace it (this is also known as 'tagging out'). The newly Special Summoned "Gladiator Beast" monsters usually gain another effect when Special Summoned in this way.
 "Gladiator Beasts" also have seven Fusion Monsters, four of which require a specific "Gladiator Beast" monster and either one or two other "Gladiator Beast" monsters as  Fusion Material . However, " Polymerization " is not required to  Fusion Summon  these monsters. Instead, the correct "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Material Monsters are returned to the Main Deck to Special Summon the appropriate "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster. This process is otherwise known as  Contact Fusion . Several of the "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monsters are also able to 'tag out' to Special Summon 2 or more "Gladiator Beast" monsters from the Deck.
 Nearly every card in the archetype is capable of being returned to the hand, field, or Deck from the Graveyard by utilizing the effects of "Gladiator Beast" monsters or their support cards. The "Gladiator Beast" Deck includes a mix of destruction, aggro, and  toolbox  cards and tactics. It is this versatility which landed this Deck as one of the top Decks in the  Shonen Jump Circuit .
 The  September 2010 Forbidden List  caused "Gladiators Beasts" to become more popular, especially with the banning of " Heavy Storm " and  Limiting  of " Royal Oppression ", both of which were a threat to their strategy.
 The  April 2015 Forbidden List  made the previously Limited " Gladiator Beast Bestiari " Unlimited, making the entire deck not as susceptible to having a " Bottomless Trap Hole " or other card that banishes monsters used on "Bestiari", which would render " Gladiator Beast Gyzarus " inaccessible for the remainder of the Duel.
 Previous incarnations of the Deck used " Rescue Cat " to Summon monsters such as " Gladiator Beast Samnite " and " Test Tiger " to make big plays. With the Errata of "Rescue Cat", however, the Deck changed its strategy. With the release of " Rescue Rabbit ", the new version of the Deck uses " Gladiator Beast Andal " to allow for the quick Summon of " Gladiator Beast Essedarii ", " Gladiator Beast Heraklinos ", " Gladiator Beast Nerokius " or " Gladiator Beast Dragases ".
 With the release of " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor " and " Gladiator Beast Andabata ", the deck is now able to special summon their boss monsters with ease, allow them to focus more on swarm their field rather than try to get the appropriate material off their deck. But shortly after that, with the release of  Master Rules 4 , the entire deck is hindered again because both "Tamer Editor" and "Andabata" requires an extra slot for Extra deck monster, while their  Link monster  is not too good and put an extra weight on their already weak swarming power.
 The deck got their second wind with many new supports from  Chaos Impact . " Test Panther ", is a Link monster that combine searching power with a " Test Tiger "-like effect, both incredibly valuable to the deck. " Gladiator Beast Domitianus " is a new boss monster with big stats and a built-in  monster negation , while easy to bring out with "Tamer Editor" or "Andabata". The deck also get two new Gladiator Beast monsters with " Destiny Draw " and " Prisma "-like effect.
 The deck also got their own them's Fusion  Spell , " Gladiator Beast United ", a  Quick-Play Spell Card  that also accept material from GY as well. " Gladiator Rejection " and " Gladiator Beast's Comeback " both help the deck on swarming the field, not only allow them to make a better play without relying too much on "Rescue Rabbit"/"Prisma", but also open their chance to use some powerful generic Link monster like " Apollousa, Bow of the Goddess ".
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Prisma 
 Gladiator Beast Attorix 
 Gladiator Beast Augustus 
 Gladiator Beast Bestiari 
 Gladiator Beast Darius 
 Gladiator Beast Equeste 
 Gladiator Beast Laquari 
 Gladiator Beast Murmillo 
 Gladiator Beast Noxious 
 Gladiator Beast Retiari 
 Gladiator Beast Sagittarii 
 Gladiator Beast Samnite 
 Gladiator Beast Secutor 
 Gladiator Beast Spartacus 
 Gladiator Beast Tygerius 
 Gladiator Beast Vespasius 
 Rescue Cat 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Test Tiger 
 Thunder King Rai-Oh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Andabata 
 Gladiator Beast Domitianus 
 Gladiator Beast Essedarii 
 Gladiator Beast Gaiodiaz 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Gladiator Beast Heraklinos 
 Gladiator Beast Nerokius 
 Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King 
 Lightning Chidori 
 Link Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Dragases 
 Test Panther 
 Cross-Sheep 
 Fire Fighting Daruma Doll 
 Missus Radiant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gladiator Beast's Comeback 
 Gladiator Beast United 
 Gladiator Proving Ground 
 Gladiator Rejection 
 Gladiator's Return 
 A Hero Lives 
 Book of Moon 
 Fire Formation - Tenki 
 Fire Formation - Tensu 
 My Body as a Shield 
 Onslaught of the Fire Kings 
 Unexpected Dai 
 Traps 
 Defensive Tactics 
 Gladiator Beast Charge 
 Gladiator Beast War Chariot 
 Gladiator Naumachia 
 Starlight Road 
 Waboku 
 Weaknesses and counter-strategies 
 Prevention of Special Summoning  - As "Gladiator Beast" Decks focus heavily on Special Summoning, they become crippled by cards that prevent it. " Solemn Warning ", " Archlord Kristya " and " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " are all common Main Deck and Side Deck cards that prevent Special Summoning, or neutralize it. In the case of "Kristya", the Deck finds it hard to get over a monster with 2800 ATK without Contact Fusion, as long as it is protected from the high Trap Card count with cards like " Forbidden Lance ". Other options include " Vanity's Fiend ", " Vanity's Ruler ", " Deck Lockdown ", " Corridor of Agony " and " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring ". 
 Counter-destruction  - Often, it is the "Gladiator Beasts" with the effect to destroy cards that are the most troublesome, but there are several cards that can be used to combat this. " Starlight Road " is a common card that is particularly effective against " Gladiator Beast Gyzarus ". Other options include " Divine Wrath ", " Destruction Jammer ", and " Stardust Dragon ". 
 Destroy on Summoning  - Cards such as " Torrential Tribute ", " Bottomless Trap Hole " and especially " Mirror of Oaths ", that destroy the monsters when Special Summoned are great against "Gladiator Beasts". 
 Effect canceling  - Cards such as " Skill Drain ", " Chivalry " or " Effect Veiler " can prevent your monsters from tagging out or negate the effects of the ones that are Summoned, leaving them defenseless against high ATK monsters. " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " and " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " are also very effective, as they can negate the effects of the Gladiator Beasts upon summon or when they 'tag out', leaving them often helpless. 
 Attack negation/prevention  - You can only 'tag out' a "Gladiator Beast" when it "attacks or is attacked", therefore, any Spell, Trap, or Monster Effect that lets you negate a monster attack would prevent the opponent from tagging out their "Gladiator Beasts". 
   
" Gladiator Beast " 「 剣闘獣 」 Members 
 Gladiator Beast Alexander Gladiator Beast Andabata Gladiator Beast Andal Gladiator Beast Attorix Gladiator Beast Augustus Gladiator Beast Bestiari Gladiator Beast Darius Gladiator Beast Dimacari Gladiator Beast Domitianus Gladiator Beast Dragases Gladiator Beast Equeste Gladiator Beast Essedarii Gladiator Beast Gaiodiaz Gladiator Beast Gyzarus Gladiator Beast Heraklinos Gladiator Beast Hoplomus Gladiator Beast Lanista Gladiator Beast Laquari Gladiator Beast Murmillo Gladiator Beast Nerokius Gladiator Beast Noxious Gladiator Beast Octavius Gladiator Beast Retiari Gladiator Beast Sagittarii Gladiator Beast Samnite Gladiator Beast Secutor Gladiator Beast Spartacus Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor Gladiator Beast Torax Gladiator Beast Tygerius Gladiator Beast Vespasius 
 Colosseum - Cage of the Gladiator Beasts Gladiator Beast Charge Gladiator Beast United Gladiator Beast War Chariot Gladiator Beast's Battle Archfiend Shield Gladiator Beast's Battle Gladius Gladiator Beast's Battle Halberd Gladiator Beast's Battle Manica Gladiator Beast's Comeback Gladiator Beast's Respite Indomitable Gladiator Beast Trojan Gladiator Beast 
 Support 
 Gladiator Beast Alexander Gladiator Beast Andabata Gladiator Beast Attorix Gladiator Beast Augustus Gladiator Beast Bestiari Gladiator Beast Darius Gladiator Beast Dimacari Gladiator Beast Domitianus Gladiator Beast Dragases Gladiator Beast Equeste Gladiator Beast Essedarii Gladiator Beast Gaiodiaz Gladiator Beast Gyzarus Gladiator Beast Heraklinos Gladiator Beast Hoplomus Gladiator Beast Lanista Gladiator Beast Laquari Gladiator Beast Murmillo Gladiator Beast Nerokius Gladiator Beast Noxious Gladiator Beast Octavius Gladiator Beast Retiari Gladiator Beast Sagittarii Gladiator Beast Samnite Gladiator Beast Secutor Gladiator Beast Spartacus Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor Gladiator Beast Torax Gladiator Beast Tygerius Gladiator Beast Vespasius Test Ape Test Panther Test Tiger 
 Colosseum - Cage of the Gladiator Beasts Defensive Tactics Disarm Double Tag Team Gladiator Beast Charge Gladiator Beast United Gladiator Beast War Chariot Gladiator Beast's Battle Archfiend Shield Gladiator Beast's Battle Gladius Gladiator Beast's Battle Halberd Gladiator Beast's Battle Manica Gladiator Beast's Comeback Gladiator Beast's Respite Gladiator Lash Gladiator Naumachia Gladiator Proving Ground Gladiator Rejection Gladiator Taming Gladiator's Return Indomitable Gladiator Beast Parry Trojan Gladiator Beast 
 Anti-support 
 Gladiator Taming 
 Related 
 G.B. Hunter Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 
 v e 
" Gladiator Beast " 「 剣闘獣 」 a   Members 
 Gladiator Beast Andabata Gladiator Beast Augustus Gladiator Beast Bestiari Gladiator Beast Gyzarus Gladiator Beast Laquari Gladiator Beast Murmillo Gladiator Beast Noxious Gladiator Beast Secutor Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort Gladiator Beast's Great Fortress Gladiator Beast's Medallion Gladiator Beast's Medusa Shield Gladiator Beast's Valor 
 Support 
 Gladiator Beast Andabata Gladiator Beast Augustus Gladiator Beast Bestiari Gladiator Beast Gyzarus Gladiator Beast Laquari Gladiator Beast Murmillo Gladiator Beast Secutor Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort Gladiator Beast's Great Fortress Gladiator Beast's Medallion Gladiator Beast's Medusa Shield Gladiator Beast's Valor Test Ape Test Fusion Test Tiger Thumbs Down 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/GladiatorBeast.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160828180748']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)