Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Monster_Capsule_GB


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王モンスターカプセルＧＢ 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konmai 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Game Boy Color 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  April 13, 2000 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB  is a video game for the Game Boy Color. It has only been released in Japan. The game takes most of its inspiration from the manga's Monster World story arc and the Capsule Monsters stories, using both Duel Monsters and Capsule Monsters.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 2   Stages 
 
 2.1   First Floor 
 2.2   Second Floor 
 2.3   Third Floor 
 2.4   Fourth Floor 
 2.5   Fifth Floor 
 2.6   Other 
 
 
 3   External links 
 
 
 Story 
 Seto Kaiba  possesses the  Millennium Ring  and is captured by its power while his mind was shattered after losing to  Dark Yugi  at " Death-T ".  Kaiba then invites  Yugi Muto  and all of Yugi's friends to "Duel Tower".  Once in the tower, the ring uses its power to transfer the souls of  Katsuya Jonouchi ,  Anzu Mazaki ,  Hiroto Honda ,  Bakura Ryou , and  Sugoroku Mutou .  In order to get his friends and grandfather back, Yugi has to defeat Kaiba and his minions, the Dark Masters, in the "Monster World Tournament" using "Monster Capsules" (MC). Getting a Game Over in a world means Yugi will fail to rescue one of his friends.
 The first floor's boss is  Mokuba Kaiba , who's holding Joey captive. His RPG storyline is a typical save-the-princess quest; a village chieftain's daughter was captured by monsters and held prisoner in a cave. Yugi gets past the guards with the help of a bottle of sake and defeats the boss of the dungeon, rescuing the girl and Jonouchi as long as he didn't get a Game Over.
 The second floor's boss is  Weevil Underwood , who's holding Bakura Ryou captive in a dense forest. Upon entering the forest, one of Yugi's monsters is stolen by bandits, meaning he'll have to fight with a limited team. The bandits use Yugi's capsules as practice to summon a  Great Moth , but their main goal is summoning the  Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth  using a sacrifice. Yugi rescues his capsules and defeats the Moth, saving the day and Ryo if he didn't get a Game Over.
 The third floor's boss is  Rex Raptor , who's holding Tristan captive. In his world, a water shortage causes a feud between two kingdoms. To mend the feud, Yugi must get to three aqueducts and bring water back to the parched land, going back and forth between the kingdoms as necessary. The final trial is the  Two-Headed King Rex , who guards the final aqueduct, which is between the two kingdoms and accessed via a shrine. It chases Yugi back to the shrine for a final battle after several optional fights determined by dice rolls. Upon defeating it, peace is restored, and Yugi rescues Tristan as long as he didn't get a Game Over.
 The fourth floor's boss is  Mai Valentine , who's holding Tea captive. After flirting with Yugi, she directs him to a mountain, where an egg is being attacked by a  Harpie Lady . Yugi hatches the egg and finds a  Baby Dragon , who needs to become a  Thousand Dragon  before the entire land is wiped out by a volcano--complicated by the fact that a  Koumori Dragon  claims a  Curse of Dragon  has cursed Baby Dragon. To undo the curse, they must go back in time via a  Time Wizard . Yugi successfully reaches the Time Wizard, but he refuses to help until Baby Dragon risks his life to save his son from a Harpie Lady. Yugi goes back in time, where they witness the Thousand Dragon losing a fight against Curse of Dragon. Yugi defeats him, but the curse is still in effect. The Koumori Dragon had revived Curse of Dragon, de-aged Thousand Dragon into an egg, and sent his Harpie Lady attendants to stop Baby Dragon. Yugi returns to the present day and confronts him. Upon defeating Koumori Dragon and Curse of Dragon, Baby Dragon successfully becomes the Thousand Dragon. Thousand Dragon saves the village from the erupting volcano, and Tea is also saved provided Yugi hasn't gotten a Game Over. He can also obtain Baby Dragon if he agrees to let it join him.
 Before the player reaches  Seto Kaiba , the boss of floor 5, Mokuba explains to Yugi that his brother had been acting weird since  Death-T . Yugi confronts Kaiba and finds that  Yami Bakura  is controlling him via the Ring, keeping his mind shattered to further his plans. The only way to free Kaiba and save  Solomon Muto  is to complete the final RPG.
 The final RPG begins with Yugi literally being dragged into Hell, which has three layers: fire, lightning, and darkness, each separated by a tower. Yugi must get through all three to return to the human world. He lands inside a prison, and the demons there enslave him, as well as his grandpa and the  Dark Magician . Yugi escapes alongside the Dark Magician, whose staff has been shattered into pieces. Yugi finds the first piece in a tower, which is guarded by the  Red-Eyes B. Dragon . 
 The second level of Hell contains a graveyard where the second piece of the magician's staff draws lightning to a rock. Yugi finds a substitute rod near a lava lake guarded by a  Fortress Whale , then battles  Pumpking the King of Ghosts  in the graveyard to progress to the second tower. In the tower, Yugi finds the Dark Magician battling a  Summoned Skull . Raising the magician's staff, Yugi battles the Skull himself, and they progress to the final layer of Hell.
 The final layer is shrouded in darkness by the  Castle of Dark Illusions , and to progress Yugi must assemble the  Swords of Revealing Light  and place them on specific rocks, guided by clues in a nearby dungeon. Once inside the castle, an  Illusionist Faceless Mage  brainwashes the Dark Magician, making him attack Yugi. Yugi defeats him and presses on, where he meets the ruler of darkness,  King of Yamimakai . After defeating him Yugi meets the  Blue-Eyes White Dragon , who will take him back to the human world if he can beat all three of them in a fight. Upon winning, however, the three Blue-Eyes combine into the  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ! When Yugi defeats it as well, the Blue-Eyes White Dragon agrees to take him back, and the Dark Magician repels a last attack by the King of Yamimakai and asks to join Yugi's team.
 Upon Kaiba's defeat, Yami Bakura refuses to let Yami Yugi go even though he won, but Kaiba breaks free of his control, snapping the Ring's cord. Kaiba thanks Yugi but promises to duel him soon, and all of Yugi's friends and family are freed in the storyline.  If Yugi didn't get a single Game Over in Kaiba's world, he can use Grandpa's figurine in battle in the postgame.
 In the postgame the player can duel Joey, Tea, Tristan, Ryou, Grandpa, Pegasus, Bandit Keith, Shadi, Yami Bakura, and a freed Seto Kaiba. The latter two have the toughest monsters in the game. Special capsule machines are also unlocked, and if the player saved all of Yugi's friends, they can unlock Yugi and Yami Yugi as figurines by putting in 98 Star Chips into the basement floor's capsule machine, then training Yugi until he's Level 50 and using an evolution capsule on him.
 
 Stages 
 First Floor 
 Boss:  Mokuba Kaiba 
 Enemies:  Kokurano ,  Nezumi ,  Hanasaki 
 Capsule Machines: 4 
 
 
 Second Floor 
 Boss:  Weevil Underwood 
 Enemies:  Mako ,  Kokurano  and  Imori 
 Capsule Machines: 2 
 
 
 Third Floor 
 Boss:  Rex Raptor 
 Enemies:  Bonz ,  Nezumi ,  Imori ,  Kujirada 
 Capsule Machines: 2 
 Fourth Floor 
 Boss:  Mai Valentine 
 Capsule Machines: 2 
 Fifth Floor 
 Boss:  Seto Kaiba 
 Capsule Machines: 2 
 Other 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB Game Guide 
 External links 
 Official site 
 The Cutting Room Floor  page 
 Data Crystal page 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 Japanese walkthrough and hint site 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_Monster_Capture_GB_Coverart.png/revision/latest?cb=20080924180451', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB, Video games