Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Achacha_Archer


 Achacha Archer 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 1.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 1.2   World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 1.3   Barian Invasion 
 1.4   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 3   Scripted Duels 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 In  episode 4 ,  Yuma Tsukumo  uses this card during his Duel against  Mr. Kay . After  Astral  instructs Yuma to Normal Summon " Ganbara Knight ", Yuma defies him and  Normal Summons  this card instead. This card's  effect  then activates, inflicting 500  effect damage  to Mr. Kay. In response, Mr. Kay activates " Damage Vaccine Ω MAX " to increase his Life Points by the damage he just took. Later, Mr. Kay activates the effect of " Number 34: Terror-Byte " to take control of this card. After Mr. Kay targets this card for the effect of " Infected Mail ", this card attacks directly, but Yuma activates the effect of " Number 39: Utopia " to negate the attack. On Mr. Kay's  End Phase , control of this card went back to Yuma. Later Yuma overlays this card and " Zubaba Knight " in order to  Xyz Summon  " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ". 
 In  episode 7 , this card is shown after Yuma's Deck case falls out of his school bag and his cards fall out. 
 In  episode 9 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Cathy Katherine . After he Normal Summons this card, Yuma activates this card's effect to inflict 500 damage to Cathy. Yuma then tries to use this card to attack one of the two copies of " Stray Cat ", but is unable to as the effect of both copies of "Stray Cat" had formed an attack lock. After Yuma activates " Flip Flap  to switch one "Stray Cat" to Defense Position, this card attacks and  destroys  the Attack Position "Stray Cat". Cathy then activates " Mysterious Cat Transformation " to  Special Summon  " Monster Cat ". The effect of "Monster Cat" then activates, destroying this card and inflicting 800 damage to Yuma. 
 In  episode 14 , during Yuma's Duel against  Kite Tenjo , this card appears in Yuma's Deck as part of the effect of " Monster Slots ". 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 In  episode 30 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Tombo Tillbitty . After he Normal Summons this card, Yuma activates its effect to inflict 500 damage to Tombo. Due to Yuma finding a tomato (which he dislikes) per the  Basket Rule , he refuses to eat it which prevents his monsters from attacking. Later " Tomatoknight " (whose ATK was 1600 via " Tough Tomato ") attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 36 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Cameron Clix . After he Normal Summons this card, Yuma activates its effect to inflict 500 damage to Cameron. Later " Cameraclops " (whose ATK was 2200 via " Telescopic Lens ") attacks and destroys this card.
 This card also appears in a flashback Astral has when he explains Cameron's Dueling relies entirely on a pre-constructed path and that he moves without thinking. While Cameron can predict the future with his "Number", that only applies to what he visualizes after he uses the shutter. 
 Barian Invasion 
 In  episode 76 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Devon Knox  while the latter was possessed by the  Barians . He  draws  this card, " Wonder Wand ", " Kagetokage ", and " Dotedotengu " via the second effect of " Chaos Xyz Coach Lord Ultimatrainer ". Since three of the drawn cards were Level 4 or below monsters, Yuma takes damage equal to the combined ATK of those monsters before he sends the drawn cards to the Graveyard. 
 In  episode 90 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Orbital 7 . After he Normal Summons this card, Yuma activates this card's effect to inflict 500 damage to Orbital 7. After Yuma Special Summons " Bite Bug " via its own effect, Yuma overlays this card and "Bite Bug" in order to Xyz Summon " Muzurhythm the String Djinn ". This card is sent to the Graveyard at an unspecified point. Later Yuma revives this card via the effect of " Crane Crane ". Yuma then activates this card's effect to inflict 500 damage to Orbital 7, but Yuma then activates the effect of " Achacha Chanbara " to Special Summon it and nullify the damage Orbital 7 would take as well as inflict 400 damage to Orbital 7. After Yuma Special Summons " Mimimic " via its own effect, he overlays this card and "Achacha Chanbara" in order to Xyz Summon " Temtempo the Percussion Djinn ".
 In this episode, this card's effect is applied when it is Special Summoned, even though its lore requires this card to be Normal Summoned or  Flip Summoned . 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 In  episode 145 , this card appears in a series of flashbacks Yuma has when he tells Astral that when they both fought side by side, he gotten much stronger thanks to Astral. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 In  chapter 2 ,  Yuma Tsukumo  uses this card against  Tokunosuke Omoteura . He draws and Normal Summons this card on his first turn, activating its effect to inflict 500 damage to Tokunosuke. On Yuma's next turn, this card is destroyed by Tokunosuke's " Mirror Force ". 
 In  chapter 4 , Yuma uses this card against  Shark . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position, activating its effect to inflict 500 damage to Shark. The next turn, this card is destroyed by battle by Shark's " Number 32: Shark Drake ". This activates "Shark Drake's" effect, Special Summoning this card to Yuma's side of the field from the Graveyard. The same turn, this card is destroyed by battle again by "Shark Drake". 
 Scripted Duels 
 In  North American WCQ 2014 Special: Astral vs. Yugi , Astral sends this card from his  hand  to the  Graveyard  for the  cost  of " Flelf ". As this card is  Level  3, "Flelf's" Level increases by 3 by its own effect. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances