Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Orichalcos


 
 Orichalcos 
 オレイカルコス  ( Oreikarukosu ) 
 
 
 
 
 " The Seal of Orichalcos " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Oreichalcos 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Orichalque 
 
 
 German 
 Orichalcos 
 
 
 Italian 
 Orichalcos 
 
 
 Korean 
 오리컬코스   Orikeolkoseu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Orichalcos 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Oricalcos 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Shonen Jump promotional cards Limited Edition 15 Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Extra Pack 2012 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 " Orichalcos ", spelled " Oreichalcos"  (オレイカルコス  Oreikarukosu ) in the Japanese version, is a  series  of cards that revolves around " The Seal of Orichalcos " and are used by  Dartz . It is currently an anime-only series, except for " Orichalcos Shunoros " (which had its effect changed to support  Normal Monsters  when it was released), and " The Seal of Orichalcos " itself (which kept part of its effects, but still went through changes), which was released in  Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World . It was very likely inspired by the fabled Atlantean metal  Orichalcum .
 So far, " Orichalcos Shunoros " and " The Seal of Orichalcos " have a  OCG / TCG  equivalent released in  Limited Edition 15  and  Extra Pack 2012 , respectively. Since " The Seal of Orichalcos " was not originally a legal card, "Orichalcos Shunoros" was retooled as a  Normal Monster   support  card.
 In the anime, the text on all "Orichalcos" cards is written entirely in  Enochian  runes, except for " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing " (the only "Orichalcos" card that  Dartz  did not use).
 
 Strategy 
 "Orichalcos" cards are focused on half- stall , half- Beatdown  tactics by limiting the opponent's offensive tactics while building  Life Points  and an army of  monsters . 
 " Kyutora " is  Summoned  in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  to protect it from  attacks  while it  negates   Battle Damage  that weaker monsters, like " Gigas " would take by constantly ramming. 
 The related anime counterpart of " Divine Serpent Geh " has infinite  ATK , but one that has a huge  cost  in attacking and a winner-take-all style condition: Once it's  Summoned , the  controller  loses their  hand  and  Life Points , but doesn't lose until it is removed from the  field .
 
 Origin 
 " Orichalcos " (Ορείχαλκος), a Greek word, literally translates to  mountain copper/metal , although some scholars believe that it refers to  'natural' brass . Consequently, in Greek " Orichalcos Deuteros " ("Ορείχαλκος Δεύτερος") means  Second Brass  and " Orichalcos Tritos " ("Ορείχαλκος Τρίτος") means  Third Brass .
 The Seal of Orichalcos is a  unicursal hexagram  inscribed in a circle. The unicursal hexagram was used by occultist  Aleister Crowley  as a symbol representing the religious philosophy of  Thelema .
 
   
 Orichalcos  オレイカルコス 
 v e 
 Orichalcos  オレイカルコス a   Members 
 Orichalcos Aristeros Orichalcos Deuteros Orichalcos Dexia Orichalcos Gigas Orichalcos Kyutora Orichalcos Malevolence Orichalcos Mirror Orichalcos Shunoros Orichalcos Sword of Sealing Orichalcos Tritos The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Related 
 Divine Serpent Geh Legend of Heart Mirror Knight Calling Mirror Knight Token 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/TheSealofOrichalcos-DG-EN-VG-Field.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160904190742']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series