Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Toon

This article is about the  archetype . For the  ability , see  Toon monster .      
 
 
 Toon 
 トゥーン  ( Tūn ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Toon Summoned Skull ", " Manga Ryu-Ran ", " Toon Mermaid " and " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " inside " Toon Kingdom " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Toon 
 
 
 German 
 Toon 
 
 
 Italian 
 Toon 
 
 
 Korean 
 툰   Tun   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Toon 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Toon 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Starter Deck: Pegasus Spell Ruler Tournament Pack 6 Clash of Rebellions Duelist Pack: Battle City Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Shining Victories The Dark Illusion 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Beginning 1 Duelist League Series 6 participation card Dark Beginning 2 Duelist League Series 7 participation card Enemy of Justice Sneak Peek Participation Card Sneak Peek Participation Cards: Series 2 Shonen Jump Vol. 4, Issue 12 promotional card Pharaoh Tour 2006 promotional cards Dark Legends Retro Pack Gold Series 4: Pyramids Edition Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack Battle Pack 3: Monster League Dragons of Legend 2 Astral Pack Eight Millennium Pack 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Legendary Duelists: Ancient Millennium Dark Saviors Speed Duel Starter Decks: Destiny Masters Speed Duel Starter Decks: Match of the Millennium Toon Chaos Legendary Duelists: Season 1 Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Vol.7 Pharaoh's Servant Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 6 Expert 2 promotional cards Structure Deck: Pegasus Duelist Legacy Volume.1 Duelist Legacy Volume.4 Beginner's Edition 1 Beginner's Edition 2 Beginner's Edition 2 (2011) Collectors Pack: Duelist of Destiny Version Advanced Tournament Pack 2015 Vol.2 Advanced Tournament Pack 2016 Vol.1 World Premiere Pack 2020 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.4 Advanced Event Pack 2013 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Toon " (トゥーン  Tūn ) is an  archetype  of cards used by  Maximillion Pegasus .
 All  Toon Monsters  are "Toon" cards—including " Manga Ryu-Ran ", because it has 「トゥーン」 in its Japanese name. " Toon Alligator " is the only "Toon"  Monster Card  that is also not a Toon monster.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 
 3.1   Strengths 
 
 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Each "Toon" monster is a highly exaggerated cartoon caricature of another monster.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Toon monster 
 Original monster
 
 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 Manga Ryu-Ran 
 Ryu-Ran 
 
 
 Red-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 
 
 Toon Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 
 
 Toon Barrel Dragon 
 Barrel Dragon 
 
 
 Toon Black Luster Soldier 
 Black Luster Soldier 
 
 
 Toon Buster Blader 
 Buster Blader 
 
 
 Toon Cannon Soldier 
 Cannon Soldier 
 
 
 Toon Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon 
 
 
 Toon Dark Magician 
 Dark Magician 
 
 
 Toon Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 
 Toon Gemini Elf 
 Gemini Elf 
 
 
 Toon Goblin Attack Force 
 Goblin Attack Force 
 
 
 Toon Harpie Lady 
 Harpie Lady 
 
 
 Toon Masked Sorcerer 
 Masked Sorcerer 
 
 
 Toon Mermaid 
 Red Archery Girl 
 
 
 Toon Summoned Skull 
 Summoned Skull 
 
 Playing style 
 The main strategy of a Toon Deck is direct attacks on your opponent. For some Toon monsters, " Toon World " is required for them to be able to attack the opponent directly while they control monsters. " Toon Table of Contents " can aid you in adding "Toon" cards to your hand.
 As several Toon monsters can be  Special Summoned  from the hand by their own effect, while you control "Toon World", it's possible to Summon multiple Toon monsters in one turn. Although Level 5 or higher Toon monsters require Tributes for their Special Summon, as the Tributes are not Tributes for a  Tribute Summon , you can Tribute  Monster Tokens  generated from cards like " Scapegoat " and " Fires of Doomsday ".
 Since a lot of the Toon monsters can be Special Summoned when "Toon World" is on your field you can create a big swarm of monsters for a fast  Xyz Summon , Summon a Tuner monster for a fast  Synchro Summon  or simply  Link Summon  with all of your free bodies on board.
 " Toon Gemini Elf " and " Toon Masked Sorcerer " can maintain hand control, because they can attack directly while you control "Toon World", at which time their effects will trigger ("Toon Gemini Elf" forces your opponent to discard a random card from their hand, while "Toon Masked Sorcerer" allows you to draw a card).
 If "Toon World" is about to be destroyed, you can send it to the Graveyard with " Emergency Provisions " instead, so that your Toon monsters do not destroy themselves. However, since "Toon World" is no longer on the field, many "Toon" cards cannot be activated or cannot apply their effects. " Starlight Road " is very useful against mass destruction cards that pose a threat against "Toon World", such as " Mobius the Frost Monarch " or " Twin Twisters ".
 " Forbidden Chalice " can be used to negate the effect of a Toon monster so that it won't destroy itself when "Toon World" is destroyed. It can also negate the effect that prevents the Toon monster from attacking during the turn they are Summoned (although this will also prevent the Toon monster from attacking directly). " Book of Moon " can be used to flip a Toon monster face-down and thus saving it from destruction when "Toon World" is destroyed; however, it will need to wait an additional turn to commence an attack.
 
 Strengths 
 The ability to always attack directly unless facing another Toon deck allows the player to inflict large amounts of damage and avoid hard to deal with opposing monsters. 
 Use " Soul Exchange " for Tributes for Toon monsters, since they cannot attack the turn they are Summoned. 
 Special Summon  a "Toon Mermaid" and Tribute her for a stronger Toon monster. 
 Using " Phantom Skyblaster " can generate  Skyblaster Tokens , which are useful as Tributes for Level 5 and above Toons. "Phantom Skyblaster" also provides further damage with its effect in combination with " Toon Cannon Soldier 's" effect, while giving you access to " Number 66: Master Key Beetle " to further protect your "Toon World". 
 Swarming for fast Tuning, since a lot of the Toon monsters can be Special Summoned when "Toon World" is on the field you can create a big swarm of monsters and Summon a Tuner monster for a fast Synchro Summon 
 Toon decks can access strong  Xyz Monsters  with powerful negation effects including:
 " Toadally Awesome " can be Summoned by " Bahamut Shark " who itself is Summoned using 2  Level 4   WATER  monsters, like "Toon Mermaid" or " Toon Alligator ". 
 " Cyber Dragon Infinity " can be summoned using two copies of " Toon Cyber Dragon " to Summon " Cyber Dragon Nova " and then Special Summon "Infinity" by using "Nova" as material. 
 " Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy " by using two  Level 8  monsters. 
 “ Saryuja Skull Dread ” is very easy to summon in the deck with the swarming ability of Toons. 
 If you’d rather forgo the Extra Deck for your particular build, you can run “ Pot of Extravagance ” for draw power. 
 " Vengeful Bog Spirit " can be very useful in a Toon Deck, because, while it will not impair your Toons much (since they cannot attack when they are Summoned anyway), it will impair your opponent greatly. 
 " Future Visions " can also be included in a Toon Deck, if the  Field Spell Zone  is not already occupied by " Toon Kingdom ", since most Toon monsters are considered  Special Summons , which are unaffected by " Future Visions ". 
 " Creature Swap " is also very good in a Toon Deck, because your opponent will be forced to attack your Toon monsters, if you swap a Toon. 
 " Comic Hand " uses your opponent's monsters against them, which can make up for the lack of removal Toon cards have. 
 " Red-Eyes Toon Dragon ", " Toon Dark Magician ", and " Toon Mask " are very useful that they can swarm Toon monsters ignoring their Summoning conditions. Making the Toons more easily to be Summoned. 
 Since Toon monsters can attack directly, they need not worry about opposing monsters. " Kaiser Colosseum  (currently  Forbidden  in the  TCG ) is therefore a useful addition if you can de-power your opponent's single monster. Useful cards to do this are " Floodgate Trap Hole " and " Quaking Mirror Force ". 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Toon Alligator 
 Effect Monsters 
 Card Guard 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Necroface 
 Rescue Rabbit  (if using "Toon Alligator") 
 Summoner Monk 
 Toon monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Manga Ryu-Ran 
 Red-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Toon Ancient Gear Golem 
 Toon Barrel Dragon 
 Toon Buster Blader 
 Toon Cannon Soldier 
 Toon Cyber Dragon 
 Toon Dark Magician 
 Toon Dark Magician Girl 
 Toon Gemini Elf 
 Toon Goblin Attack Force 
 Toon Masked Sorcerer 
 Toon Mermaid 
 Toon Summoned Skull Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon  (if using "Stardust Road" or "Malefic Stardust Dragon" 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Toadally Awesome 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Magi Magi ☆ Magician Gal 
 Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack 
 Norito the Moral Leader 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Link Monsters 
 Beat Cop from the Underworld 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Saryuja Skull Dread 
 Summon Sorceress 
 Topologic Trisbaena 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Toon Kingdom 
 Toon Table of Contents 
 Toon World 
 Toon Rollback 
 Comic Hand 
 Mimicat 
 Pot of Extravagance 
 Shadow Toon 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Falling Down  (with "Toon Summoned Skull") 
 Field Barrier 
 Forbidden Chalice  (to protect a Toon monster if "Toon World" is destroyed) 
 Emergency Provisions  (to get rid of "Toon World" in order to protect Toon monsters, since it doesn't destroy it) 
 Hidden Armory 
 Magic Planter 
 Magic Reflector 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars 
 Scapegoat 
 Soul Exchange 
 Terraforming 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Toon Briefcase 
 Toon Defense 
 Toon Mask 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Magician's Circle 
 Robbin' Goblin 
 Spirit Barrier 
 Starlight Road 
 There Can Be Only One 
 Quaking Mirror Force 
 Weaknesses 
 Toon monsters, except " Toon Dark Magician Girl " and " Toon Black Luster Soldier " cannot attack the turn they are Summoned. 
 Toon monsters are very reliant on " Toon World " and most of them are destroyed when "Toon World" is destroyed.
 Cards like " Stardust Dragon ", " Dark Bribe ", " Card Guard ", " Carrierroid " and " Solemn Judgment " can negate card destruction effects. 
 If the "Toon World" would leave the field by means other than destruction, such as with " Giant Trunade " or for the cost of " Anteatereatingant ", then the Toon monsters are not destroyed. 
 If "Toon World" would be destroyed, " Emergency Provisions " can be chained to send it to the graveyard, preventing it from being destroyed. 
 " Starlight Road " is very useful against mass destruction cards that pose a threat against "Toon World", such as " Heavy Storm " and " Mobius the Frost Monarch . 
 " Book of Moon " can be used to flip a Toon monster face-down and thus saving it from destruction when "Toon World" is destroyed; however, it will need to wait an additional turn to commence an attack. 
 It is not easy to keep the Toons on the field long enough for their  Direct attack  effect to take effect, although "Toon Kingdom" does help reduce this weakness.
 " Gravity Bind " is always a good card to stall as it gives your monsters time to 'warm-up' so to speak. But as the Toons are all  Level  4 or above " Gravity Bind " may not work as it prevents them from attacking. 
 " Nightmare's Steelcage " may be more useful as it gives you the time to activate your Toon's effect and "Nightmare's Steelcage" leaves the field two  Turn 's later enabling you to play their  Direct attack  effect. 
 " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell " can cripple a Toon Deck, as it can negate the activation of " Toon World " or "Toon Kingdom" and prevent its use for the rest of the duel. Including " Trap Stun ", " Wiretap ", or " Seven Tools of the Bandit " at least in the  Side Deck  can help prevent this. 
 Most of the Toon monsters are high-Leveled monsters, so they can easily be dead draws if there aren't enough monsters available to Tribute. To avert this, " Toon Mask ", " Toon Dark Magician ", " Red-Eyes Toon Dragon " can be used to Special Summon them, or they can be used as a cost for " Trade-In " or " Sacred Sword of Seven Stars ". 
 Toon monsters rely on their ability to attack directly. " Spirit Barrier " will take away this advantage. 
   
" Toon " 「トゥーン」 Members 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon Manga Ryu-Ran Red-Eyes Toon Dragon Toon Alligator Toon Ancient Gear Golem Toon Barrel Dragon Toon Black Luster Soldier Toon Buster Blader Toon Cannon Soldier Toon Cyber Dragon Toon Dark Magician Toon Dark Magician Girl Toon Gemini Elf Toon Goblin Attack Force Toon Harpie Lady Toon Masked Sorcerer Toon Mermaid Toon Summoned Skull 
 Shadow Toon Toon Bookmark Toon Briefcase Toon Defense Toon Kingdom Toon Mask Toon Page-Flip Toon Rollback Toon Table of Contents Toon Terror Toon World 
 Support 
 Toon Dark Magician 
 Toon Table of Contents 
 Related 
 Ancient Gear Golem Barrel Dragon Bickuribox Black Luster Soldier Blue-Eyes White Dragon Buster Blader Cannon Soldier Cyber Dragon Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Dark Rabbit Dream Clown Gemini Elf Genin Goblin Attack Force Harpie Lady Hungry Burger Masked Sorcerer Niwatori Parrot Dragon Pegasus/Monster A Pegasus/Monster B Pegasus/Monster C Red Archery Girl Red-Eyes Black Dragon Ryu-Ran Stuffed Animal Summoned Skull 
 Comic Hand Mimicat Pegasus/Spell A Pegasus/Spell B Pegasus/Spell C Pegasus/Trap A Shine Palace 
 
 v e 
" Toon " 「トゥーン」 a   Members 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon Manga Ryu-Ran Shadow Toon Toon Alligator Toon Ancient Gear Golem Toon Briefcase Toon Dark Magician Girl Toon Kingdom Toon Mask Toon Masked Sorcerer Toon Mermaid Toon Rollback Toon Summoned Skull Toon Summoned Skull Toon Table of Contents Toon World Toon World Toon-Gemini Elf 
 Support 
 Comic Hand Toon Kingdom Toon Table of Contents 
 Related 
 Bickuribox Blue-Eyes White Dragon Dark Magician Girl Dark Rabbit Doppleganger Doppleganger Parrot Dragon Red Archery Girl Ryu-Ran Shine Palace Summoned Skull 
 
 v e 
 Toon  トゥーン m   Members 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon Manga Ryu-Ran Toon Alligator Toon Mermaid Toon Summoned Skull Toon World 
 Related 
 Bickuribox Blue-Eyes White Dragon Dark Rabbit Doppelganger Parrot Dragon Red Archery Girl Ryu-Ran Shine Palace Summoned Skull 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Toon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120608022809']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes