Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_091


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 091 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 誇 り 高 き 乙女 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hokori-takaki Otome 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Proud Maiden 
 
 
 English 
 From the Heart 
 
 
 Number 
 091 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 27, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 1, 2020 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Glory " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " For a Friend " 
 " Fight with a Friend " 
 
 
 
 
 "From the Heart" , known as " Proud Maiden " in the Japanese version, is the ninety-first episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on February 27, 2019. It aired in English on Teletoon on November 1, 2020.
 Bohman  has grown even stronger through his various battles. Using his evolved " Hydradrive " monsters, he drives  Blue Maiden  into a corner. However, Blue Maiden's conviction remains unbroken. She refuses to give up, and keeps on fighting. What kind of tactic will she use?!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Bohman vs. Blue Maiden 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 Continuing from the previous episode,  Blue Maiden  continues to summon more  Marincess  monsters to trigger the effect of Bubble Blast. After she managed to successfully use up all of  Bohman 's negation of effect damage, Bohman would activate his hand trap to bounce back his "Interface Canceller" and reactivate it again. When that happens,  Aqua  worriedly tells her that Bohman can now negate it three times again as Bohman declares to them that he knows what they're planning to do.
 Blue Maiden however, tells Bohman that she will not give up. As the duel progressed, Aqua wondered why Bohman's dueling is precise and calculating instead of anger. Aqua then asked if Bohman was aware that she and Skye were the ones who defeated  Harlin  (in the dub, she instead requests that they stop fighting, which both she and Bohman see as desperate) as Bohman agrees to it. When asked if he hates them, Bohman instead claims that he is grateful to them, as Harlin's defeat allows him to feel negative emotions and as a result, he can produce better strides.(in the dub, Bohman instead affirms that he won’t stop until he has defeated the two to avenge Harlin’s death) This perplexes Skye as Aqua explains that Bohman does care for Harlin.
 Bohman then says that Harlin is now in his heart, dueling with him and continues his duel. As he summoned "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch",  Playmaker  and  Ai  comments on his new Ace Monster. Meanwhile, back at Link VRAINS, many of the users in it have also begin to notice that they cannot log out from the system and are beginning to get irritated with SOL Technologies.
 Akira  and  Ghost Gal  then decide to activate the emergency evacuation restart key to log out all users by force, but Bohman realized that Akira is trying to do and immediately put a stop to it, intending Akira to spectate on his and Blue Maiden's duel. Akira then decides to cheer on for Skye. As the duel continues on, Blue maiden begins to have a panic attack, silently apologizing to  Miyu  that she isn't strong enough to save her, but with Akira's encouragement, she snaps herself back and managed to turn the game around in her favor, even managing to destroy "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" however, before she managed to reduce Bohman's LP to 0, Bohman activates his Trap Card to negate the damage.
 Bohman then congratulates Blue Maiden, saying that she is indeed a good player, but he then summons his "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" back to the field, and using that card, he eventually was able to defeat Blue Maiden. Before Blue Maiden lose all of her LP, she apologized to Aqua for not being strong enough as Aqua tells her that Blue Maiden did well and she was proud to be her partner. 
 As he won, Bohman tells Skye that she did well despite his assured victory and tells her that in his compassion, he will teleport a hologram of Akira to her to say final goodbyes since he himself wasn't able to do it. As the hologram of Akira attempts to hug Skye, the latter turns into data while Akira cries with Ghost Gal watching.
 
 Featured Duel: Bohman vs. Blue Maiden 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Blue Maiden 
Blue Maiden uses " Marincess Sea Horse " to  Link Summon  " Marincess Blue Slug " (1500/LINK-1/↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. Due to " Cubic Hydradrive Lord 's" effect, the effects of  WATER  monsters are negated. As a monster was summoned to a zone " Marincess Crystal Heart " points to, the effect of " Marincess Bubble Blast " activates, which would inflict 500 damage for each of their Link Markers, in this case 3, for a total of 1500 damage. The effect of Bohman's " Interference Canceller " then triggers, lowering the Damage to 0. Since Blue Maiden controls at least 2 " Marincess " Link Monsters, she Special Summons " Marincess Mandarin " (100/100) from her GY to a Zone her "Marincess" Link Monster points to via its own effect, but it is banished when it leaves the field. The effect of "Bubble Blast" effect activates again, but the effect of "Interference Canceller" lowers that to damage to 0.
 Bohman activates the effect of the " Hydradrive Mutation " in his hand, targeting 1 face-up Continuous Trap Card he controls and returning that card to his hand to Special Summon "Mutation" (0/0) to the field. Then, he can set 1 Continuous Trap from his hand and activate it this turn. Bohman returns "Interference Canceller" to his hand, sets it back to the field and activates it again, allowing him to lower effect damage to 0 for a total of 3 times once again. Blue Maiden uses "Sea Horse" and "Mandarin" to Link Summon " Marincess Coral Anemone " (2000/LINK-2/←↓) to a Zone "Crystal Heart" points to. The effect of "Bubble Blast" activates, but the effect of "Intereference Canceller" lowers the damage to 0. Blue Maiden then sets a card.
 Turn 4: Bohman 
Bohman activates the effect of "Mutation", targeting 1 face-up monster on the field and changing its  Attribute  to the targeted monster's. Bohman targets "Crystal Heart", changing "Mutation's" Attribute from  EARTH  to WATER. Bohman then activates " Property Flood ", by Tributing 1 "Hydradrive" monster and targeting 1 "Hydradrive" Link Monster he controls to Special Summon "Hydradrive" Link Monsters from his GY with the same Attribute as the Tributed monster, up to the targeted monster's Link Rating, but they cannot attack, their effects are negated and they are destroyed during the End Phase. Bohman tributes "Mutation", targets "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" and Special Summons 3 copies of " Coolant Hydradrive " (1000/LINK-1/↓) from his GY. Bohman then uses the 3 "Coolant Hydradrives" and "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" to Link Summon " Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch " (3000/LINK-4/←↙↘→) to one of the Zones " Judgment Arrows " points to. The effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" activates as it was Special Summoned, becoming WATER,  FIRE  and  WIND  Attribute in addition to its original EARTH Attribute while negating the effects of monsters with those Attributes that his opponent controls. As "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" was sent to the GY as Link Material, its effect lets Bohman draw a card.
 "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Crystal Heart", but Blue Maiden activates the effect of "Crystal Heart", sending " Marincess Crown Tail " from her hand to the GY to prevent it from being be destroyed by battle and reducing the Battle Damge to 0. Since "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" battled this turn, Bohman activates its effect; Blue Maiden must send 1 face-up monster she controls with the same Attribute as "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" to the GY (her choice), and if she does, "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" can attack a monster again in a row. Blue Maiden then  chains  her set " Marincess Cascade ", banishing all "Marincess" Link Monsters she controls until her next  Standby Phase  to increase the ATK of all face-up monsters currently on the field by the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters banished to activate "Cascade" x300 until the end of this turn ("Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch": 3000 → 4200 ATK). As Blue Maiden controls no monsters, the effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" cannot resolve. Bohman sets a card and ends his turn, and the "Cascade" effect expires ("Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch": 4200 → 3000 ATK).
 Turn 5: Blue Maiden 
During the Standby Phase, the Link monsters that were banished by the effect of "Cascade" are returned to the field. Blue Maiden activates the  Field Spell Card  " Marincess Battle Ocean ", increasing the ATK of all "Marincess" monsters she controls by 200. Blue Maiden then uses "Crystal Heart" and "Coral Anemone" to Link Summon " Marincess Wonder Heart " (2400 → 2600/LINK-4/←↙↘→) to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Crystal Heart" was used as material to Link Summon, the effect of "Battle Ocean" makes "Wonder Heart" unaffected by Bohman's card effects, and since a "Marincess" monster was summoned to the Extra Monster Zone, Blue Maiden can equip up to 3 "Marincess" Link Monsters with different Link Ratings from her GY to that monster. Blue Maiden equips "Blue Slug", "Coral Anemone" and " Marincess Marbled Rock ". The third effect of "Battle Ocean" increases the ATK of all monsters that are equipped with "Marincess" Link Monsters by the total Link Rating of those monsters x300 ("Wonder Heart": 2600 → 4400 ATK). Since "Coral Anemone" was sent to the GY, its effect lets Blue Maiden add "Crown Tail" from her GY to her hand.
 "Wonder Heart" attacks "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch". Bohman attempts to activate the effect of "Judgment Arrows", but the effect of "Wonder Heart" makes "Tesseract Hydrarive Monarch" unaffected by all card effects except its own until the end of the Damage Step. The attack continues and "Wonder Heart" destroys "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" (Bohman: 4000 → 2600 LP). After damage calculation, Blue Maiden activates "Wonder Heart's" effect, Special Summoning the equipped "Marbled Rock" (2500 → 2700/LINK-3/←↓→) to the field with its effects negated (Wonder Heart: 4400 → 3500 ATK). "Marbled Rock" attacks Bohman directly, but Bohman activates his set " Hydradrive Tolerance " by targeting 1 "Hydradrive" Link Monster in his GY that was destroyed and sent there this turn, reducing the battle damage by that monster's Link Rating x300 and preventing Bohman from taking any further damage until the End Phase. Bohman targets "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" and so the damage is reduced by 1200 (Bohman: 2600 → 1100 LP). At the end of the Battle Phase, "Marbled Rock" is re-equipped to "Wonder Heart" due to the latter's effect (3500 → 4400 ATK).
 Turn 6: Bohman 
Bohman activates the effect of "Tesseract Hydradive Monarch" from the GY by paying 1000 LP (Bohman: 1100 → 100 LP), Special Summoning it to his field next to a zone "Judgment Arrows" points to and doubling its ATK ("Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch": 3000 ATK → 6000 ATK), but it is banished during the End Phase. "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Wonder Heart", but Blue Maiden activates the latter's first effect by targeting 1 “Marincess" Link Monster equipped to it so that "Wonder Heart" cannot be destroyed by battle and she takes no battle damage from it. Afterwards, Blue Maiden must Special Summon the targeted monster with its effects negated. She targets "Blue Slug" ("Blue Slug": 1500 → 1700 ATK) ("Wonder Heart": 4400 → 4100 ATK).
 The second effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" activates, forcing Blue Maiden to send 1 face-up monster she controls with the same Attribute as it to the GY (her choice), and if she does, it can attack an opponent's monster again in a row. Blue Maiden chooses "Blue Slug". "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Wonder Heart" and Blue Maiden activates the latter's first effect to Special Summon "Coral Anemone" ("Wonder Heart": 4100 → 3500 ATK), which Blue Maiden then chooses to send to the GY due to the second effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch". Since "Coral Anemone" was sent to the GY, its effect lets Blue Maiden add "Sea Horse" from her GY to her hand. "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Wonder Heart" and Blue Maiden activates the latter's first effect to Special Summon "Marbled Rock" ("Wonder Heart": 3500 → 2600 ATK), whch Blue Maiden then chooses to send to the GY due to the second effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch".
 "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Wonder Heart" for the fourth time. Since a "Marincess" monster is battling, Blue Maiden activates the effect of "Crown Tail" from her hand, revealing it and sending 1 "Marincess Sea Horse" from her hand to the GY to Special Summon "Crown Tail" to the field (600/2300 → 800/2300) and halve the Battle Damage (Blue Maiden: 1900 → 200 LP). Since "Wonder Heart" was destroyed, its effect lets Blue Maiden Special Summon "Crystal Heart" ("Crystal Heart": 0 → 200 ATK) from her GY. The second effect of "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" activates, and Blue Maiden chooses to send "Crown Tail" to the GY. "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" attacks "Crystal Heart". Blue Maiden activates the effect of "Crown Tail" in the GY, banishing it to prevent herself from taking Battle Damage for the rest of the turn if it is equal to or less than the total Link Rating of all "Marincess" Link Monsters in her GY x1000. The attack continues and as a monster it points to is battling, the effect of "Judgment Arrows" doubles that monster's ATK during damage calculation only ("Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch": 6000 → 12000 ATK). "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" destroys "Crystal Heart" (Blue Maiden: 200 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Blue Maiden (Skye Zaizen) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Marincess Crown Tail 
 Marincess Mandarin 
 Marincess Sea Horse Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Marincess Blue Slug 
 Marincess Coral Anemone 
 Marincess Crystal Heart 
 Marincess Marbled Rock 
 Marincess Wonder Heart Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Marincess Battle Ocean 
 Marincess Bubble Blast 
 Traps 
 Marincess Cascade 
 
 Bohman Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hydradrive Mutation Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Coolant Hydradrive  x3 
 Cubic Hydradrive Lord 
 Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Property Flood 
 Traps 
 Hydradrive Tolerance 
 Interference Canceller 
 Trivia 
 During Blue Maiden's final turn, after "Marincess Wonder Heart" was destroyed and sent to the GY, had she decided not to Special Summoned "Marincess Crystal Heart"; she can still Special Summon "Marincess Crown Tail", chose "Crown Tail" to be sent to the GY and "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" will not be able to attack again since there are no monsters on her field and even if "Tesseract" can attack, "Crown Tail" can trigger its banishment effect with a total of 12 Link Markers, which can protect her for 12000 Damage, thus allowing her to continue the duel. 
 Alternatively, had Blue Maiden Special Summoned "Crown Tail" in face-up Defense Position and sends "Crystal Heart" to the GY, "Tesseract" can attack but it would not be able to deal any battle damage to her, which will also allow her to continue the duel. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Vrains_091.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190416113509']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes