Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_052


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 052 
 
 
 
 
 "Cyber End Dragon" and "Shining Flare Wingman" clash. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ カイザー（後編）ファイナル・フュージョン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Kaizā (Kōhen) Fainaru Fyūjon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Kaiser (Second Part) - Final Fusion 
 
 
 English 
 The Graduation Match, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 052 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 28, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 April 6, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tea Sun In 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " 
 " Back to Duel " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 ", known as " VS Kaiser (Second Part) - Final Fusion " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 28, 2005 and in the United States on April 6, 2006.
 Jaden Yuki 's rematch with  Zane Truesdale  continues, with them both unveiling counter after counter before the ultimate end of the Duel.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Zane Truesdale 
 3   Errors 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Zane Truesdale  expresses his disappointment that his last Duel at  Duel Academy  had to end this way, and attacks  Jaden Yuki 's " Elemental HERO Wildedge " with his " Power Bond "-enhanced " Cyber End Dragon ". Jaden activates his face-down " Soul Union ", which adds the attack of the " Elemental HERO Bladedge " in his  Graveyard  to that of "Wildedge". Zane comments that that still isn't enough - Jaden's  Life Points  will still go from 1900 to zero with this attack. Jaden is flustered, as he has been using his head in this match, yet is still losing. The attack hits, and his Life Points go down to 100. He reveals that the chained his  face-down  " Emergency Provisions " at the last moment, sending "Soul Union" to the Graveyard to gain 1000 Life Points before the attack hit. He then activates his face-down " Hero Signal " to  Special Summon " " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " from his  Deck  in  Defense Position ,  drawing  two cards via its effect. Zane  Summons  " Cyber Kirin " and immediately  Tributes  it using its effect. This  negates  any  effect damage  he would take during this turn, thus preventing the game-ending damage he'd have taken from "Power Bond".
 Zane again reminds Jaden that using his head isn't something that comes naturally to him. Jaden realizes that in doing so, he's exhausted himself. He calls for  Ms. Dorothy  and asks her to bring him a snack. Zane allows him to take a break, and Dorothy brings out a  rice cooker  and prepares Jaden a snack, assisted by  Sadie . After eating, the Duel continues, with Jaden playing " Pot of Greed " to draw two more cards. He then Summons " Elemental HERO Avian " in Defense Position, before playing " Spy Hero ", which allows him to randomly  discard  two cards from his Deck in order to take a random  Spell Card  from Zane's Graveyard. It ends up being " Future Fusion ", which Jaden immediately plays to fuse the " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and " Elemental HERO Clayman " in his Deck to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster ". The monster Summoned via "Future Fusion" cannot attack in the turn it is Summoned, so Jaden  Sets  two cards to end his turn. Zane Summons " Cyber Phoenix ", whose effect allows him to negate a card effect that would target a single  Machine - type  monster on the field as long it remains in Attack Position. Zane attacks with "Cyber End Dragon", but Jaden activates his face-down " De-Fusion ". Zane reiterates that "Cyber Phoenix" will negate an effect that targets "Cyber End Dragon", but Jaden splits his own "Rampart Blaster" into "Burstinatrix" and "Clayman" instead. A  replay  would then occur, but Jaden activates his face-down " Elemental Burst ", Tributing the " EARTH "- attribute  "Clayman",  WIND -attribute "Avian",  FIRE -attribute "Burstinatrix" and  WATER -attribute "Bubbleman" to destroy all cards Zane  controls . As this effect is not targeting a specific monster, "Cyber Phoenix" is unable to negate it, so both of Zane's monsters are destroyed, though the second effect of "Cyber Phoenix" lets him draw a card.
 Zane activates " Time Fusion ", which requires him to  remove  a card in his hand from play in order to Special Summon a  Fusion Monster  from his Graveyard during his next  Standby Phase , while  ignoring its Summoning conditions . Jaden simply Sets a card, and Zane begins his next turn. He reveals that the card he removed from play was " Card from a Different Dimension ", which returns to his hand and lets both players draw two cards. "Cyber End Dragon" is then Special Summoned via "Time Fusion". However, the monster Summoned with "Time Fusion" cannot attack during the turn in which it was Summoned, so Zane Sets a card to end his turn. Jaden plays " Fusion Recovery ", adding "Burstinatrix" and " Polymerization " from his Graveyard to his hand. He Summons the former, and then plays " Miracle Fusion " to remove it and the "Avian" in his Graveyard from play and Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ". He then uses "Polymerization" to fuse that with the " Elemental HERO Sparkman " in his hand to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman ", whose ATK increases to 4900 due to the seven " Elemental Heroes " in Jaden's Graveyard. He attacks and destroys "Cyber End Dragon", reducing Zane to 1100 Life Points. "Shining Flare Wingman's" effect would then activate to inflict damage equal to his destroyed monster's attack points to Zane, but he plays his face-down " Damage Polarizer ", negating the damage and letting both players draw a card. Both draw the same one - " Battle Fusion ". Jaden Sets his copy, and ends his turn.
 Zane activates "Power Bond", and declares he'll Summon "Cyber End Dragon" once more, despite not having any copies of " Cyber Dragon " to use as  Fusion Material Monsters . He activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Cybernetic Fusion Support ", which lets him  pay  half of his Life Points to remove Machine-type Fusion Material Monsters in his Graveyard from play to perform a Fusion Summon. "Cyber End Dragon" is Summoned, with its attack doubled via "Power Bond". Zane then activates " Limiter Removal ", doubling its attack points again. He attacks "Shining Flare Wingman", but Jaden activates his face-down "Battle Fusion", increasing the attack of "Shining Flare Wingman" by that of "Cyber End Dragon", for a total of 20,900. Zane chains his own "Battle Fusion", increasing "Cyber End Dragon's" attack by that of "Shining Flare Wingman", for a total of 36,900. Zane and Jaden both compliment each other, and Jaden activates " Final Fusion ", which deals damage equal to the attack of the monsters currently engaged in battle to the Life Points of both players, meaning they both take 57,800 points of effect damage, thus ending the Duel in a  DRAW . The gathered crowd all rise and begin to applaud.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Zane Truesdale 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 
 Turn continues from  the previous episode . 
 Jaden has 1900 Life Points remaining and controls "Elemental Hero Wildedge" (2600/2300) in Attack Position and three set cards.
 Zane has 2000 Life Points remaining and controls "Cyber End Dragon" (8000/2800) in Attack Position and "Future Fusion" (Equipped to "Cyber End Dragon").
 Turn 7: Zane 
Zane has just  Fusion Summoned  " Cyber End Dragon " with " Power Bond ", and because he used "Power Bond" to summon "Cyber End Dragon", its ATK is doubled. "Cyber End Dragon" attacks Jaden's " Elemental Hero Wildedge ", but Jaden  activates  his face-down " Soul Union " and his face-down " Emergency Provisions " with their effects activating in reverse order. 
 "Emergency Provisions" resolves first, sending "Soul Union" to the  Graveyard  and increasing Jaden's Life Points by 1000 (Jaden 1900 → 2900). "Soul Union" resolves next (since it was sent to the Graveyard without being  negated ), targeting the " Elemental HERO Bladedge " in Jaden's Graveyard and increasing the ATK of "Wildedge" by the ATK of "Bladedge" ("Wildedge": 2600 → 5200/2300). "Cyber End Dragon" then destroys "Wildedge" (Jaden 2900 → 100). 
 Jaden then activates his face-down " Hero Signal " to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " (800/1200) from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . Since "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" was summoned while Jaden had no other cards on his side of the field, its second effect activates, allowing Jaden to  draw  two cards. Zane  Normal Summons  " Cyber Kirin " (300/800) in  Attack Position . He then  Tributes  "Cyber Kirin" via its own effect in order to prevent himself from taking any effect damage this turn.
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates " Pot of Greed " to draw two cards. Jaden then Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Avian " (1000/1000) in Defense Position. He then activates " Spy Hero " to send two random cards from his Deck to the Graveyard and add Zane's " Future Fusion " from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 Jaden then activates "Future Fusion" to send " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and " Elemental HERO Clayman " from his Deck to the Graveyard and  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in Defense Position. Jaden  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 9: Zane 
Zane draws " Cyber Phoenix " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/1600) in Attack Position. While "Cyber Phoenix" is in Attack Position, it can negate the effects of any  Spells  or  Traps  that specifically  target  one  Machine - Type  monster that Zane controls. Zane then uses "Cyber End Dragon" to attack "Elemental Hero Rampart Blaster" with the intention of having "Cyber End Dragon" inflict piercing damage to Jaden, but Jaden activates his face-down " De-Fusion " to send "Elemental Hero Rampart Blaster" to the Graveyard and Special Summon "Burstinatrix" (1200/800) and "Clayman" (800/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. 
 Before a  replay  can occur, Jaden activates his face-down " Elemental Burst " to Tribute all four of his monsters ("Elemental Hero Clayman" of  EARTH , "Elemental Hero Avian" of  WIND , "Elemental Hero Burstinatrix" of  FIRE , and "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" of  WATER ) and destroy all cards that Zane controls. As "Cyber Phoenix" was destroyed, its last effect activates, allowing Zane to draw a card ("Time Fusion"). Zane then activates " Time Fusion " to remove from play one card in his hand and Special Summon "Cyber End Dragon" from his Fusion Deck during his next Standby Phase,  ignoring its Summoning conditions , but that Fusion Monster will be unable to attack that turn.
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws a card and subsequently sets it.
 Turn 11: Zane 
Zane draws. Since " Card from a Different Dimension " was  removed from play  on Zane's last turn (due to him using it for the cost of "Time Fusion"), its first effect activates, returning it to Zane's hand during the Standby Phase. After that resolves, the second effect of "Card from a Different Dimension" activates, allowing Zane and Jaden to draw two cards (Zane draws "Cybernetic Fusion Support" and " Limiter Removal " while Jaden draws " Miracle Fusion " and " Fusion Recovery " ( which is incorrectly shown as "De-Fusion" )). At the same time, the effect of "Time Fusion" activates, Special Summoning "Cyber End Dragon" (4000/2800) from his Fusion Deck in Attack Position. Zane sets a card.
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Sparkman ". He then activates "Fusion Recovery" to add " Polymerization " and "Elemental Hero Burstinatrix" from his Graveyard to his hand. He then Normal Summons "Elemental Hero Burstinatrix" (1200/800) in Attack Position. Next Jaden activates "Miracle Fusion" to remove from play "Burstinatrix" and "Elemental Hero Avian" from his field and Graveyard in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. 
 Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Flame Wingman" with "Sparkman" in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman " (2500/2100) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Shining Flare Wingman", it gains 300 ATK for every "Elemental Hero" in Jaden's Graveyard. There are currently eight ("Shining Flare Wingman": 2500 → 4900/2100).
 "Elemental Hero Shining Flare Wingman" attacks and destroys "Cyber End Dragon" (Zane 2000 → 1100). Since "Shining Flare Wingman" destroyed a monster in battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its second effect activates, inflicting damage to Zane equal to the original ATK of "Cyber End Dragon", but Zane activates his face-down " Damage Polarizer " to  negate  the effect of "Elemental Hero Shining Flare Wingman". After "Damage Polarizer" resolves successfully, its second effect activates, allowing Jaden and Zane to draw one card (They both draw "Battle Fusion"). Jaden Sets a card.
 Turn 13: Zane 
Zane draws "Power Bond" and subsequently activates it to Fusion Summon a Machine-type Fusion Monster by sending the appropriate Fusion Material Monsters to the Graveyard. As Zane is about to Fusion Summon a Machine-type Fusion Monster, he activates " Cybernetic Fusion Support " to pay half his  Life Points  (Zane 1100 → 550) and remove from play his three " Cyber Dragons " from his Graveyard and use "Cybernetic Fusion Support" as the substitute for the Fusion Material Monsters used for the Fusion Summon done by "Power Bond". "Power Bond" then Fusion Summons "Cyber End Dragon" in Attack Position with its ATK doubled (4000 → 8000/2800).
 "Cyber End Dragon" attacks Jaden's "Shining Flare Wingman". Zane then activates "Limiter Removal" to double the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" again ("Cyber End Dragon": 8000 → 16000/2800), but "Cyber End Dragon" will be destroyed on the End Phase. Jaden then activates his face-down " Battle Fusion " to increase the ATK of "Shining Flare Wingman" by the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" ("Shining Flare Wingman": 4900 → 20900/2100). Zane then activates his own "Battle Fusion" from his hand to increase the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" by the ATK of "Shining Flare Wingman" ("Cyber End Dragon": 16000 → 36900/2800). Jaden then activates his face-down " Final Fusion " to inflict damage to both players equal to the combined ATK of their battling monsters (Jaden 100 → 0; Zane 550 → 0).
 
 Errors 
 After " Card from a Different Dimension " resolves, it is revealed that Jaden draws " Miracle Fusion " and " De-Fusion ". However, in the next turn (where he uses all the cards in his hand) " Fusion Recovery ", not "De-Fusion" is activated. 
 " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " is shown to being counted in the ATK of " Elemental Hero Shining Flare Wingman " when it shouldn't be as it was returned to the Fusion Deck via " De-Fusion ". 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version,  Judai  and  Kaiser  make references to the latter being "perfect". Just before the Duel ends, Kaiser tells Judai that he will one day surpass him. While Kaiser has reached his limit of "perfection", he states that Judai has "infinite potential".
 
 Trivia 
 For almost 8 years, "Cyber End Dragon" held the record for the highest achieved finite ATK in the series in this episode. This record was broken with the airing of  episode 98  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime, where " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " and " Number 104: Masquerade " achieved 83,200 and 41,700 ATK respectively, both topping Cyber End Dragon's record of 36,900 ATK in this episode. 
 Similarly, "Final Fusion" held the record for the highest finite damage inflicted by a single card for a little over 8 years (57,800). This record was broken with the airing of  episode 141  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  where  Don Thousand  was defeated by an attack from an overpowered " Number 39: Utopia ", suffering 104,000 points of battle damage. Technically, "Final Fusion" still holds the record in terms of sum total damage inflicted due to both Jaden and Zane being affected (115,600). 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge [Notes 1] 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster 
 Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Wildedge Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle Fusion 
 De-Fusion 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Miracle Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spy Hero 
 Traps 
 Elemental Burst 
 Final Fusion 
 Hero Signal 
 Soul Union 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Kirin 
 Cyber Phoenix Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle Fusion 
 Card from a Different Dimension 
 Cybernetic Fusion Support 
 Future Fusion 
 Limiter Removal 
 Power Bond 
 Time Fusion 
 Traps 
 Damage Polarizer 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Wildedge Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Traps 
 Soul Union 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card is shown in Jaden's Graveyard when he counts up the number of Elemental Hero monsters in his Graveyard. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Series052.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141209004411', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes