Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Prana_(Duel_Links)


 
 Prana 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Prana 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 プラナ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 Prana  is a special Duelist in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Sera , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions .
 At the moment she is referred to as  Unknown Duelist .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Duel rewards 
 4   Skills 
 5   Dialogue 
 
 5.1   Character-specific 
 5.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 6   Unused Dialogue 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Defeat 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Prana, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Ghost Ship "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Constellar Algiedi "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Diana the Light Spirit "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cubic Mandala "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Virgo "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Aldebaran "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Star Cradle "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fiend Reflection #2 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Lucky Trinket "
 
 Skills 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Prana announces "What you are doing is dangerous." followed by "I cannot warn you enough, Kaiba."
 When she wins the Duel, Prana says "You'll never become the Pharaoh." 
 When she loses the Duel, Prana says "I tried to stop you from making a grave mistake." or "Sigh... I liked this style of this avatar." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Prana Summons " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel ", a cut-in frame of Prana's face briefly appears, and she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel attacks!" followed by "Boost Knuckle!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast ", she announces "I Special Summon Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast attacks!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast's effect!" 
 When Prana Summons " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth ", she announces "I Special Summon Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast ", she announces "I Special Summon Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast! Attack!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Geira Guile the Cubic King ", she announces "I Special Summon Geira Guile the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Geira Guile the Cubic King!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Geira Guile the Cubic King's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor ", she announces "I Special Summon Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor! Attack!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King ", she announces "I Special Summon Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King! Attack!" 
 When Prana activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Ascension ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Cubic Ascension!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "I banish Cubic Ascension from the Graveyard to activate it!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Dharma ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Spell! Cubic Dharma!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "Cubic Dharma's effect activates!" followed by "I banish Cubic Dharma from the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Karma ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Spell! Cubic Karma!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "Cubic Karma's effect activates!" followed by "I banish Cubic Karma from the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Mandala ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Cubic Mandala!" followed by "Your monsters may revive, but they're neutralized!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Wave ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Cubic Wave!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "I banish Cubic Wave and Cubic monsters from the Graveyard!" followed by "For each Cubic I banish, your monster is neutralized!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Prana Summons " Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord ", she announces "I Special Summon Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord!" 
 When Prana activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Due to Crimson Nova's effect, it can attack again!" 
 When Prana activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord's effect deals 3000 damage to both players!" 
 When Prana Summons " Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord ", she announces "Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Crimson Nova Trinity attacks!" 
 When Prana activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "By destroying a monster, Trinity can attack again!" 
 When Prana activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Crimson Nova Trinity's effect activates!" 
 When Prana Summons " Vijam the Cubic Seed ", she announces "Vijam the Cubic Seed !"
 Most of the time when Prana declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Vijam the Cubic Seed!" 
 When Prana activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Vijam has escaped to a dimension that you cannot attack, and renders your monster's effects and offense useless!" 
 When Prana activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Vijam leaves this dimension and neutralizes your monster!" followed by "Vijam returns to our dimension!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Causality ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Cubic Causality!" followed by "For every Cubic monster I have, your monster is neutralized!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "I activate Cubic Causality by banishing it from the Graveyard!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Defense ", she announces "I activate my Counter-Trap! Cubic Defense!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "Cubic Defense's effect activates!" 
 When Prana activates " Cubic Rebirth ", she announces "I activate Cubic Rebirth to neutralize your monster and Special Summon a Cubic monster from my hand!" 
 When Prana activates " Unification of the Cubic Lords ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Unification of the Cubic Lords!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Prana announces "I banish Unification of the Cubic Lords to activate it!" 
 Trivia 
 Prana is the first  Duel Links  character to be based on the manga series, instead of the anime.
 She is also the only special non-legendary Duelist to have dialogue. 
 Prana is the only character to not have cards that feature a cut-in frame of the Duelist(s) themselves. 
 Ishizu Ishtar ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Sera ,  Scud , Prana,  Blair Flannigan , and  Carly Carmine  are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them, excluding Blair, possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 While some Legendary Duelists share cards for which they have card-specific dialogue, the cards within the respective voice files of  Aigami , Sera, and Prana are verbatim. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra , Aigami, Sera, Prana,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar , Blair Flannigan,  Yusei Fudo ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Reginald Kastle  are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Prana's dialogue such cards include: " Cubic Defense ". 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , Ishizu Ishtar,  Odion ,  Maximillion Pegasus , Arkana,  Espa Roba , Scud, Prana, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Syrus Truesdale , and Sartorius Kumar are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz  - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale  - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD)  - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo (Duel Links)  - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton , Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo  and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski  and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi , Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and  Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Téa Gardner (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Prana-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/279?cb=20210701124404', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Profile-DULI-Prana.png/revision/latest?cb=20190927144631', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/CutIn-DULI-Prana.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927152721', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Defeat-DULI-Prana.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927144539', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters