Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_Kaiba_and_Maximillion_Pegasus%27_Duelist_Kingdom_Duel


 
 Seto Kaiba and Maximillion Pegasus' Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba and Maximillion Pegasus' Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Maximillion Pegasus Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Pegasus Castle ,  Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 26:  Champion vs. Creator Part 1 27:  Champion vs. Creator Part 2 
 
 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  and  Seto Kaiba  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  Maximillion J. Pegasus and Seto Kaiba's Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Prior Events 
 After the duel between  Téa Gardner  and  Mai Valentine , The group climb to the top of the stairs. They are intercepted by  Kemo , who informs them that only duelists with 10 star chips can enter, to which  Yugi Muto ,  Joey Wheeler  and Mai all qualify. Mai also distracts Kemo so Tea,  Tristan Taylor  and  Bakura  can enter. Once inside, they soon run into  Bandit Keith  who, after a minor scuffle, points out to Kaiba. They are soon greeted by  Croquet , who tells them as congratulations for making it so far in the Duelist Kingdom tournament, Maximillion Pegasus has prepared some entertainment: An exhibition duel between the former champion Seto Kaiba and Duel Monsters creator Pegasus himself.
 Kaiba was not pleased about what Pegasus had done and vows to save his brother  Mokuba Kaiba . Pegasus remembers his agreement with Kaiba: Since Kaiba beat Yugi he has earned the right to duel Pegasus and if the former defeats the latter, he will release Mokuba. Joey and Tristan agree that even though Kaiba is a creep, anyone who stands up to Pegasus can't be all bad and Yugi thinks highly of Kaiba since he, like Yugi, is fighting for someone he cares for.
 Pegasus also points to the audience in the raftors. Kaiba is surprised to see Yugi since he defeated him. Kaiba proposes they use his Duel Disks but Pegasus goofs a little until he makes a counter-proposal: Have someone duel for him while he gives advice to his representative. He has one of his guards bring out Mokuba, whose soul was stolen by Pegasus, reminding Kaiba that if he beats him he will free Mokuba. Yugi suddenly realized this was the reason why Kaiba risked his own life  during their duel . As Pegasus was about to finalize the terms of the duel, using the duel disk but having Mokuba operate it for him, Kaiba backs down refusing to duel his brother since he has been through enough. Kaiba agrees to duel Pegasus on his terms but orders him to leave Mokuba out of their struggle. Pegasus orders his guard to return Mokuba to his cell. With a snap of Pegasus' fingers, a duel stadium comes down. Yugi tries to offer Kaiba help but the latter refuses. Joey reminds Yugi that Kaiba did take 5 of his 10 star chips, but Yugi says he knows what it's like to fight for a loved one and he would feel guilty about what happened if he didn't at least try to help. Kaiba rebukes Yugi's help since he wants to duel Pegasus his way. The duel to determine if the true master of Duel Monsters is the creator or the champion then proceeds.
 
 Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba Vs. Maximillion Pegasus 
 Turn 1: Pegasus Pegasus draws. He then Sets a monster and a card and ends his turn.
 Turn 2: Seto Kaiba Kaiba   draws . Kaiba's  hand  contains " Ryu-Kishin Powered ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", " Rude Kaiser ", " Crush Card Virus ", " Mesmeric Control " and " Saggi the Dark Clown ". Kaiba decides to hold off on using "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" until he has a better understanding of Pegasus's strategy. Kaiba  Sets  a card and  Normal Summons  "Rude Kaiser" ( 1800 / 1600 ) in  Attack Position  (1800/1600). "Rude Kaiser"  attacks  and  destroys  Pegasus's Set " Toon Alligator " ( 800 / 1600 ) (800/1600).
 At this point, Pegasus puts on a worried act, pretending to be scared of Kaiba.
 Turn 3: Pegasus Pegasus draws " Parrot Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 2000 / 1300 ) in Attack Position. "Parrot Dragon" attacks "Rude Kaiser", but Kaiba  activates  his face-down "Mesmeric Control" to reduce the  ATK  of "Parrot Dragon" by 800 ("Parrot Dragon": 2000 → 1200/1300). "Rude Kaiser" destroys "Parrot Dragon" (Pegasus: 2000 → 1400  LP ).
 At this point Mai thinks Pegasus is toying with Kaiba, and not only does Joey agree but also brings up the fact he did the same thing to Yugi when they first duelled.
 Turn 4: Kaiba Kaiba draws. At this point, Kaiba senses something is wrong: The duel has been too easy so far with Kaiba taking out two of Pegasus's monsters and the latter not even trying to fight back, almost as if he knew how Kaiba would attack. He then tries to Normal Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", but Pegasus activates his face-down " Prophecy " to let him predict if the ATK of Kaiba's card is more, equal to, or less than 2000. If he is correct, the card will be added to his hand. Pegasus guesses that the card Kaiba is trying to play has over 2000 ATK and guesses that card in question is "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". He is correct, so "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is added to his hand. With "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in Pegasus's possession, Kaiba becomes weary since Pegasus can summon it at any time, so he  switches  "Rude Kaiser" to Defense Position.
 Turn 5: Pegasus Pegasus draws. At this point in the duel, Pegasus uses the power of his  Millenium Eye  to see the cards in Kaiba's hand. He notices "Crush Card Virus" and "Saggi the Dark Clown" realizing Kaiba's endgame is to use them in a combo. Pegasus prepares a counter for this by setting a card and a monster.
 Turn 6: Kaiba Kaiba draws. He then Normal Summons " Saggi the Dark Clown " ( 600 / 1500 ) in Attack Position and Sets a card ("Crush Card Virus"), as Pegasus predicted.
 Turn 7: Pegasus Pegasus draws. He then activates his face-down " Negative Energy " to double the ATK of every  DARK  monster on the  field  ("Saggi the Dark Clown": 600 → 1200/1500). Since the ATK of "Saggi the Dark Clown" is now over 1000, "Crush Card" cannot be activated. Pegasus then  Flip Summons  " Dark Rabbit " ( 1100  → 2200/ 1500 ). "Dark Rabbit" attacks and destroys "Saggi the Dark Clown" (Kaiba: 2000 → 1000 LP).
 Turn 8: Kaiba Kaiba draws. He Sets a monster and ends his turn.
 Turn 9: Pegasus Pegasus draws. Before he makes his move he asks Kaiba if he ever watched cartoons in his youth and takes his silence as a no and recalls watching a cartoon called Funny Bunny. Annoyed, Kaiba demands he make his move, but he tells him that a cartoon is his move. He plays the card he drew, " Toon World " and subsequently  activates  it. Now any monsters Pegasus controls can be transformed into  Toon monsters . Also any monsters that are within the pages of "Toon World" cannot be  attacked  by Kaiba's monsters. "Dark Rabbit" attacks and  destroys  Kaiba's Set " Battle Ox " ( 1700 / 1000 ). Pegasus uses the  effect  of " Toon World " to hide "Dark Rabbit" within its pages.
 Turn 10: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He sets a card and ends his turn.
 Turn 11: Pegasus Pegasus draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " ( 3000 / 2500 ) in Attack Position. Pegasus then uses the effect of "Toon World" to transform "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" into " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " ( 3000 / 2500 ). "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" attacks and destroys "Rude Kaiser". Kaiba is appalled over what Pegasus did to his monster.
 Turn 12: Kaiba Kaiba, at this point, decides to abandon his  hand  and start  Top-Decking . He draws "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 3000 / 2500 ) in Attack Position. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon", but "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" dodges the attack as "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is not a Toon monster.
 At this point, Mai asks Yugi if he ever heard of "Toon World", but Yugi tells her it was too powerful to be brought into circulation and Pegasus has the only copy of that card.
 Turn 13: Pegasus Pegasus draws. He thinks to himself that since Kaiba abandoned his hand he can't look at any cards, but decides to peer into Kaiba's mind since he has memorized every card in his deck and prepares a counterattack. In the meantime, he activates " Shine Palace " to increase the  ATK  of "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" by 500 ("Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon": 3000 → 3500/2500) (This is visually shown by Toon Dragon's biceps erupt like volcanoes and Toon Dragon itself buffing up). "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" attacks "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but Kaiba activates his face-down " Negate Attack " to  negate  the attack and end the  Battle Phase .
 Turn 14: Kaiba Kaiba worries because he needs something to defeat "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" so he draws his next card for himself and Mokuba. Kaiba draws " Shadow Spell " and subsequently activates it to immobilize "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" and decrease its ATK by 700 ("Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon": 3500 → 2800/2500). "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" (Pegasus: 1400 → 1200 LP). Pegasus vows to make Kaiba pay for destroying Toon Dragon as it was like humor itself.
 Turn 15: Pegasus Pegasus draws " Dragon Capture Jar " and subsequently activates it. Upon activation, "Dragon Capture Jar" is  Special Summoned  as an  Effect Monster  ( 100 / 200 ) in Defense Position. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is then absorbed into "Dragon Capture Jar" due to its effect. The  DEF  of "Dragon Capture Jar" then increases by the DEF of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" ("Dragon Capture Jar": 100/200 → 2700).
 Turn 16: Kaiba Kaiba draws and subsequently Sets a monster and ends his turn.
 Turn 17: Pegasus Pegasus draws. He then Sets one card and Normal Summons " Dragon Piper " ( 200 / 1800 ) in Defense Position. Pegasus intends to  switch  "Dragon Piper" into Attack Position during his next  turn . Once he does that, the effect of "Dragon Piper" will activate, releasing "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from "Dragon Capture Jar" and placing "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" under Pegasus' control. Pegasus will then use "Toon World" to transform the released "Blue-Eyes" into its Toon counterpart.
 Turn 18: Kaiba Kaiba draws "Reborn the Monster". He then  Flip Summons  "Swordstalker" ( 2000 / 1600 ) in Attack Position. "Swordstalker" attacks "Dragon Piper", but Pegasus activates his face-down " Doppleganger " to activate the effect of Kaiba's " Crush Card Virus ", infecting "Dragon Piper". "Swordstalker" destroys "Dragon Piper", but this activates the effect of "Crush Card Virus", destroying "Swordstalker" and all monsters in Kaiba's  Deck  that have 1500 or more ATK. Seto activates " Reborn the Monster ", the only card "Crush Card Virus" did not infect, to Special Summon "Saggi the Dark Clown" ( 600 / 1500 ) from his  Graveyard  in Defense Position.
 Turn 19: Pegasus Pegasus Normal Summons " Bickuribox " ( 2300 / 2000 ) in Attack Position. "Bickuribox" attacks and destroys "Saggi the Dark Clown". Since Kaiba's Deck is now  empty , he loses by default.
 Pegasus wins
 
 Aftermath 
 Pegasus reminds Kaiba of the shame he is feeling, losing his only chance to save his brother and Kaiba Corp, but offers to spare him of it by sealing his soul into a card. He then orders his guards to take Kaiba’s body away to the dungeon. Enraged, Yugi transforms into Yami Yugi, and declares he will stop Pegasus — but he informs him in order to do that, he must first face off against the other opponents.
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/Yugioh026.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140106192227']
Categories: Duels, Duelist Kingdom Duels