Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_131


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 エースカード大集合！！開け、次元の扉！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Ēsu Kādo Daishūgō!! Hirake, Jigen no Tobira! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Great Gathering of Ace Cards!! Open, Door of Dimensions! 
 
 
 English 
 All for One 
 
 
 Number 
 131 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 11, 2007 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 28, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Teardrop (ティアドロップ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Sun (太陽)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " 
 " A New World Order " 
 
 
 
 
 "All for One" , known as  "Great Gathering of Ace Cards!! Open, Door of Dimensions!"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and thirty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 11, 2007 and in the US on November 28, 2007.
 Having returned to  Duel Academy  from the  alternate dimension , everyone believes that the conflict is over. As  Jaden Yuki  mourns the abandonment of  Jesse Anderson , another portal opens, and Jaden becomes eager to go back to try and find Jesse.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Osamu vs. Jaden Yuki 
 3   Differences from the dub 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 The power of " Rainbow Dragon " has defeated  Yubel 's " Chaos Phantasm Armityle ", the fused form of the  Sacred Beasts .  Duel Academy  and everyone around it have returned to Earth, except for Yubel,  Jesse Anderson  and  Adrian Gecko . The duel ends with Yubel cursing Jesse for keeping her from  Jaden Yuki . Meanwhile Jesse, who knew he wouldn't be able to return with the others from the start, vanishes seconds afterwards with the wish everyone else returned to earth safely. Everyone who was turned into a  Duel Ghoul  has their minds restored. The  Bio-Bands  crumble into powder, and so the  Survival Duels  are finally over. Jaden, upon discovering Jesse is missing, becomes distressed and tries calling from him, terrified by the prospect his friend may have failed to return to earth safely. Finally he recalls that Jesse knew he was sacrificing himself for his friends, and sits near Marcel against a wall, upset he couldn't save everyone.
 Marcel Bonaparte  is recovering in the infirmary, where  his father  goes to apologize to him. A short flashback reveals that Bonaparte and his wife always fought, and he often left the house for long periods of time to pursue a pro dueling career. This isolated Marcel, and that ultimately provided the vector that allowed Yubel to possess him. Marcel accepts his father's apology.
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Atticus Rhodes ,  Jim Crocodile Cook ,  Axel Brodie ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Syrus Truesdale  and  Tyranno Hassleberry  gather at the  Slifer Red  dorm. Jaden has been moping about since returning, depressed that he could not save Jesse and ultimately blaming himself for his disappearance. Axel comments that it seems that Yubel's true target was Jaden all along, and that the two seemed to know one another. Alexis adds that she found out from Jaden that the spirit's name was Yubel.
 Chancellor Sheppard  enters the room, and decides to reveal some of Jaden's past to his friends. He states there is a reason he watched Jaden so closely since his freshman year. Jaden's parents had told him that Jaden had a particularly strong connection to Duel Spirits, especially with Yubel. Jaden's parents were often not home, and so Jaden spent his time playing Duel Monsters with friends. Yubel had been Jaden's favorite card, as it had been a gift from his father. However, whenever Jaden played the card, horrible things would happen to his opponent. One friend,  Osamu , fell into a coma after defeating Jaden in a duel before suggesting Jaden not attempt to summon her anymore (in the English dub Yubel attacked him for (playfully) insulting Jaden). After this happened, no one wished to duel with Jaden, as they feared for their safety.
 When Jaden won  KaibaCorp 's card design contest, he requested that his Yubel card be placed in a separate satellite from his Neos designs. He hoped that it receiving the same space waves used to create Neos would pacify the spirit of the card. However, it was instead affected by a  different power , which only intensified the spirit's ruthlessness. Outside the dorm, both  Zane Truesdale  and  Aster Phoenix  are eavesdropping. Both seem annoyed at the other's presence, but tolerate the other long enough to hear Sheppard's speech. Zane clutches his heart in pain, but comments that Yubel would be a fitting opponent for his final duel.
 Later,  Bastion Misawa  rushes into the room and claims that the door to the other dimension is trying to open again.  Winged Kuriboh  awakens Jaden, who rushes towards the site. Bastion states that in less than hour, some sort of disturbance is going to occur at the site of the Gravekeeper's ruins. They check Jaden's room, but learn the boy is gone. They then rush to the site, hoping to stop Jaden from impulsively going back alone. Upon reaching Jaden, Bastion states that there's a large chance that the portal will not lead to the same alternate dimension they were in, but a different one. Jaden responds that it's worth the risk, as Yubel is his problem and Jesse shouldn't be involved.
 Chazz, Jim, Axel, Alexis and Hassleberry all wish to go with Jaden to attempt to rescue Jesse, reminding Jaden that Jesse was also their friend. Syrus, Bastion and Atticus are more skeptical, and urge all of them to think this through further, with Bastion even commenting that the chances of returning again are close to zero. Bastion states that the portal is currently unstable, and that if they go in now, they won't know where they end up. He also says that the portal is emitting Duel Energy, enough that they should be able to manifest card spirits for real. If they use that power, they can stabilize the portal.
 Jaden Summons " Elemental Hero Neos ", Chazz calls out " XYZ-Dragon Cannon ", Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Benten ", Hassleberry plays " Super Conductor Tyranno ", Jim summons " Fossil Warrior Skull King " and Axel calls " Volcanic Doomfire ". All begin to shoot energy beams towards the portal. It doesn't seem to be working, but then Syrus, Bastion and Atticus add " Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union ", " Water Dragon " and " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " respectively, and this proves to be enough to fully open the portal. However, the portal widens too much, and engulfs everyone in the immediate vicinity - Jaden's group, plus Zane, Aster,  Dr. Crowler  and  Echo , who were all nearby.
 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Featured Duel: Osamu vs. Jaden Yuki 
 Duel already in progress. Osamu has 2200 Life Points and has on his side of the field " Skull Servant " (300/200), " Clown Zombie " (1350/0), and " Dragon Zombie " (1600/0) in Attack Position and one set card. Jaden has 1800 Life Points and has on his side of the field " Beaver Warrior " (1200/1500) and " Oscillo Hero " (1250/700) in Attack Position.
 Jaden's turn 
Jaden's hand contains " The Warrior Returning Alive ". Jaden draws " Yubel ". He then  Tributes  "Beaver Warrior" and "Oscillo Hero" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Yubel", but Osamu  activates  his face-down " Perfect Counter Code 123 " to  negate  the summon of "Yubel" and destroy the latter.
 Osamu's turn 
Osamu draws. "Skull Servant", "Clown Zombie", and "Dragon Zombie" attack directly (Jaden 1800 → 1500 → 150 → 0).
 
 
 
 Differences from the dub 
 A scene showing Chazz about to punch Jaden before Axel stops him is cut from the dub. 
 Errors 
 When Osamu was calling out his attack, he said " Crass Clown " instead of " Clown Zombie ". 
 Hassleberry is not seen when everyone falls through the portal at the end of the episode. 
 Featured cards 
 The following card appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior 
 Clown Zombie 
 Dragon Zombie 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Oscillo Hero 
 Skull Servant 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Skelengel   [Notes 1] 
 Yubel Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Phantasm Armityle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Neo Space 
 Premature Burial   [Notes 2] 
 The Warrior Returning Alive   [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 Perfect Counter Code 123 
 
 Ace cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Water Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Warrior Skull King 
 Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is shown in Jaden's Graveyard. 
 
 ↑   This card is shown in  Osamu 's Graveyard. 
 
 ↑   This card is shown in Jaden's hand. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 3 episodes 
 #105 " Third Time's A Charm " #106 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " #107 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " #108 " Hanging with Axel: Part 1 " #109 " Hanging with Axel: Part 2 " #110 " Primal Instinct " #111 " Head in the Clouds: Part 1 " #112 " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " #113 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " #114 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " #115 " Trapper Keeper, Part 1 " #116 " Trapper Keeper, Part 2 " #117 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 1 " #118 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 2 " #119 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 3 " #120 " Inter-Dimension Detention " #121 " Sub-Desert Duel " #122 " Night of the Living Duelist " #123 " School Ghoul Duels " #124 " Triple Play, Part 1 " #125 " Triple Play, Part 2 " #126 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " #127 " Breaking of the Sacred Seal " #128 " A Dimensional Duel " #129 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 1 " #130 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " #131 " All for One " #132 " A New World Order " #133 " Friend or Fiend " #134 " Dueling With the Dark Army " #135 " Turning the Page, Part 1 " #136 " Turning the Page, Part 2 " #137 " The State of Syrus " #138 " The Darkness Revealed " #139 " A Sight Unseen, Part 1 " #140 " A Sight Unseen, Part 2 " #141 " What Lies Beneath, Part 1 " #142 " What Lies Beneath, Part 2 " #143 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " #144 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 " #145 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " #146 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " #147 " Conquering the Past, Part 2 " #148 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " #149 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 1 " #150 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 2 " #151 " The Power Within, Part 1 " #152 " The Power Within, Part 2 " #153 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 1 " #154 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 2 " #155 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " #156 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2 
 S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Series131.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121026230956', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes