Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Exodia

This article is about the archetype. For the card, see " Exodia the Forbidden One ". For other uses, see  Exodia (disambiguation) .     
 
 
 Exodia 
 エクゾディア  ( Ekuzodia ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Exodia the Forbidden One " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Éxodia 
 
 
 German 
 Exodia 
 
 
 Italian 
 Exodia 
 
 
 Korean 
 엑조디아   Ekjodia   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Exodia 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Exodia 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon Dark Crisis 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses promotional cards Dark Beginning 1 Master Collection Volume 1 Dark Revelation Volume 1 Master Collection Volume 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Ultimate Beginner's Pack Retro Pack Dark Legends Duelist League 2 participation cards Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Yugi's Legendary Decks Legendary Decks II The Lost Art Promotion D Maximum Gold: El Dorado Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack (Japanese) Phantom God Duelist Legacy Volume.2 Power of the Guardian Invader of Darkness Beginners Pack Beginner's Edition 1 Expert Edition Volume.1 Gold Series (OCG) Beginner's Edition 1 (2011) The Gold Box Memories of the Duel King: Duelist Kingdom Arc Millennium Box Gold Edition 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave 20th Anniversary Legend Collection 20th Anniversary Monster Art Box‎ 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.1 Gold Series 2014 Millennium Deck 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! (Duel Monsters) Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Exodia " (エクゾディア,  Ekuzodia ) is an  archetype  of  DARK   Spellcaster   monsters , with its first member released in  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  and its first support released in  Millennium Box Gold Edition . They are focused on alternative  victory conditions , and has support related to summoning or strengthening  Beatsticks  resembling Exodia. It is related to the " Forbidden One " archetype.
 While many people refer to the "Forbidden One" cards as "Exodia" cards, only "Exodia the Forbidden One" (the head) is part of this archetype.
 The main card, " Exodia the Forbidden One ", is one of the first five  Effect Monsters  ever to be released and the first card to have an alternative  victory condition .
 Notably, "Exodia the Forbidden One" and the other "Forbidden One" cards were the only monsters ever specifically mentioned in the rulebooks (other than as an example), due to "Exodia the Forbidden One" being the only card with an alternative victory condition at the time. "Exodia the Forbidden One" is no longer mentioned in the rulebook, as its  card text  suffices to clarify its effect.
 "Exodia the Forbidden One" is one of the most iconic cards in the franchise, being well known for its automatic win condition and Yugi's use of it in the  first episode  of the anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Exodia cards 
 2   Lore 
 3   In the anime 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Trivia 
 6   See also 
 
 
 Exodia cards 
 While the primary purpose of "Exodia" is to declare an automatic win through having all five pieces of the "Forbidden One", there are other ways to use it.
 The first of these was " Exodia Necross ", which had to be Special Summoned via " Contract with Exodia " and possesses the near-invulnerability of the anime version of "Exodia" as long as the "Forbidden One" pieces remain in the  Graveyard . It gains 500 ATK during each of the player's  Standby Phases  and cannot be destroyed in battle or by  Spell  and  Trap  effects. It is automatically destroyed if any of the five "Forbidden One" pieces do not exist in the Graveyard. Due to its near-invincibility and increasing strength, it serves as either a trump card that cannot be defeated or as a backup plan if too many "Forbidden One" pieces end up in the Graveyard.
 The next such incarnation is " Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ", which provides an alternate method of winning with "Exodia". It is also the only card that supports the "Forbidden One" archetype.
 In addition, there is " Exxod, Master of The Guard " which greatly resembles "Exodia", though without an automatic win effect or any relationship or effect involving the Exodia archetype. In the same vein as "Necross" being the Zombie counterpart of "Exodia", "Exxod" resembles a completed, though still sealed, "Exodia".
 
 Lore 
 Main article:  Forbidden One § Lore 
 In the anime 
 Main article:  Forbidden One § In the anime 
 Playing style 
 Main article:  Exodia OTK 
 Trivia 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum , the player can fuse the five pieces of "Exodia" to Summon " The Legendary Exodia Incarnate ", the complete Exodia (but it will be only like a normal fusion piece), with an ability to cause massive damage on the monsters that is in range, that is known by "Obliterate". "The Legendary Exodia Incarnate" can also be unlocked in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses  in the library when you successfully summon Exodia, but it will be impossible to see him in 3D, and the only available status will be his  Type , which is  Spellcaster , and his  Attribute , which is  Dark . 
 See also 
 Exodia OTK 
 Instant Win Deck 
   
" Exodia " 「エクゾディア」 Members 
 Exodia Necross Exodia the Forbidden One Exodia, the Legendary Defender The Legendary Exodia Incarnate True Exodia 
 Contract with Exodia 
 Support 
 Obliterate!!! 
 Related 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord Exxod, Master of The Guard Left Arm of the Forbidden One Left Leg of the Forbidden One Right Arm of the Forbidden One Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/ExodiatheForbiddenOne-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120420185052']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes