Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_counterpart


 
 Dark counterpart 
 ダーク  ( Dāku ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Dark Grepher " in the artwork of " Darklight ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Dark 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Ténèbres 
 
 
 German 
 Finsterer 
 
 
 Italian 
 Oscuro 
 
 
 Korean 
 다크 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Oscuro 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Metal Raiders Phantom Darkness Light of Destruction Crimson Crisis Stardust Overdrive The Duelist Genesis Breakers of Shadow Rising Rampage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Premium Gold Duelist Saga OTS Tournament Pack 17 Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 V Jump promotional cards Extra Pack Secret Utility Box 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Dark counterparts  are a  series  of  DARK   monsters  that is identified by an existing non-DARK counterpart and 「ダーク」 in their Japanese name. Dark counterparts also have a twisted, sinister appearance compared to their original forms, which can be especially striking if the original form was that of a benevolent monster. Almost all Dark counterparts share the same  ATK ,  DEF , and  Level  with their non-DARK counterparts.
 Dark counterparts were first released in the  OCG  and  TCG  in  Phantom Darkness , but dated back to the anime with " Paladin of Dark Dragon ". The  TCG  exclusive Dark counterpart monsters were introduced in  OCG  in the  Extra Pack .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Deck 
 4   Weaknesses 
 5   Disputed cards 
 6   Similar 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Counterpart
 
 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 
 
 Dark Armed, the Dragon of Annihilation 
 
 
 The Dark Creator 
 The Creator 
 
 
 Dark Doriado 
 Elemental Mistress Doriado 
 
 
 Dark Elf 
 Mystical Elf 
 
 
 Dark End Dragon 
 Light End Dragon 
 
 
 Dark General Freed 
 Freed the Matchless General 
 
 
 Dark Grepher 
 Warrior Dai Grepher 
 
 
 Dark Honest 
 Honest 
 
 
 Dark Horus 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 
 
 Dark Nephthys 
 Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys 
 
 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Simorgh, Bird of Divinity 
 
 
 Dark Valkyria 
 Dunames Dark Witch 
 
 
 Power Angel Valkyria 
 
 
 Dark Voltanis 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 
 
 Darklord Zerato 
 Archlord Zerato 
 
 
 Darknight Parshath 
 Airknight Parshath 
 
 
 Number 10: Dark Illumiknight 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 
 
 Paladin of Dark Dragon 
 Paladin of White Dragon 
 
 
 Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 
 
 Simorgh of Darkness 
 Simorgh, Lord of the Storm 
 
 Playing style 
 Dark counterparts have no external support but are highly playable and powerful, particularly " Dark Armed Dragon ", which supported one of the most competitive tournament Decks around (" Tele-DAD "). "Dark Armed Dragon" can also be supported by  Monarch  Spell/Trap cards, such as being searched by " Return of the Monarchs " or being revealed while in your hand to activate " Tenacity of the Monarchs ", due to having 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF.
 Dark counterparts usually have effects similar to their counterparts (with the exceptions of " Dark Grepher " and " Dark Valkyria ", whose counterparts are  Normal Monsters ), but reworked to go with the theme of manipulating DARK monsters you own or control, typically either Summoning them, sending them to the Graveyard, or banishing them (from the Graveyard) to trigger effects.
 Although they do not explicitly support Dark counterparts, several cards released in  Phantom Darkness  work very well with them. " Doomsday Horror " gains power from banished DARK monsters and can "reload" your Graveyard with the banished DARK monsters. " Escape from the Dark Dimension " can Special Summon one of the banished DARK monsters, and " Allure of Darkness " increases your draw power while banishing another DARK monster. " Veil of Darkness " can also vastly increase a DARK-user's draw power while flooding the Graveyard with DARK monsters to use as a resource.
 
 Deck 
 The deck itself has no natural play style on it's own, and alone the Dark Counterparts cannot make a functioning deck. However many players from Phantom Darkness until now have found decks or strategies to support these cards. Or sometimes it is better to say that the Dark Counterparts help those decks instead.
 " Destiny HERO " was a fantastic choice for the deck, as cards like " Destiny HERO - Malicious ", " Destiny HERO - Plasma " and " Destiny HERO - Disk Commander " would have great effects for DARK monsters, and could easy be sent to the Graveyard with " Destiny Draw " and then Destiny HEROs like "Malicious" or " Destiny HERO - Fear Monger " could manipulate the Graveyard for cards like " Dark Armed Dragon ", " The Dark Creator ", and " Darklord Zerato ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch 
 Darklord Zerato 
 Darknight Parshath 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher 
 Darkest Diabolos, Lord of the Lair 
 Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma 
 Doomsday Horror 
 Elemental HERO Shadow Mist 
 Necroface 
 The Dark Creator 
 Vision HERO Vyon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow 
 Krebons 
 Plaguespreader Zombie Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dante, Pilgrim of the Burning Abyss  (Only if you play " Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal ") 
 Destiny HERO - Dangerous 
 Masked HERO Dark Law 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Dark End Dragon 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Void Ogre Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal 
 Dark Armed, the Dragon of Annihilation 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Proxy Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Creeping Darkness 
 Dark Eruption 
 Destiny Draw 
 Foolish Burial 
 Mask Change 
 Pot of Desires 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Traps 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Darklight 
 Crush Card Virus 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Full Force Virus 
 While this is a perfect example of playing the Dark Counterparts in a deck, this is not set in stone. Other DARK decks or decks with large DARK monster Engines can also find use for these cards. As long as they have DARK monsters can easily manipulate the Graveyard or place a lot of themselves in the Graveyard at a fairly quick pace.
 
 Weaknesses 
 As you would expect from a deck that relies on the Graveyard, cards like " Masked HERO Dark Law " and " Macro Cosmos " will extremely disrupt the deck. Also your cards send a lot of cards from the deck to the Graveyard, Add cards from your deck to your hand, and Draw Cards. So " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring " and " Thunder King Rai-Oh " will slow your deck down.
 " Dark Armed Dragon " is one of your most powerful and easy to summon monsters in your deck. However If you no longer can manipulate your Graveyard, or you have so many DARK monsters in your Graveyard you cannot possibly have only 3 left in a Late Game state. The card will no longer have use outside of a Banish outlet for " Allure of Darkness ". This will also a more frequent occurrence as long as Dark Armed Dragon remains Limited in the " TCG ".
 Most decks that use a large number of Dark Counterparts usually have to play a large amount of Monsters and Spells. At the same time either a handful or no Trap Cards. This means any play that you make that gets interrupted might leave you entirely defenseless.
 
 Disputed cards 
 " Adreus, Keeper of Armageddon " is seen as the Dark counterpart of " Tiras, Keeper of Genesis ", both cards sharing rank, ATK, DEF and having a similar name. However not having "Dark" in its name and being of a different type ("Adreus" being a  Fiend  and "Tiras" a  Fairy ) result in "Adreus" not being placed in the series.
 " Shadowpriestess of Ohm " is occasionally placed within this series, since she is a DARK monster with an effect related to other DARK monsters and bears a strong resemblance to another existing card (" Lady of Faith " and " Elemental Mistress Doriado "), as well as having been released in  Phantom Darkness  alongside many of the Dark counterparts. However they possess differences in ATK and level, and as a result, she is not a Dark counterpart.
 " Darkflare Dragon " is often considered a Dark counterpart to " Lightpulsar Dragon ", since it is a DARK monster and has "Dark" in its name. However they possess differences in ATK, DEF and level, and as a result, it is not a Dark counterpart. Also, judging from the story of  Dragons Collide  in the official site, "Darkflare Dragon" is more of a companion or comrade to "Lightpulsar Dragon", than a counterpart.
 Trap cards that may fit are " Dark Mirror Force " and " Darkfall ". For the former, the effect is somewhat reversed from  the original  and with the latter the effect is just watered down. However, the effect has nothing to do with DARK monsters.
 Archetypes composed of DARK monsters based on previous monsters, like " Malefic ", " lswarm ", " Shaddoll ", and " Twilightsworn " are not considered part of the series because they lack the main attribute that defines a card as being part of the series: having "Dark" in its name (sometimes also sharing the ATK, DEF and Level with their non-DARK counterpart). Instead those archetypes' attributes and appearance transform their members into different versions of the original card, like Corrupted versions ("Malefic" and "Twilightsworn") or infected versions ("lswarm" and "Shaddoll").
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL , the  ZEXAL  power allows the user to create " Zexal Weapon " cards, while its dark counterpart,  Dark ZEXAL  allows the user to create "Dark Zexal Weapon" cards, though only one was observed when the power was used.
 Monsters of the " Empower " archetype have the attributes of Dark counterpart monsters, such as " Aether, the Evil Empowering Dragon " and " Dragonox, the Empowered Warrior ", because they share the same stats and similar effects as  their   counterparts , however, they lack the "Dark" in their name. Due to this, they don't fit in the series.
 "Twilightsworn" monsters were introduced in  Code of the Duelist  as Dark counterparts to existing " Lightsworn ", following the corruption of "Lightsworn" monsters at the hands of " Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World ", as seen in the artwork of " Dark World Brainwashing ".
 
 Similar 
 The " Lightray "  Series  can be thought of as the inverse of Dark Counterparts, as they represent  LIGHT  versions of existing monsters that exhibit synergy. " Warrior Dai Grepher " has both a  DARK  counterpart and a " Lightray " counterpart.
 
   
 Dark counterpart  ダーク Members 
 Dark Armed Dragon The Dark Creator Dark Doriado Dark Elf Dark End Dragon Dark General Freed Dark Grepher Dark Honest Dark Horus Dark Nephthys Dark Simorgh Dark Valkyria Dark Voltanis Darklord Zerato Darknight Parshath Paladin of Dark Dragon Rainbow Dark Dragon Simorgh of Darkness 
 Related 
 Airknight Parshath Archlord Zerato Armed Dragon LV7 The Creator Dark Armed, the Dragon of Annihilation Dunames Dark Witch Elemental Mistress Doriado Freed the Matchless General Honest Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 Light End Dragon Mystical Elf Paladin of White Dragon Rainbow Dragon Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys Simorgh, Bird of Divinity Simorgh, Lord of the Storm Voltanis the Adjudicator Warrior Dai Grepher 
 
 v e 
 Dark counterpart  ダーク a   Members 
 Dark Armed Dragon Knight of Dark Dragon Number 10: Dark Illumiknight Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 Related 
 Armed Dragon LV7 Number 10: Illumiknight Paladin of White Dragon Rainbow Dragon 
 
 v e 
 Dark counterpart  ダーク m   
 v e 
 Counterpart  cards 
 Aged 
 Dark 
 Metal 
 Zombie 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Darklight-TF06-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111017190217']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Ritual Monster(s), Series with Synchro Monster(s), Series with Xyz Monster(s), Series with Pendulum Monster(s)