Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_002


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 002 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 幻想師 ノー・フェイスの罠 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Iryūjonisuto Nō Feisu no Wana 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Trap of Illusionist No Face 
 
 
 English 
 The Gauntlet is Thrown 
 
 
 Number 
 002 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 25, 2000 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 6, 2001 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " V O I C E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Energizing Shower 元気のシャワー" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 "Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Toshihiro Ishikawa 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hidetsugu Hirayama 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidetsugu Hirayama 
 
 
 Art director 
 Nobuto Sakamoto 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Heart of the Cards " 
 " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Gauntlet is Thrown ", known as " The Faceless Illusionist Trap " in Japan, is the second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  second series anime . It first aired in Japan on April 25, 2000 and in the United States on October 6, 2001.
 With his victory over  Seto Kaiba  already earning him a reputation,  Yugi  is sent a package by the creator of  Duel Monsters ,  Maximillion Pegasus . Yugi is then forced into a game of real magic as Pegasus challenges Yugi to a Duel. Pegasus sees all of Yugi's cards and strategies with his  Millennium Eye . In the end, Yugi loses the Duel and Pegasus steals the soul of Yugi's  grandfather .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   School 
 1.2   Game shop 
 1.3   The Championship final 
 1.4   The Duel 
 
 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Téa Gardner vs. Joey Wheeler 
 2.2   Rex Raptor vs. Weevil Underwood 
 2.3   Yami Yugi vs. Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 
 3   Differences from the TCG 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Mistakes 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 School 
 In class,  Joey  plays  Duel Monsters  against  Téa . He Summons " Rock Ogre Grotto #1 ", claiming it will rock her block off. However Téa flips over her  face-down  " Happy Lover ". Joey laughs that wimpy card doesn't stand a chance against his giant rock guy and urges her to give it up. Téa agrees that she doesn't stand a chance, unless she plays the " Breath of Light " card, sliding it onto the field as she does so. Startled, Joey asks  Yugi  if she can do that. Yugi replies that the "Breath of Light" card wears down  Rock - Type   monsters  and reduces them to rubble. "Rock Ogre Grotto" is hit and falls apart, stunning Joey, whose  Life Points  hit 0. Téa celebrates over defeating Joey yet again and  Tristan  tells Joey he stinks at this game. Joey moans and buries his head onto the desk.
 Afterwards outside school, Joey hangs out with Yugi and admits that Tristan is right, he does stink at the game and couldn't win a game of  Duel Monsters  to save his life. He asks Yugi for help, so Yugi decides to take a look at Joey's Deck, and finds it is made up entirely of  Monster Cards . Joey explains that he filled it with the most powerful monsters he could find, but Yugi tells him that's not how the game works;  Duel Monsters  about combining Monster Cards with  Magic Cards  to make them stronger. Without Magic Cards, his monsters will get creamed every time, Yugi says. Joey rushes over and seizes Yugi excitedly, saying that's the kind of advice he needs and Yugi has got to help him more.
 
 Game shop 
 Yugi takes Joey home to his Grandpa's game shop. His grandfather is the real game expert in the family, Yugi says, maybe he can help. (In the dub, the words " Kame Game ", which are written in katakana, are removed from the sign at the shop). Inside, Yugi's grandfather,  Solomon Muto  is on a ladder, putting up a poster, advertising an upcoming National  Duel Monsters  tournament with a 3,000,000 yen prize. In the Japanese version, the poster contains "Elf Swordsman" (" Celtic Guardian ") and " Hercules Beetle ". (In the English version, it contains " Black Luster Soldier " and " Harpie's Pet Dragon ").
 Joey's all excited about the tournament, and wants to enter it and win the money. Grandpa says if Joey thinks he's going to win that tournament, it's just an illusion. Yugi asks Joey if it's true. Joey falls to his knees and bows to Yugi, telling Yugi he really wants to win that tournament. Yugi protests that there's not even a month until the tournament, and Grandpa says he'll help. Yugi tells Joey that Grandpa's a great duelist, despite how he looks. Grandpa's not impressed with that, but says that he's a great trainer. Joey asks him for help, and Grandpa says he must start by changing his attitude. He shouldn't want to win for the prize. Grandpa will teach him about the  Heart of the Cards . They begin training and Joey screams, while Grandpa orders him to try again.
 (In the English version, the conversation between Yugi, Joey and Grandpa is rewritten. Yugi tells his Grandpa he's brought him a new student. Since Grandpa knows more about  Duel Monsters  than anyone, Joey says he was hoping that he'd teach him. Grandpa climbs down from the ladder and states that  Duel Monsters  is a very complex game. Joey agrees, say Téa beat him in three games in a row. Yugi corrects him, saying that it was five. Joey looks up at the poster and Grandpa says that he could teach Joey to be a great tournament duelist, but only if he's willing to spend endless days and sleepless nights training. "Piece of cake", Joey says and Grandpa says that with an attitude like that, teaching Joey may not be worth his effort. Joey withdraws and Yugi sarcastically compliments him. Joey drops to his knees and bows to Yugi, begging him to help convince Grandpa to teach him, promising to work hard. Yugi starts to argue that his grandpa can't do it, reversely affecting Grandpa, who decides he can do it. If he agrees, he tells Joey he must hard. Joey promises, and Grandpa says they'll begin immediately. He cracks his fingers, saying under his tuition, Joey will learn. He asks Joey if he can name the most powerful and weakest Duel Monster and if he knows what a  Trap Card  is, but Joey has no idea.)
 
 The Championship final 
 Later, Yugi and friends are all watching the Regional (National in the Japanese version) Duel Monsters Championship, where  Weevil Underwood  and  Rex Raptor  are announced as the finalists. Joey thinks he should be up there, and Téa points out that he's been training for weeks, but Weevil and Rex are in another league. Yugi adds that maybe Grandpa's lessons were too hard on Joey, who's so tired that he can't keep his eyes open.
 Grandpa suddenly enters, telling Joey that he had come a long way so far. He's carrying a package for Yugi from  Industrial Illusions , the company that makes  Duel Monsters  (it doesn't say who it's from in the Japanese version). Yugi wonders if  Maximillion Pegasus , the owner and CEO, heard about  his triumph over   Seto Kaiba . Although the match was unofficial, Kaiba dropped out of the Regionals because of it, despite being the favorite to win. (In the Japanese version, Joey also asks Yugi why he didn't enter the tournament, and Yugi decided that he'd only enter a tournament if Kaiba was there.)
 The final match of the tournament starts. Yugi says that Weevil specializes in tricky  Insect  monsters, while Rex uses powerful  Dinosaurs . Joey thinks Rex will have the match in the bag, but Yugi disagrees. Rex Summons " Two-Headed King Rex ", his most powerful Dinosaur,  while Weevil brings out " Basic Insect ". Rex orders "Two-Headed King Rex" to stomp "Basic Insect", but Weevil uses " Vortex " to stop it. He then uses " Laser Cannon " to power up "Basic Insect" and defeat "Two-Headed King Rex", winning the Duel.
 Pegasus appears to present the tournament trophy to Weevil, then invites him to compete in his upcoming  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. As he leaves in his limo, he hopes the tournament will attract lots of Duelists as well as the  Millennium Items . His underling tells him that the package he sent to Yugi was delivered.
 
 The Duel 
 Yugi has opened the package, and it contains a  Dueling Gauntlet , two  Star Chips , and a VHS tape. He places the tape in the VCR, and Pegasus appears on the TV, to everyone's surprise. He says that he has indeed heard of Yugi's recent victory over Kaiba, and it has intrigued him into challenging Yugi to a Duel immediately. They'll play for fifteen minutes, and whoever has more  Life Points  at the end will win. Yugi and his friends are confused about how Yugi can Duel against a videotape, until Pegasus uses his  Millennium Eye  to drag everyone in.
 Yugi finds himself in a dark space, with his friends and Grandpa behind him, frozen like statues. Pegasus says they're no longer in their own world, and will not return until after their Duel.  Yami Yugi  takes over and accepts the challenge, and the clock starts. Pegasus starts simply by placing a card face-down–then tells Yugi he won't win with the  Dragon  card he's holding, which shocks Yugi, as he is indeed holding the " Koumori Dragon " card. Pegasus claims to be able to know every move Yugi will make before Yugi does, and proves it by playing " Dragon Capture Jar " to steal Yugi's "Koumori Dragon".
 Pegasus tells Yugi that the place they are in is called the  Shadow Realm , and that the cards they are using are magical. He says he didn't actually create the game; it has existed since the times of Ancient Egypt, and would be known as a  Shadow Game . In Ancient Egypt, they battled by using magic to summon real monsters, but the magic was so powerful that it nearly spun out of control and destroyed the world. Yugi doesn't want to believe the monsters are real.
 Pegasus continues by playing " Dragon Piper ", which releases "Koumori Dragon" from the "Dragon Capture Jar" onto Pegasus's side of the field. Yugi responds by playing " Silver Fang ", but "Koumori Dragon" defeats it, bringing Yugi's Life Points down to 1500. (In the Japanese version, Yugi intended to power up "Silver Fang" with " Full Moon ", but Pegasus predicted that as well.)
 Pegasus goes on to say that, 5000 years ago (3000 in the Japanese version), a  powerful Pharaoh  locked the magic of the  Shadow Games  away within the  Millennium Items –including Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle . There is magic inside the Puzzle that would change Yugi's life–if he knew how to harness it. Yugi wants to know why Pegasus is telling him this, but Pegasus simply puts a card  face-down  and suggests they return to the Duel.
 (In the Japanese version, this conversation is different. Pegasus claims that Yugi cannot defeat him, and when he loses, he'll have to enter Pegasus's Duelist Kingdom tournament. The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize and the title  King of Games . Yugi says he's not interested, but Pegasus tells him that he cannot decline, as there is no way he can win.)
 Yugi prepares to play " Zombie Warrior ", until he realizes that Pegasus is able to read his mind–the  Millennium Eye  Pegasus wears is somehow allowing him to read Yugi's cards. He decides to try playing a card without looking at it, figuring that if he doesn't know what it is, neither will Pegasus. (In the Japanese version, Yugi wonders if Pegasus is trying to hypnotize him into playing "Zombie Warrior".)
 He pulls a card from his  Deck  and places it on the field. Pegasus, expecting a  Zombie -Type monster like "Zombie Warrior", placed the  Trap Card  " Sun Shower ", but Yugi reveals his card to be " Dark Magician ". It attacks and destroys "Koumori Dragon", and Yugi takes the lead. (In the Japanese version, Pegasus asks Yugi why he didn't attack "Dragon Piper"–a move which would have ended the Duel–and Yugi says that he couldn't leave "Koumori Dragon" under Pegasus's control at game end.)
 Pegasus retaliates with " Illusionist Faceless Mage " and " Eye of Illusion ", which entrances "Dark Magician". Yugi plays " Celtic Guardian ", but Pegasus takes control of "Dark Magician" and uses it to destroy "Celtic Guardian". Yugi is now down to 400 Life Points, and is running out of time. He tries to take his lead back by playing " Summoned Skull " and attacking "Illusionist Faceless Mage", but time expires before the attack hits, and Pegasus wins as per the rules of the Duel.
 Pegasus warns Yugi that their  next Duel  will be for higher stakes, and uses his Millennium Eye to capture Grandpa's soul. Yugi and his friends are returned to the game shop, but Grandpa falls unconscious. He appears on the TV screen, calling out to Yugi, and Yugi clutches the TV, calling to him as well.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Téa Gardner vs. Joey Wheeler 
 The beginning of the  Duel  is skipped.
 Joey's turn 
 Joey   Normal Summons  " Rock Ogre Grotto " (800/1200) in  Attack Position . Joey  attacks  Téa's  Set   monster . It is  flipped   face-up  and revealed to be " Happy Lover " (800/500). The attack doesn't  destroy  it for some reason.
 Téa's turn 
 Téa   activates  " Breath of Light " to destroy Joey's "Rock Ogre Grotto #1" (Joey: ? → 0  LP ).
 
 Rex Raptor vs. Weevil Underwood 
 The beginning of the Duel is skipped.
 Rex's turn 
 Rex   draws  " Two-Headed King  Rex " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/1200) in Attack Position.
 Weevil's turn 
 Weevil  Normal Summons " Basic Insect " (500/700) in Attack Position.
 Rex's turn 
Rex attacks "Basic Insect" with "Two-Headed King Rex", but Weevil activates his face-down " Vortex " to  negate  the attack and prevent "Two-Headed King Rex" from attacking as long as "Vortex" remains  face-up .
 Weevil's turn 
Weevil activates " Laser Cannon " to equip the latter to "Basic Insect" and increase its  ATK  by an unknown amount. "Basic Insect" attacks and destroys "Two-Headed King Rex" (Rex: ? → 0 LP).
 
 Yami Yugi vs. Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 This Duel uses  Duelist Kingdom  gameplay. Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 This Duel has a fifteen minute time limit. The player with higher LP at the end of the time limit will win.
 Turn 1: Pegasus 
 Pegasus  does not draw on the first turn. He Sets a card in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi  draws. He then tries to  Normal Summon  " Koumori Dragon ", but Pegasus reads his mind and counters by activating his face-down " Dragon Capture Jar ", which traps "Koumori Dragon" within it. Yugi Normal Summons " Silver Fang " (1200/800) in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He  Normal Summons  " Dragon Piper " (200/1800) in Attack Position, then activates its effect to release "Koumori Dragon" (1700/1200) from "Dragon Capture Jar" and place it onto his own side of the  field  in Attack Position. "Koumori Dragon"  attacks  and  destroys  "Silver Fang" (Yugi: 2000 → 1500 LP). Pegasus then  Sets  a card (" Sun Shower ").
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yugi's  hand  contains " Beaver Warrior ", " Horn Imp ", "Breath of Light", " Zombie Warrior ", and " Book of Secret Arts ". Yugi is about to Summon "Zombie Warrior", but stops himself from doing so. He instead draws a card and subsequently Normal Summons it in Attack Position without looking at it. Pegasus activates his face-down "Sun Shower", thinking that Yugi would Summon "Zombie Warrior". The card is revealed to be " Dark Magician " (2500/2100), who is not affected by "Sun Shower". "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Koumori Dragon" (Pegasus: 2000 → 1200 LP).
 Turn 5: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws " Illusionist Faceless Mage " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/2200) in Attack Position. He then activates " Eye of Illusion " and equips it to "Illusionist Faceless Mage". "Illusionist Faceless Mage" attacks "Dark Magician". The effect of "Eye of Illusion" then activates, negating the attack and equipping itself to "Dark Magician" without Yugi knowing that.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Celtic Guardian ". During the  Standby Phase , Pegasus gains  control  of "Dark Magician" via "Eye of Illusion" without Yugi knowing. Yugi Normal Summons "Celtic Guardian" (1400/1200) in  Attack Position . "Celtic Guardian" attacks "Illusionist Faceless Mage", but the effect of "Eye of Illusion" redirects the attack to "Dark Magician". "Dark Magician" destroys "Celtic Guardian" (Yugi: 1500 → 400 LP).
 Turn 7: Pegasus 
Pegasus Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yugi Normal Summons " Summoned Skull " (2500/1200) in Attack Position. "Summoned Skull" attacks "Illusionist Faceless Mage", but time runs out before the attack is completed. Since Pegasus had more LP than Yami Yugi when time ran out, Pegasus wins by default.
 
 Differences from the TCG 
 The Duels in this episode followed the earlier  Duel Monsters  rules, so 2000  Life Points  were used,  Tributes  were not required for  Level  5 or higher  monsters  and players could not attack each other  directly .
 Differences in individual cards included:
 
 " Infinite Dismissal " is named "Vortex". It  negates  the  attack  of 1  monster  and seems to be a  Normal Trap Card . 
 " Koumori Dragon " has 1700  ATK  instead of 1500. 
 " Dragon Capture Jar " "seals"  Dragon - Type  monsters within itself and is a  Monster Card  rather than a Trap Card. 
 " Dragon Piper " can destroy "Dragon Capture Jar" without being  flipped . 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The poster in the dub that Yugi's  Grandpa  was putting up was " Black Luster Soldier " and " Harpie's Pet Dragon ", a reference to Episode 30. In the Japanese version, it's an advertisement for an upcoming National  Duel Monsters  Tournament with a 3,000,000 yen cash prize. (The Japanese poster shows " Celtic Guardian " and " Hercules Beetle ".) 
 In the dub Pegasus tells Yugi about Egypt, the  Shadow Realm  and the  Millennium Items . In the Japanese version he was telling Yugi about the tournament. The dub shows  Magician of Black Chaos  destroying  Thousand-Eyes Restrict  as a foreshadowing to  episode 39 . 
 When Pegasus tells Yugi that the world they're in is called the Shadow Realm in the English version, a pyramid is added over the shot of Pegasus. 
 After he defeats Silver Fang, Pegasus giggles, saying the monsters are quite real, and quite dangerous. He tells "Yugi-boy" that he's quite entertaining—so defiant yet helpless, and completely ignorant of the power of his Millennium Puzzle. In the Japanese version, Pegasus says that he's glad he came to Japan, then giggles, saying in English "Joke! It's a joke!" (in the Japanese, Pegasus is an American, and often speaks heavily-accented English.) 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, after "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Koumori Dragon", Yami Yugi states that "Dark Magician" is one of the most powerful  Magic  cards in the game.  This is in error as said card is a  Monster  card. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Anthrosaurus [Notes 1] 
 Claw Reacher [Notes 1] 
 Destroyer Golem [Notes 1] 
 Kageningen [Notes 1] 
 Meotoko [Notes 1] 
 M-Warrior 1 [Notes 1] 
 M-Warrior 2 [Notes 1] 
 Rock Orge Grotto 
 Skull Stalker [Notes 1] 
 Stone Armadiller [Notes 1] 
 The Furious Sea King [Notes 1] 
 
 Téa Gardner Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Happy Lover Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Breath of Light 
 
 Rex Raptor Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Two-Headed King Rex 
 
 Weevil Underwood Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Basic Insect Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Armor with Laser Cannon 
 Traps 
 Vortex 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior [Notes 2] 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Dark Magician 
 Horn Imp [Notes 2] 
 Koumori Dragon 
 Silver Fang 
 Summoned Skull 
 Zombie Warrior [Notes 2] Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Book of Secret Arts [Notes 2] 
 Breath of Light [Notes 2] 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Illusionist Faceless Mage 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dragon Capture Jar 
 Dragon Piper Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Eye of Illusion 
 Traps 
 Sun Shower 
 
 Flashbacks (Dub) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   1.7   1.8   1.9   This card was shown when Yugi checks Joey's Deck. 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   This card was seen in Yugi's hand. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Heart of the Cards " #002 " The Gauntlet is Thrown " #003 " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " #004 " Into the Hornet's Nest " #005 " The Ultimate Great Moth " #006 " First Duel " #007 " Attack from the Deep " #008 " Everything's Relative " #009 " Duel With a Ghoul " #010 " Give up the Ghost " #011 " The Dueling Monkey " #012 " Trial by Red Eyes " #013 " Evil Spirit of the Ring " #014 " The Light at the End of the Tunnel " #015 " Winning Through Intimidation " #016 " The Scars of Defeat " #017 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 1 " #018 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 2 " #019 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 1 " #020 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 2 " #021 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 3 " #022 " Face Off, Part 1 " #023 " Face Off, Part 2 " #024 " Face Off, Part 3 " #025 " Shining Friendship " #026 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 1 " #027 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 2 " #028 " The Night Before " #029 " Duel Identity, Part 1 " #030 " Duel Identity, Part 2 " #031 " Keith's Machinations, Part 1 " #032 " Keith's Machinations, Part 2 " #033 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 1 " #034 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 2 " #035 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 1 " #036 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 2 " #037 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 3 " #038 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 4 " #039 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " #040 " Aftermath " #041 " The Wrath of Rebecca " #042 " The Ties of Friendship " #043 " Legendary Heroes, Part 1 " #044 " Legendary Heroes, Part 2 " #045 " Legendary Heroes, Part 3 " #046 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " #047 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " #048 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 " #049 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Yugioh002.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140404165322', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes