Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Revival_Zero


 
 Revival Zero
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 リバイバル・ゼロ
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Ribaibaru Zero
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Revival Zero
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 
 " Revival Zero " (リバイバル・ゼロ  Ribaibaru Zero )  or " Reversal Zero " is the name of the initiative devised by  Leo Akaba  to reuniting the  Original Dimension . [1]  It is the primary objective of the  Arc Project  and the key to resuscitating his first born daughter  Ray Akaba  by  fusing   her   dimensional   counterparts .  Yuya   and   his   counterparts  are also a factor in stopping the resurrection of their original counterpart,  Z-ARC . Within this project are two subcategories,  Z-Arc  and  Ray-A .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Goals and Consequences of Revival Zero 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Z-Arc 
 2.2   Ray-A 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Goals and Consequences of Revival Zero 
 The Revival Zero project uses an apparatus named  ARC-V  which holds all the natural energy-containing  carded forms  of people as an energy source to fuse the  Four Dimensions  together as well as to revert the dimensional counterparts back into one. [2]  According to  Celina  and Commander-in-Chief  Aster Phoenix  the original military operations were supposed to invade and subjugate the  Xyz Dimension  and the  Synchro Dimension  to seal their populaces into cards to ensure a vast quantity of natural energy to power ARC-V. [3]  It was also designed to convert the  bracelets  worn by Ray's counterparts back into  cards  used to previously defeat and sunder Z-ARC into four dimensional counterparts. [4] 
 However,  Duel Academy 's agenda was disrupted by  the Professor's  youngest son  Declan Akaba  and his organization of  Duelists  the  Lance Defence Soldiers  who refused to allow his father's ambition to be fulfilled due to suffering and harm caused by the institution's warmongering. The efforts of the  Standard Dimension  organization forced Leo to begin the process without the sufficient natural energy required which caused Ray's resuscitation to be incomplete and rendered her a disembodied spirit. [4] 
 Riley Akaba  offered herself as a new vessel for her adoptive older sister due to the rampage of the  Supreme King Dragon . The mutated draconic human had been inadvertently revived by Leo's machinations. [2] [4]  Ray consented and possessed her body. While they were running to the battlefield, Ray was asked by Riley how she dueled Z-ARC with the four cards. They then ran into  Moon Shadow  who took them to confront Z-ARC, intruding the Duel just as Declan was defeated. Ray recovered the four cards from Leo's  Graveyard  and fulfilled the conditions to activate them, which succeeded in destroying " Supreme King Z-ARC  and his  Supreme King Dragons . Z-ARC refused to give up and persisted that his Standard Dimension incarnation  Yuya Sakaki  was no more, Ray told Z-ARC that  Pendulum Summoning  was not just born from his malice and fear. She declared that Yuya still existed within him and that he was the embodiment of Z-ARC's benevolence. With Zuzu's soul momentarily coming out to reach for Yuya, he fought off Z-ARC's control and  increased  Ray and Riley's  LP , allowing them to activate the effects of the four cards again to deliver the finishing blow. To prevent Z-ARC's soul from splitting into four again, Riley took over for Ray by ejecting her soul out to seal away Z-ARC into herself instead of splitting the  Four Dimensions  as Ray had during their last confrontation. [5] 
 Following the  Lancers  and  Ray's   victory  against the  Supreme King Dragon , Ray's fate was unknown but Declan postulated that she was probably still inside the remnants of ARC-V. [6]  Leo managed to collect what appeared to be Ray's spirit, though he was doubtful that it was Ray and surmised that Ray's fragments would eventually unite and permanently revive as her  Standard Dimension  incarnation  Zuzu Boyle . [7]  During Yuya's Duel against Declan, Ray began to react and she revived when Yuya was victorious. She then traveled the Four Dimensions and brought the citizens from each parallel world to the stadium to witness her revival as Zuzu. [8] 
 
 Members 
 Z-Arc 
 
 
 Members
 
 Designation
 
 Dimension
 
 
 Yuri 
 
 001
 
 Fusion 
 
 Ray-A 
 
 
 Members
 
 Designation
 
 Dimension
 
 
 Celina 
 
 001
 
 Fusion 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Yuri_and_Celina_Revival_Zero.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20160807160820']
Categories: Events