Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Memory_World

      The World of Memories, including its entrance in the sky from  Yami Yugi 's  soul room     
 The  World of Memories  is a reality in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  and  anime . It was a world existing within the  Millennium Puzzle , which reconstructed the moments in the lives of  Pharaoh Atem  and  Zorc Necrophades , before their souls were sealed within the Millennium Puzzle. [1] 
 The world was used as the setting for the  Shadow RPG . [2] 
 
 Nature 
 The World of Memories exists inside the Millennium Puzzle. It can be accessed through Yami Yugi's  soul room  via a particular door.
 The world is built from the memories of Atem and Zorc. Atem could exist in the world up until the point where his memories ended.
 People could exist in the world for different reasons:
 
 Individuals existing within the world would behave as they did in the original course of events, unless influenced by people from the real world. 
 Individuals from the real world could be transported here to relive their past, but were capable of doing things differently. 
 Individuals who had not originally existed in these moments of Atem and Zorc's lives could also have their consciousness transported to the World of Memories. However they would be invisible to the world's indigenous people and were capable of performing superhuman feats such as flight,  intangibility , limited matter creation, [3]  and the ability to summon monsters using  Duel Monsters  cards. [4]  Some of these powers could be restricted when the will of Atem was strong enough. [5] 
 Bakura Ryou  constructed a tabletop diorama of the ancient Egyptian city where the world is set. Yami Bakura and Yami Yugi used this as their game board when they played the Shadow RPG. Events conducted at the table could directly affect the World of Memories.
 
 Events 
 When  Yami Yugi  completed all his tasks and presented the  Egyptian Gods  to the  Tablet of Lost Memories , his soul got transported to a table playing the  Dark RPG  against  Yami Bakura , while simultaneously entering the World of Memories and the body of  his past self , and relived through the events that happened 3,000 years ago. In the anime, Yami Bakura also entered the Memory World, and entered the body of  his past self  to regain his memories as the Thief King and fight against Pharaoh Atem, while concurrently playing the Dark RPG with Yami Yugi.
 Yugi , his friends, and  Shadi  ( Bobasa in  the manga) entered the Puzzle in an attempt to find the "true door" and enter the World of Memories. In the manga, a fragment of  Dark Bakura's  soul spied on Yugi and his friends. Yugi eventually entered the World of Memories, and in the manga, Dark Bakura secretly followed them inside. In the anime, they found Bakura's shadow behind a door, who turned into Zorc and tried to kill them briefly.
 Bakura's goal was to return Zorc Necrophades from the Millennium Puzzle, and Yami Yugi's goal was to defeat Bakura, keep his friends safe, and regain his memories. Bakura was eventually successful in Zorc's resurrection; however, with the help of his present-day friends, Yami relearned his true name, Atem, and, rather than sealing Zorc and himself within the Puzzle, he destroyed Zorc, destroying Yami Bakura as well (in the dub, Zorc and Yami Bakura were sent to the Shadow Realm for good). Since it reached the point where his memories had ended, Yami had to leave the World of Memories. However, this time he relinquished his power over the land to his cousin,  Seto , and did not shatter the  Millennium Pendant .
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 42: " The Ultimate Shadow RPG! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 41: " The Pawns of Memory! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 29: " Shadows Fall!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 54: " The Stone Slabs of the Modern World! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 19: " Bakura Lives! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/World_of_Memories_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20151114001612']
Categories: Worlds