Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Chief_inspector


 
 Chief inspector 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Chief inspector 
 
 
 Other names  
 Detective 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 警 部 警部 けいぶ Rōmaji: ( Keibu ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Detective 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 2: " The Evil Gamer - The Trap of Hell " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hideyuki Umezu  ( ep.  2) Hiroshi Ito  (ep. 14) 
 
 
 
 The  chief inspector  ( 警 部   keibu ), initially credited as  detective  ( 刑 事   keiji ), is an unnamed character appearing in the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . He is the anime's incarnation of the  chief , from the manga.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Escaped convict 
 1.2   Bomber 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Escaped convict 
 The detective went to  Burger World , where he had tracked an escaped convict. He alerts the staff,  Anzu Mazaki ,  Miho Nosaka ,  Hiroto Honda  and another, who unbeknownst to him is the convict in disguise.  Yugi Mutou  and  Katsuya Jonouchi  also listened in on the conversation. He showed them a picture of  Tetsuo Sasaki , thinking that he is the convict, but also points out that the convict is a master of disguise and it is rare to see him out of disguise. [1] 
 
       The detective up against both convicts.     
 The detective told the staff, Yugi and Jonouchi that after stealing the jewels, the convict struggled with a guard, so he may have a mark on his right calf. Anzu deliberately spilled over a basket of toy cars, so they could search customers' legs for the scar, while picking up the cars. After  one customer  made a fuss over this, the detective was forced to alert the customers of the convict. [1] 
 None of the customers were willing to co-operate, so the detective told the gang that the culprit has an allergic reaction to eggs. Anzu lied about the burger buns containing egg out loud, causing Tetsuo Sasaki to panic and expose himself. [1] 
 The detective tried to subdue Sasaki before he could escape, but in his struggle Sasaki knocks over one of the staff, revealing him to be the true convict,  Jiro the Jorogumo . [1] 
 Jiro took out a gun, preventing the detective from arresting either man, until  Dark Yugi  defeated Jiro in  a Shadow Game . [1] 
 
 Bomber 
 The chief inspector went to Domino Department Store when the  Continuous Bomber  threatened to detonate a bomb. He was put on a call with the bomber, who wanted to play a game. The inspector tried persuading him to stop messing around, but the bomber said he would set off a bomb if the inspector did not play. He asked the inspector to guess "small" if he thought the bomb was in the first six floors or "big" if he thought it was in the top six. He incorrectly guessed small, resulting in a bomb on the ninth floor going off. [2] 
 The chief inspector was sent to  Domino Park  after another bomb scare. The Continuous Bomber phoned him to say that the bomb was in the Ferris wheel and invited him to play a game involving balloons to find save the hostages in the carriages. The chief inspector received help from Dark Yugi. After playing the game, Dark Yugi inflicted a  Penalty Game  on the bomber, making him go berserk and fall out of his carriage allowing him to be arrested. [2] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 2: " The Evil Gamer - The Trap of Hell " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 14: " In a Bomb Game - The Worst Date " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Detective_anime.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20091102143529', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/Yugi02.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090926211459']
Categories: Characters, Unnamed characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters