Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Dipper_O%27rion.png

For other versions of this character, see  Dipper O'rion (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 
 Japanese   
 志 島   北 斗 志島 北斗 しじま ほくと Rōmaji: ( Shijima Hokuto ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 천두성 KRR: Cheon Duseong Translated:  Chun Duseong 
 
 
 French   
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 
 German   
 Schnuppe 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Top 32 [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Constellar 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Hassan Hamdan 
 
 
 German  
 Dirk Stollberg 
 
 
 
 Dipper O'rion , known as  Hokuto Shijima  ( 志 島   北 斗   Shijima Hokuto ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime and is the representative for the  Leo Institute of Dueling 's  Xyz Summon  course.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Dipper.     
 Dipper is slim and tall with purple hair that has a gold pin in the shape of the Big Dipper asterism, and blue eyes. He wears a zip-up blue and purple jacket over a white long-sleeved shirt, with white pants, olive-colored shoes, and a loose blue belt. His LID badge is pinned on the right side of his jacket. He also has a frame with a star underneath his hairline.
 
 Personality 
 Dipper has a callous, almost cruel manner of Action Dueling, apparently not concerned with the safety of his opponent. During his duel against Yuya, Dipper repeatedly timed his actions in a way that could have potentially caused considerable harm to Yuya, such as when he chose to return " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " to Yuya's hand, Yuya almost fell off of a roof.  [2]  He also likes to play on his knowledge of the Action Card drops of " Cosmic Sanctuary " to cut his opponents off.
 Dipper also seems to have a bit of a superiority complex. Taking a mere 500 damage from Yuya's card effect was enough to send him into a rage. His pride is also shown to be quite fragile, as seen when  Julia Krystal  pointed out how he lost, was enough to send him sulking into a corner. [3]  He was also incensed at  Shay 's use of  Xyz Monsters  to commit attacks against LDS and vowed to prove that LDS's Xyz was the strongest.
 After his Duel with Yuya, Dipper has shown less arrogance and doesn't boast as much as he did prior to a Duel.
 
 Etymology 
 "Hokuto" is the Japanese name of the  Big Dipper  and an alternate name for the  North Star . His English dub name, "Dipper", is derived directly from the Big Dipper itself, while his surname is a corruption of  Orion . This is noted in the anime: Dipper himself also said that " Cosmic Sanctuary " was the best-suitable Action Field for him. He also plays a " Constellar " Deck, whose monsters are based on constellations.
 
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Dipper was enlisted by  Henrietta  along with his fellow course representatives  Julia Krystal  and  Kit Blade  to Duel members of  You Show Duel School  in retaliation for the supposed attack by  Yuya Sakaki  on  Sylvio . Dipper Dueled first against Yuya himself, who was reported to have used an  Xyz Monster  against Silvio. They Dueled, by sheer coincidence, on Dipper's favored Action Field, " Cosmic Sanctuary ." Dipper brought out " Constellar Pleiades " on his first turn, and waited to see if Yuya would also  Xyz Summon . Claiming innocence, Yuya instead  Pendulum Summoned , though Dipper countered with the effect of "Pleiades", returning " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " to Yuya's hand. Dipper used his superior knowledge of the Field to restrict Yuya's attempts to get  Action Cards , even going as far as to time his attacks to put Yuya in deliberate danger. After "Pleiades" ran out of  Overlay Units , Dipper brought out another, and he also used the first one as an Overlay Unit to Summon " Constellar Ptolemy M7 ," again timing his attacks to prevent Yuya from getting an Action Card, but this time he failed and Yuya was able to survive the attack and inflict damage to Dipper for the first time in 40 Duels. Enraged, Dipper used " Constellar Tempest " to endanger Yuya even more, reducing him to 200  Life Points . On his next turn, however, Yuya rearranged his  Pendulum Scales  and used " Stargazer Magician " to counter the bouncing effect of "Pleiades", then used " Magical Star Illusion " to boost the  ATK  of all players' monsters by the combined  Levels  they controlled. As Dipper only controlled Xyz Monsters, with  Ranks , he received no attack boost and Yuya's monsters swiftly defeated him. [2]  Henrietta chastised him for his defeat afterward, and when Yaiba was up to Duel, he called both Julia and Dipper weaklings, much to Dipper's indignation. Julia pointed out that Dipper could hardly talk since he'd lost, prompting Dipper to sulk in the corner. [3]  During the Duel, he complimented Kit's " X-Sabers ," and Julia noted the rarity of Dipper complimenting someone else's Deck, wondering if his loss had made him that weak. Dipper promptly retreated to the corner again in shame. [4]  During Yuya's Duel with  Declan , Dipper insulted Yuya's father,  Yusho Sakaki , resulting in a swift rebuke from Declan that silenced him. [5] 
 After the attack on  Professor Marco , Dipper went to visit the crime scene with Julia and Kit. They were reassured by LID ace  Herc  that things were under control, but Julia wasn't convinced and left after Dipper and Kit expressed admiration of the top team. [6]  Julia continued to search, and Dipper observed that some members of the LID top team had disappeared, and Kit commented that they might be next. They were interrupted by  Gong , Kit's opponent, who initially intimidated them before humbly asking to learn how to  Synchro Summon . Julia later contacted Dipper, having found the culprit of the attacks, but they were slowed down when Dipper ran into Yuya, who joined them upon hearing what they'd found. By the time they got to the harbor, the culprit had vanished. [7]  Dipper and his friends later used themselves as bait, and the culprit,  Shay , approached Julia, who called Kit and Dipper. The three of them Dueled Shay in a  Battle Royale , with Dipper taking the third turn. Vowing to defend the honor of Xyz Summoning, he used "Pleiades" and "Ptolemy M7" to return two of Shay's " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " to his hand, and then the third in Kit's turn. Kit the proceeded to remove Shay's Set cards and his hand, apparently leaving him open, but Shay was able to use the " Raidraptor - Readiness "  Trap Card  in his  Graveyard  to hang on with 10 Life Points. Dipper was the most mocking of Shay's chances, not understanding what Shay's cryptic words were about, but Shay proceeded to use " Dimension Xyz " to bring out his " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ," using its effect to gain the total ATK of all  Special Summoned  monsters on the field, and attack them all, wiping the three of them out. [8]  Dipper's memory was later erased and rewritten by LID to believe that Shay was one of his allies. [9] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Dipper won his first-round Duel in the Arc League Championship with flying colors, effortlessly Xyz Summoning both "Pleiades" and "Ptolemy M7" back to back against his opponent. [10]  However, this was noticed by  Celina  and  Barrett , and the former attacked him and sealed him into a  card , resulting in his subsequent loss by default to  Reed Pepper  in the second round. [1] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Dipper was freed from his  card , but had lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . He was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Julia  and  Kit . [11]  He was later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Julia and Kit [12]  and applauded when Yuya won. He then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [13]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [14] 
 
 Deck 
 Dipper plays a  " Constellar " Deck , focused on quickly  Xyz Summoning  " Constellar Pleiades " and " Constellar Ptolemy M7 ", which can use their  effects  to clear the  field  for an  attack .
 
 
 Constellar Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Algiedi 
 Constellar Kaus 
 Constellar Pollux 
 Constellar Siat 
 Constellar Sombre 
 Constellar Virgo [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades  x2 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Constellar Star Cradle [Notes 1] 
 Constellar Tempest 
 Constellar Twinkle 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 9 
 Lose
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 24 
 Lose (with  Julia Krystal  and  Kit Blade )
 
 
 Maiami Championship  Duelist 
 38 
 Win
 
 
 Celina 
 40 
 Lose
 
 
 Reed Pepper 
 40 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 40: " Stealth Warriors " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 9 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima)  pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Dipper_O%27rion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140608142703', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/FullDipperOrion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20140601091700']
Categories: Characters, Dipper O'rion pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters