Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_043


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 043 
 
 
 
 
 Dennis McField  presents his show. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 華 麗 なる 留 学 生  「デニス」 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kareinaru Ryūgakusei "Denisu" 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Marvelous Exchange Student "Dennis" 
 
 
 English 
 Fire And Ice 
 
 
 Number 
 043 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 15, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 10, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 21, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 1, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Momoko Makiuchi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Battle Fields " 
 " Danger Zones " 
 
 
 
 
 " Fire And Ice ", known as " The Marvelous Exchange Student "Dennis" " in the Japanese version, is the forty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 15, 2015 and in Australia on January 10, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on November 12, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 Yuya  is engaged in a tough battle against the two  Bandit Warrior Academy  students  Taka  and  Nagi . During the Duel, the  LID  Exchange Student,  Dennis , suddenly enters the Duel! With his marvelous tactics, he attacks Taka and Nagi, helping Yuya at the same time. On the other hand, Yuya recalls his Duel against  Iggy Arlo , and hesitates to attack. Will Yuya be able to retrieve his "very own way of Dueling", and obtain victory?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Dennis McField and Yuya Sakaki vs. Nagi and Taka 
 2.2   Gong Strong and Zuzu Boyle vs. Halil and Olga 
 2.3   Shay Obsidian vs. Ashley, Bram and Carl 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 As Yuya is about to be finished off by Nagi and Taka of the Bandit Warrior Academy, suddenly a monster comes out of nowhere to block the effect that would have finished Yuya off. An orange-haired boy looks over the three competitors and asks Yuya if he can join the battle. But when he says that, he is zapped and loses 2000 Life Points for intruding a duel in progress. He slides down the rock cliff head first. Yuya sweatdrops.
 At the stadium,  Nico Smiley  introduces the intruder as  Dennis McField , an exchange student from  Leo Institute 's Broadway campus. Nico also mentions the duel intrusion penalty.  Frederick  wonders why, and  Tate  also wonders why  Zuzu  wasn't penalized earlier. Nico explains that Zuzu was already in a 1 vs 1 duel with  Halil . But Dennis wasn't dueling anyone when he joined the 1 vs 2 duel that Yuya was in. Back at where Dennis intruded, he laughs embarrassingly for the intrusion and straightens himself. Yuya wonders why the effect didn't work, and Dennis explains that it was due to the effect of his " Performage Damage Juggler " that he discarded from his hand. Dennis also explains that the effect also negates the effect of the monster that activated, that being  Taka 's " Fujin the Breakstorm Star ". Taka grits his teeth at the statement, and Yuya comes to realize that Dennis had saved him from losing the duel. Dennis, suddenly with an elongated nose, admits he's flattered but doesn't need Yuya's thanks. Their opponents, however, curse Dennis for his interference, at which Dennis responds with a sigh. Back at the stadium, Nico announces that Dennis has joined the duel as Yuya's tag partner. 
 Meanwhile, the newly-formed tag duel at the blizzard area resumes, with Olga beginning her turn. She begins the tuning process with her two monsters on the field, chanting:  "Underestimate this beast at your peril, for it stabs with an iceberg horn!  Synchro Summon ! Level 7  Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal ! ((Dub) "Do not underestimate this beast, for its ferociousness will freeze you with fear! I Synchro Summon!  Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal !")"   Olga takes the chance to aim at Zuzu with a direct attack from her new  Synchro Monster . Zuzu reacts with the Action Spell in her hand: " Blinding Blizzard ", which would have ended Olga's  Battle Phase , but Olga's monster cuts right through the blizzard to negate the Action Spell. Just as "Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal" is about to make contact with Zuzu's neck,  Gong  reacts. He has " Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch " redirect the attack towards it. Olga gasps as her monster narrowly avoids contact with Zuzu. Gong then explains that his "Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch" can avoid being destroyed by one attack each turn. However, Olga knows that it's in Attack Position, so will not prevent Gong from taking damage. Gong's  Life Points  fall to 200 as he narrowly stops himself from sliding on the ice. Zuzu rushes to tend to him, but also asks why he took the hit for her. Gong tells her not to worry despite it being a tag duel. Zuzu remains stunned, but Nico points out to the stadium audience that only a brave man like Gong would keep his teammate in the duel. As  Allie  and  Skip  cheer for Gong, Tate is still wondering who the person is that saved Yuya. 
 Back at the volcano area, Dennis begins his turn. He urges Yuya to ignore the taunting from Nagi and Taka, who know that Yuya's down to 200 Life Points, and will lose to the next "Flame Ball" Action Card they find. Thus, they leap off in search for Action Cards. Dennis says  "Oh! Wonderful!"  in English as Yuya gives chase. Dennis catches up and asks Yuya to confirm his name, which he does. Dennis thus introduces himself to Yuya. Dennis comments on Yuya's first round victory only to be reminded that he's in the middle of a duel. Just then, Taka finds and plays the Action Card that he aims at Yuya. While Yuya finds an Action Card of his own, Dennis summons " Performage Flame Eater " from his hand in order to negate the damage aimed at Yuya. While Taka reacts with shock, Nagi then sees an Action Card within his reach. Meanwhile, Dennis tries to comment on Yuya's second round tie, and at that moment, the "Flame Ball" that Nagi activated is heading towards Yuya. Dennis summons another "Performage Flame Eater" from his hand to protect Yuya once again. Dennis tells his opponents not to interfere with his chat with Yuya. He then realizes that he is able to stack his two monsters together, and Yuya gasps at what this means. Dennis builds the Overlay Network, and chants: " The show must go on!  (in English)  Artisan of the air, swing across the stage with grace!  Xyz Summon ! Appear now! Rank 4  Performage Trapeze Magician ! ((Dub) "Direct your gaze to the skies above, as I present to you a swinging star performer! I Xyz Summon!  Performage Trapeze Magician !")"
 Dennis then leaps to grab hold of the left hand of his new  Xyz Monster , and Yuya gasps as the movement reminds him of  his own father . As his monster continues to whizz around the air, Dennis eventually leaps back onto the ground next to Yuya. Dennis asks Yuya to watch closely, as "Performage Trapeze Magician" appears to spin itself into the lava, creating an explosion of glitter. The stadium audience and Nico are marvelling at the performance of Dennis' monster, with even Skip noting how similar it is to Yusho's performances, and Yoko comparing it to  Reed Pepper . Dennis then explains "Performage Trapeze Magician's" effect damage-negating ability, telling his opponents that any more "Flame Ball" Action Cards they use will fizzle out. With that, Dennis ends his turn, and Yuya has to ask why. Dennis says he prefers Yuya to have the final say. 
 At the forest area, the intruding  Celina  has been watching the duels unfold, and turns to leave just as Nico shifts the audience's attention to the ravaged area where  Shay  is facing down three opponents at once.  At the Leo Institute control room where progress of the duels is also being monitored,  Claude  tells  Declan  that he hasn't heard anything back from Celina. However, Declan is sure that Celina is somewhere in  Paradise City . Meanwhile, Shay has his " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " use "Ravaging Rebellion" to obliterate all three of his opponents at once, just like it did last time. Shay concludes that his opponents are nowhere near the required standard for Lancer membership, and walks off.
 At the blizzard area, Gong draws and plays the card he drew: " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves ". He then discards a monster to Special Summon " Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter ". With that, he begins to tune all three monsters he controls, chanting:  "Raise your war cry. Divine ogre! Show yourself. On this battlefield of raging ice and storm! Synchro Summon! Now depart for the front! Level 6!  Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji ! (Dub: "Do the Monster Math! Tuning these 3 monsters will create a monster to settle this score! I Synchro Summon Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji!") " Thanks to a lack of Spells and Traps in Gong's Graveyard, the monster Gong summons immediately blows away his opponents' Spells and Traps that were on the field. Olga and  Halil  both gasp as their face-downs, and in Halil's case,  Pendulum Scales  and face-up " Absorbing Lamp ", leave the field. Halil reluctantly follows "Absorbing Lamp's" procedure to return Zuzu's " Pendulumstatue White Flower " to her hand. While Zuzu rejoices, Halil then has to reduce his " Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp " back to its original ATK. Gong then begins battle, using his monster's ability to attack while in  Defense Position  and apply its DEF for damage calculation. Thus, it attacks and destroys Halil's monster, dropping Halil's Life Points to 3900.
 Zuzu is pleased with Gong's reversal strategy, but Halil thinks otherwise. His monster being destroyed by battle allows Halil to tribute his "Purple Lamp" to destroy the monster that destroyed it, and inflict 600 damage. Gong is thrown back with no Life Points to spare. Zuzu hurries over to tend to Gong, but Olga interrupts, saying that her "Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal" can inflict the same amount of damage as an effect that inflicts damage that just occurred. Zuzu is hit with shards and falls to a precarious 200 Life Points, and the  You Show  Youths at the stadium cry out for her. Gong, despite having lost, relays a few words of encouragement to Zuzu, who now has to face both opponents by herself. Gong reminds her that he got her a  Pendulum Card , and Zuzu eventually understands what he means. Halil interrupts, reminding her of her remaining Life Points and how he'll end the duel on his turn. But, it's Zuzu's turn next so she draws. She looks at the card she drew momentarily, then completes the Pendulum Scale setup with the card she got back. Using the standard chant, she  Pendulum Summons  " Soprano the Melodious Songstress " and " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ". Using the former monster's ability to enable  Fusion Summons  without " Polymerization ", she chants:  "Angel's song! Supreme genius! With the guidance of the baton, gather your power! Fusion Summon! Now come here to the stage! Sing the song of victory!  Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir ! ((Dub) "Together, you'll sing a sensational duet that will form an even more Melodious monster! I Fusion Summon  Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir !") "
 Zuzu goes into battle, and orders her new Fusion Monster to attack Olga's monster. Despite the mismatch in ATK values, Zuzu mentions that the monster it is battling was itself Special Summoned. Thus, Olga takes the battle damage from this battle instead, and her monster is destroyed by the effect of "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir". Olga points out that she'll still have Life Points left from that battle. Thus, Zuzu activates " Pianissimo " to drop her own monster's ATK to 100. Olga gasps at what this means for her Life Points, but it's too late. "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" blows away Olga's monster and sends her crashing out of the duel. Halil looks on and says he's learning a lot, but points out that Zuzu has no more monsters that she can attack with. Zuzu responds by activating " De-Fusion ", bringing back "Soprano the Melodious Songstress" and "Mozarta the Melodious Maestra" for a double-assault on the exposed Halil and his remaining 3900 Life Points. 
 As Halil drops to the ground, Nico announces the winner, and her prize being all four wagered Pendulum Monsters. The You Show Youths and Zuzu's own father rejoice. Meanwhile, in the volcano area, Dennis asks Yuya to begin his turn and entertain him. Yuya does so with a smile; after drawing, he sets the Pendulum Scales with "Pendulumstatue Red Fiend" and " Pendulumstatue Red Fairy ". Using the standard chant, he Pendulum Summons " Performapal Silver Claw " and " Performapal Whip Snake ". Suddenly, Yuya clutches his chest while his eyes glow red. Dennis calls out to Yuya, encouraging him to relax. He is aware of what happened when Yuya dueled  Iggy Arlo , and reassures him that he and his Xyz Monster has his full support. Remembering  Yuto 's parting words, Yuya thanks Dennis once more. Yuya has his two monsters stack together to create the Overlay Network, and Xyz Summons " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". 
 Nagi and Taka recognize the dragon as the one that took Iggy down, and remark that Yuya is one step closer to darkness. However, Yuya instead smiles and says, "The fun has just begun" ("I'm about to bring the entertainment!" in the dub). Dennis follows up with "It's showtime! Everybody enjoy!" in English ("On with the show!" in the dub), as his "Performage Trapeze Magician" lifts him into the air. He then lets go of it, and it catches him again. Dennis declares his monster's other effect, in which he  detaches  an Overlay Unit to allow a monster a second attack during the turn: He targets Yuya's dragon. Yuya responds by climbing on his dragon and activating its effect. By detaching an Overlay Unit, it halves the ATK of Taka's "Fujin the Breakstorm Star" and powers itself up by the amount of ATK it took from its target. Yuya has "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" detach the other Overlay Unit to apply the same treatment to Nagi's " Raijin the Breakbolt Star ". With Yuya's dragon at 5500 ATK and having the ability to attack twice while Taka and Nagi's monsters are both on 1500 ATK each, Yuya thanks the still-swinging Dennis and goes into battle, his dragon destroying both monsters and bringing Taka and Nagi down with them. 
 As "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" lands, Yuya looks over his fallen opponents with a smile this time. Dennis hurries over to join Yuya, congratulating him. Yuya admits he did entertain, but Dennis says there was no crowd to watch it. The crowd, however, are miles away at a stadium having watched the duel unfold, and cheer wildly. Nico holds up a paper fan as he says "This is what  dueltaining 's all about". At the same time, the  You Show  Youths cheer for Yuya's assisted victory. Skip reminds Yoko that both their children won. Yoko says that Dennis won as well, and now cheers on for Reed who's also a last-16 contender at the tournament. Tate laughs with embarrassment.
 Reed is wandering the forest area having not found his opponent yet. He spots a stray face-up card beside a stream, and picks it up, only to be pulled by an invisible reel. A challenger appears, jumping off a tree branch to face Reed, having lured him out. Reed is disgusted at the hospitality shown to him, but the challenger says Reed is to blame for falling into his trap. He then appears to recognize Reed as the famous chef. After Reed confirms his identity, the challenger asks him for a discussion instead. 
 At the blizzard area, Zuzu offers Gong two of the Pendulum Cards she retrieved from her opponents. Gong refuses, saying Zuzu was the one who won, and he lost. Having been reminded that it was a tag duel that she won, Gong accepts taking back the card he wagered, then encourages her to keep going. Zuzu voices her encouragement as well. 
 At the volcano area, Yuya thanks Dennis again, and Dennis acknowledges, saying that he always wanted to meet "Yusho Sakaki, Jr." Yuya is surprised that Dennis knows his dad, and Dennis responds with his admiration for him. Yuya says that teaming up with him felt like a reunion with his father, and Dennis feels the same way as well. They both encourage each other to do their best in the tournament, and shake hands. 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Dennis McField and Yuya Sakaki vs. Nagi and Taka 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Nagi 
In  response  to the  effect  of  Taka 's " Fujin the Breakstorm Star ",  Dennis  has  activated  the  effect  of the " Performage Damage Juggler " in his  hand , letting him  discard  it  negate  the effect of "Fujin", thus saving  Yuya . Because he wasn't part of the  Duel  and interfered, Dennis receives a penalty of 2000  LP  (Dennis: 4000 → 2000 LP).
 Turn 4: Dennis 
Taka finds and activates the  Action Card  " Flame Ball ", which would inflict 200  damage  to Yuya. Yuya also finds an Action Card and attempts to activate it. As an effect that would inflict effect damage was activated, Dennis activates the effect of the " Performage Flame Eater " in his hand,  Special Summoning  it (1200/1600) in  Attack Position  to reduce damage to 0.  Nagi  finds and activates another "Flame Ball". Yuya attempts to activate his Action Card, but Dennis interrupts him again by Special Summoning another copy of "Flame Eater" (1200/1600) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect, thus preventing the effect damage. He then  overlays  his two  Level  4  monsters  to  Xyz Summon  " Performage Trapeze Magician " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Its effect reduces any effect damage lower than or equal to its  ATK  to 0.
 Turn 5: Yuya 
Yuya activates " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend " (   1) and " Pendulumstatue Red Fairy " (   7) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Silver Claw " (1800/1700) and " Performapal Whip Snake " (1700/900) from his hand in Attack Position. He then overlays his two Level 4 monsters to Xyz Summon " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " (2500/200) in Attack Position. Dennis activates the other effect of "Trapeze Magician",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to allow a monster to  attack  twice during each  Battle Phase  this turn. Dennis  selects  "Dark Rebellion". Yuya activates the effect of "Dark Rebellion", detaching an Overlay Unit to halve the ATK of a Level 5 or higher monster his opponent controls and add that amount to its own ATK. He selects "Fujin" as the first target ("Fujin": 3000 → 1500, "Dark Rebellion": 2500 → 4000). Yuya activates the effect again, this time targeting "Raijin" ("Raijin": 3000 → 1500, "Dark Rebellion": 4000 → 5500). "Dark Rebellion" attacks and  destroys  "Fujin" and "Raijin" (Taka: 4000 → 0 LP, Nagi: 4000 → 0 LP).
 
 Gong Strong and Zuzu Boyle vs. Halil and Olga 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Olga's turn 
 Olga   tunes  the  Level  4 " Glacial Beast Blizzard Wolf " with the Level 3  Tuner monster  " Glacial Beast Polar Penguin " to  Synchro Summon  the Level 7 " Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal " (2700/???) in  Attack Position . "Iceberg Narwhal"  attacks   Zuzu   directly , but Zuzu  activates  the  Action Card  " Blinding Blizzard " to end the  Battle Phase . As her opponent activated a  Spell  or  Trap Card  while "Narwhal" is  battling , Olga activates its effect,  negating  and  destroying  it.  Gong  activates the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch ", making it the  attack target . The attack continues and the effect "Blowtorch" prevents its  destruction by battle  once per  turn  (Gong: 2400 → 200 LP).
 Gong's turn 
Gong  Normal Summons  " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves " (100/1000). He activates the effect of the " Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter " in his hand as he has no Spell/Trap Cards in his Graveyard,  sending  a " Superheavy Samurai " monster from his hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon "Trumpeter". He sends " Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji " and Special Summons "Trumpter" (300/600). Gong tunes the Level 3 "Gigagloves" and Level 1 "Torch" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Trumpeter" to Synchro Summon the Level 6 " Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji " (500/2500) in  Defense Position . Since it was Synchro Summoned while there were no Spell/Trap Cards in Gong's Graveyard, he activates its effect, destroying all Spell/Trap Cards Olga and  Halil  control. The effect of " Absorbing Lamp " activates because it  left the field , meaning that " Pendulumstatue White Flower "  returns  to Zuzu's hand. Since " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend " left the field, its effect that increased the  ATK  of " Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp " expires ("2700 → 2400). Due to the effect of "Shutendoji", it can attack while in Defense Position, using its  DEF  for  damage calculation . "Shutendoji" attacks and destroys "Fire Jinn" (Halil: 4000 → 3900 LP). Since it was destroyed by battle, Halil activates the effect of "Fire Jinn"  Tributing  a " Lamp " monster to destroy the monster that destroyed "Fire Jinn" and inflict 600 damage. He Tributes " Purple Lamp " to destroy "Shutendoji" (Gong: 200 → 0 LP). As effect damage was inflicted, Olga activates the effect of "Iceberg Narwhal", inflicting the same amount of damage to Zuzu (Zuzu: 800 → 200 LP).
 Zuzu's turn 
Zuzu  draws  " Pianissimo ". Zuzu activates "White Flower" (   9) in her left Pendulum Zone. Zuzu  Pendulum Summons  " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra " (2600/2000) and " Soprano the Melodious Songstress " (1400/1400) from her hand in Attack Position. She then activates the effect of "Soprano", allowing her to  Fusion Summon  a  Fusion Monster  using "Soprano" and other monsters she controls and from her hand as  Fusion Material Monsters . She  fuses  "Mozarta" and "Soprano" to Fusion Summon " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir " (1000/2000) in Attack Position. "Bloom Diva" attacks "Iceberg Narwhal". Zuzu activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  "Pianissimo", which reduces the ATK of "Bloom Diva" to 100 ("Bloom Diva": 1000 → 100) and prevents it from being destroyed by battle this turn. The effect of "Bloom Diva" activates as it is battling a Special Summoned monster. The monster is destroyed after  damage calculation  and the battle damage is inflicted to Olga instead. "Iceberg Narwhal" is destroyed (Olga: 2600 → 0 LP). Zuzu then activates the Quick-Play Spell Card " De-Fusion ", returning "Bloom Diva" to her  Extra Deck  and Special Summoning "Mozarta" (2600/2000) and "Soprano" (1400/1400) from her Graveyard in Attack Position. "Soprano" and "Mozarta" attack Halil directly (Halil: 3900 → 2500 → 0 LP).
 
 Shay Obsidian vs. Ashley, Bram and Carl 
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Duel is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Shay   controls  " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " in  Attack Position .
 Shay's turn 
"Rise Falcon"  attacks  (Ashley: ? → 0 LP, Bram: ? → 0 LP, Carl: ? → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fairy 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 Performapal Silver Claw Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji 
 Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch 
 Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mozarta the Melodious Maestra 
 Soprano the Melodious Songstress 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue White Butterfly 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Pianissimo 
 
 Halil Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Purple Lamp 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fire Jinn the Blazing Genie of the Lamp Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Absorbing Lamp 
 
 Olga Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Glacial Beast Blizzard Wolf 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glacial Beast Polar Penguin Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal 
 
 Dennis McField Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performage Damage Juggler 
 Performage Flame Eater  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Performage Trapeze Magician 
 
 Taka Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Shield [Notes 1] 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Sword [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fujin the Breakstorm Star 
 
 Nagi Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Shield [Notes 2] 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Sword [Notes 2] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Raijin the Breakbolt Star 
 
 Shay Obsidian Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon 
 
 Trout Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blinding Blizzard 
 Flame Ball  x2 
 Unknown Action Card [Notes 3] 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performage Damage Juggler 
 Performapal Sky Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fujin the Breakstorm Star Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 Showtime Street 
 Mistakes 
 Throughout the Duel, some cards are shown with the old  card backings . This was corrected in the dub. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Le feu et la glace
 
 
  German 
 Feuer und Eis
 
 
  Italian 
 Fuoco e ghiaccio
 
 
  Korean 
 화려한 유학생, 데니스
 
 
  Thai 
 เดนนิส นักเรียนต่างชาติผู้งดงาม
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen on  Taka 's  Duel Disk . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This card can be seen on  Nagi 's  Duel Disk . 
 
 ↑   Yuya  unsuccessfully attempts to activate this card twice, being interrupted by  Dennis  both times. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/ArcV_043.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150215154003', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes