Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Alich,_Malebranche_of_the_Burning_Abyss


 
 
 Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss 彼 岸 の 悪 鬼  アリキーノ 
 
 English 
Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss 
 French 
 Alich, Malebranche des Abysses Ardents Check translation 
 German 
 Alich, Grimmetatze des Brennenden Abgrunds Check translation 
 Italian 
 Alich, Malebranche dell'Abisso Bruciante Check translation 
 Korean 
 피안의 악귀 아리키노 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Alich, Malebranche do Abismo Ardente Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Alich, Malebranche del Abismo Ardiente Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ひがんのあっき アリキーノ Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 彼岸の悪鬼 アリキーノ Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Higan no Akki Arikīno 
 Japanese (translated) 
Alichino, Malebranche of the Afterlife 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 DARK   
 Types 
 Fiend  /  Effect 
 Level 
 3   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 1200  /  0 
 Passcode 
 47728740 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Continuous 
 Condition 
 Ignition 
 Trigger Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
If you  control  a  monster  that is not a " Burning Abyss " monster,  destroy  this card. You can only use 1 of these  effects  of "Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per  turn , and only  once that turn . ● If you control no  Spell / Trap Cards : You can  Special Summon  this card from your  hand . ● If this card is  sent  to the  Graveyard : You can  target  1  face-up  monster on the  field ; negate its effects until the end of this turn. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Si vous contrôlez un monstre (monstres "Abysses Ardents" exclus), détruisez cette carte. Vous ne pouvez utiliser qu'1 des effets suivants de "Alich, Malebranche des Abysses Ardents" par tour, et uniquement une fois le tour. ●Si vous ne contrôlez aucune Carte Magie/Piège : vous pouvez Invoquer Spécialement cette carte depuis votre main. ●Si cette carte est envoyée au Cimetière : vous pouvez cibler 1 monstre face recto sur le Terrain ; jusqu'à la fin de ce tour, annulez ses effets. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Falls du ein Monster kontrollierst, das kein „Brennenden Abgrund“-Monster ist, zerstöre diese Karte. Du kannst nur 1 der folgenden Effekte von „Alich, Grimmetatze des Brennenden Abgrunds“ pro Spielzug verwenden und in dem Spielzug nur einmal. ●Falls du keine Zauber-/Fallenkarten kontrollierst: Du kannst diese Karte als Spezialbeschwörung von deiner Hand beschwören. ●Falls diese Karte auf den Friedhof gelegt wird: Du kannst 1 offenes Monster auf dem Spielfeld wählen; annulliere bis zum Ende dieses Spielzugs seine Effekte. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Se controlli un mostro che non è un mostro "Abisso Bruciante", distruggi questa carta. Puoi utilizzare solo 1 dei seguenti effetti di "Alich, Malebranche dell'Abisso Bruciante" per turno, e solo una volta in quel turno. ●Se non controlli nessuna Carta Magia/Trappola: puoi Evocare Specialmente questa carta dalla tua mano. ●Se questa carta viene mandata al Cimitero: puoi scegliere come bersaglio 1 mostro scoperto sul Terreno; annulla i suoi effetti fino alla fine di questo turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Se você controlar um monstro que não seja um monstro "Abismo Ardente", destrua este card. Você só pode usar 1 desses efeitos de "Alich, Malebranche do Abismo Ardente" por turno e apenas uma vez por turno. ● Se você não controlar Cards de Magia/Armadilha: você pode Invocar este card por Invocação-Especial da sua mão. ● Se este card for enviado para o Cemitério: você pode escolher 1 monstro com a face para cima no campo; negue os efeitos dele até o final deste turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Si controlas un monstruo que no sea un monstruo "Abismo Ardiente", destruye esta carta. Sólo puedes usar 1 de los siguientes efectos de "Alich, Malebranche del Abismo Ardiente" por turno, y sólo una vez ese turno. ●Si no controlas Cartas Mágicas/de Trampa: puedes Invocar esta carta de Modo Especial, desde tu mano. ●Si esta carta es mandada al Cementerio: puedes seleccionar 1 monstruo boca arriba en el Campo; hasta el final de este turno, niega sus efectos. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「彼岸の悪鬼 アリキーノ」の①③の効果は１ターンに１度、いずれか１つしか使用できない。①：自分フィールドに魔法・罠カードが存在しない場合に発動できる。このカードを手札から特殊召喚する。②：自分フィールドに「彼岸」モンスター以外のモンスターが存在する場合にこのカードは破壊される。③：このカードが墓地へ送られた場合、フィールドの表側表示モンスター１体を対象として発動できる。そのモンスターの効果をターン終了時まで無効にする。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "피안의 악귀 아리키노"의 ①③의 효과는 1턴에 1번, 1개밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 자신 필드에 마법 / 함정 카드가 존재하지 않을 경우에 발동할 수 있다. 이 카드를 패에서 특수 소환한다. ②: 자신 필드에 "피안" 몬스터 이외의 몬스터가 존재할 경우에 이 카드는 파괴된다. ③: 이 카드가 묘지로 보내졌을 경우, 필드의 앞면 표시 몬스터 1장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 몬스터의 효과를 턴 종료시까지 무효로 한다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2014-11-06 NECH-EN083 The New Challengers Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-EN047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2014-11-06 NECH-FR083 The New Challengers Les Nouveaux Challengers Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-FR047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Gold Premium: Or Infini Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2014-11-06 NECH-DE083 The New Challengers The New Challengers Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-DE047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2014-11-06 NECH-IT083 The New Challengers I Nuovi Sfidanti Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-IT047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Premium Oro: Oro Infinito Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2014-11-07 NECH-PT083 The New Challengers Novos Desafiantes Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-PT047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Première Ouro: Ouro Infinito Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2014-11-06 NECH-SP083 The New Challengers Los Nuevos Contendientes Rare 2016-03-17 PGL3-SP047 Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Dorada Premium: Oro Infinito Gold Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2015-09-19 EP15-JP005 Extra Pack 2015 ＥＸＴＲＡ ＰＡＣＫ　２０１５ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2016-01-21 EP15-KR005 Extra Pack 2015 EXTRA   PACK  ２０１５ Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Burning Abyss 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Burning Abyss 
 
 Actions  
 Activates from your hand 
 Activates from your Graveyard 
 
 Monster / Spell / Trap  categories  
 Destroys itself 
 Negates the effects of Effect Monsters 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Special Summons itself from your hand 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only 1 effect once per turn 
 Female 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 11506 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Burning Abyss " 「 彼 岸 」 Members 
 Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Barbar, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Cagna, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Calcab, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Dante, Pilgrim of the Burning Abyss Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss Draghig, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Libic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Malacoda, Netherlord of the Burning Abyss Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss 
 Fire Lake of the Burning Abyss Good & Evil in the Burning Abyss The Terminus of the Burning Abyss The Traveler and the Burning Abyss 
 Support 
 Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Barbar, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal Cagna, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Calcab, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Dante, Pilgrim of the Burning Abyss Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss Draghig, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Libic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Malacoda, Netherlord of the Burning Abyss Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss 
 Fire Lake of the Burning Abyss Good & Evil in the Burning Abyss The Terminus of the Burning Abyss The Traveler and the Burning Abyss 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/AlichMalebrancheoftheBurningAbyss-PGL3-EN-GUR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20160316192654', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/DARK.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918053848', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards