Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Iggy_Arlo


 
 Iggy Arlo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Iggy Arlo 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Isao Kachidoki 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 勝 鬨   勇 雄 勝鬨 勇雄 かちどき いさお Rōmaji: ( Kachidoki Isao ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 채이준 
 
 
 French name  
 Iggy Lario 
 
 
 German name  
 Iggy Lario 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Bandit Warrior Academy 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Top 32 [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Star 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jason Griffith 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenji Nojima 
 
 
 German voice 
 Jeremias Koschorz 
 
 
 
 Iggy Arlo , known as  Isao Kachidoki  ( 勝 鬨   勇 雄   Kachidoki Isao ) in the Japanese version, is a participant in the "Junior Youth" class of the  Arc League Championship  and is the Ace of the  Bandit Warrior Academy  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. [1] [2] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Heartland City 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Full body view of Iggy.     
 Iggy has blue eyes and lined skin on his face, with wild purple hair that reaches a third of the way down his back. He wears multiple layers on his upper body; a red sleeveless shirt with gold collar and armholes over a light purple shirt with tattered sleeves, a green bandanna knotted around his neck, and an orange sash attached to a yellow-lined, maroon section of cloth attached at the stomach. His arms are mostly bare bar charcoal-colored armguards. He also wears dark teal pants, bandages wrapped around his shins, and dark tan socks, with black shoes that have the toes turned up.
 
 Personality 
 In his  Duels , he has been shown as a very violent person, repeatedly physically assaulting his opponent during  Action Duels  to prevent them from getting any Action Cards in order to win at any cost. He used to also be stubborn, refusing help from Yuya at the end of their first Duel. However, after his second Duel against Yuya, Iggy didn't reject his help after losing and left on good terms with Yuya.
 Iggy is a bit of a hypocrite as he claimed Yuya disrespected him in their first Duel, when in truth he kept pushing the normally good natured Yuya until he snapped and  Awakened .
 
 Etymology 
 Iggy is the diminutive form of Ignatius, which means "fire" in Latin.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, his personal pronoun of choice is　( 自 分  - Jibun), which literally translates to "Oneself" 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Young Iggy     
 As a child, Iggy was walking with  Ryozan Godagawa , until he stopped and noticed a young  Yuya Sakaki  with his father,  Yusho Sakaki . Iggy's teacher told him not to think of Dueling as fun, as the path he was about to walk would be pitch black and full of darkness. [1] 
 Iggy came in second place in a previous  Arc League Championship , losing in the finals to  Kev Ravenwood . [2]  According to  Nico Smiley , Iggy further evolved from the previous tournament by learning  Fusion Summon . [1] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 During his Duel with  Kit Blade , Iggy brutally beat up Kit in order to prevent him from getting any  Action Cards , thus resulting in Kit's defeat in an  OTK . [3] 
 During his Duel with Yuya, Iggy once again tried to prevent his opponent from getting Action Cards through brutal force. While it seemed like Iggy would win, Yuya  awakened , which allowed him to  Xyz Summon  " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " and beat Iggy in an OTK. This Duel exposed Iggy's ignorance towards  Xyz Monsters  as he thought that since they have  Ranks , it was implied that their  Levels  would be 0, and he could  activate  the  effect  of " Idaten the Conqueror Star " (In the dub, Iggy didn't mention anything about his opinion about Xyz Monsters probably having Level 0.) When Yuya offered to help Iggy up after the Duel, he disdainfully rejected it. [1] 
 
 Heartland City 
 As a result of his loss, Iggy was shunned at his  Duel school .  Dennis McField  eventually approached him, informing him that if he wanted to defeat  Yuya , he should come to the  Fusion Dimension , as Yuya would eventually show up there. [4] 
 Dennis deployed Iggy when Yuya,  Kite Tenjo ,  Sylvio Sawatari , and  Gong Strong  arrived in the  Fusion Dimension  to save  Zuzu  from  Duel Academy . [5]  Iggy immediately attacked Yuya and pinned him to the ground, asking if Yuya remembered him. He told Yuya that he'd been in darkness since his defeat and accepted Dennis' offer to come to the Fusion Dimension to defeat him. He challenged Yuya to a Duel and  Fusion Summoned  " Idaten the Conqueror Star " on the first turn. Iggy told Yuya to summon his  "evil Xyz Dragon"  and activated " Kaiki the Unity Star 's" effect to  Special Summon  it from the Graveyard and Fusion Summon " Shura the Combat Star ", causing him to gain markings on his face and used its effect to make the  ATK  of all other monsters on the field 0. He turned his Level disadvantage on Yuya when he revealed the other effect of "Shura"; to increase the ATK of battling monsters by 200 times their  Level , which put the Level-less "Dark Rebellion" at the disadvantage. He also explained that the effect of "Kaiki" would cause him to take 500 damage each turn as long as he controlled "Shura", claiming that he obtained this power from wandering in the darkness. To Iggy's surprise, Yuya was able to bypass his disadvantage; giving "Dark Rebellion" a Level with the Pendulum Effect of " Xiangke Magician " effect, forcing the two Duelists to compete over  Action Cards . Yuya's  Rollerboots  eventually gave him the advantage in this regard, forcing Iggy to activate " Radiance of the Forbidden Spell ", increasing the ATK of "Shura" by sealing away his  Monster Zones  and destroying "Dark Rebellion". Iggy then used its other effect to destroy "Shura" and force Yuya's monsters into  Defense Position , creating a massive pit beneath them. Iggy intended to force the Duel into a  DRAW  in order to fulfill his vow to defeat Yuya, but Yuya used " Acrobat Tower " to save them both and bring their monsters back from the Graveyard. The effect of "Acrobat Tower" caused Iggy and Yuya to compare the Levels of their monsters once again, with the player that had the higher-Level monsters drawn from their Deck inflicting damage equal to the total Levels of the monsters in the Graveyard. Iggy drew the  Level 5  " Hayate the Earth Star " and " Tenma the Sky Star ", higher than Yuya's  Level 3  monsters, thus losing the Duel. This time, Iggy accepted Yuya's help to stand this time as everyone clapped for their Duel. Iggy admitted to Yuya  Dueltaining  was not bad and walked away. [4] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the rebirth of the  Standard Dimension  into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Iggy is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas . [6]  He applauded when Yuya won and watched Yuya and  Declan Akaba 's  Action Duel . [7]  He was pleased when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed the revival of  Zuzu Boyle . [8] 
 
 Deck 
 Iggy uses a  Star Deck  focused on  Fusion Summoning  his ace monster, " Idaten the Conqueror Star ". During his Duels he shows a very violent style, physically assaulting his opponents with martial arts to prevent them from getting  Action Cards . His core strategy is Fusion Summoning "Idaten", using its  effect  to reduce the  ATK  of his opponent's monsters with lower  Levels  to 0, and  equipping  it with " Magic Star Sword ", which can increase the ATK of the equipped monster by sending  Spell Cards  from the hand to the Graveyard. He then proceeds to gather Action Cards and use this effect to power up "Idaten" to the point where he can perform a  One Turn Kill .
 He later gains " Kaiki the Unity Star " and shifts his strategy to incorporate the effects of Action Cards instead of sending them to the Graveyard, with his ultimate monster being " Shura the Combat Star ", which counters Xyz Monsters, the monster type that Iggy was initially clueless about.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hayate the Earth Star  x2 
 Kaiki the Unity Star 
 Tenma the Sky Star Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Idaten the Conqueror Star 
 Shura the Combat Star Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magic Star Sword 
 Polymerization 
 Shooting Star Sword 
 Traps 
 Radiance of the Forbidden Spell 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Kit Blade 
 38 
 Win
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 39 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 113 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Iggy_Arlo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150118153435', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0b/FullIggyArlo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150111090755', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Young_Iggy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150118174658']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters