Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Advanced_Crystal_Beast_Topaz_Tiger


 Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 In  episode 147 ,  Jesse Anderson  uses this card during his Duel against  Zane Truesdale  while the former was possessed by  Yubel . After " Cyber Barrier Dragon " attacks and destroys " Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle ", Jesse activates the second effect of " Advanced Dark " to nullify the Battle Damage he would take by sending this card from his Deck to the Graveyard. In  the next episode , " Cyber End Dragon " (whose ATK was 8000 due to " Power Bond ") attacks " Rainbow Dark Dragon ", but Jesse activates " Crystal Counter " to take " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ", " Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat ", this card, "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle" and " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise " from his Graveyard and place them in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards. Jesse then sends all Advanced Crystal Beasts in his Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" by 1000 for each monster sent to the Graveyard this way. With five sent this way, "Rainbow Dark Dragon" gains 5000 ATK. Zane then activates " Cybernetic Zone " to banish his "Cyber End Dragon" from the field until the End Phase. 
 In  episode 151 , Jesse uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki  while the former was possessed by Yubel. He Special Summons this card via " Crystal Beacon ". In  the next episode , this card and " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " attack directly, but Jaden activates " Neospace Road " to draw one card and end the Battle phase. Later this card attacks directly, but he takes no Battle Damage due to the second effect of " Winged Kuriboh ", however Yubel did this on purpose to punish this card for conversing with Jaden during the latter's brief vision with the Crystal Beasts. After Jaden activates the effect of " Elemental HERO Storm Neos " to destroy all Spell & Trap Cards on the field, this card, "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus", "Amber Mammoth", and "Amethyst Cat" are destroyed as "Advanced Dark" was no longer on the field.
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears within Jaden's thoughts when he notes that he could use "Grand Mole" to attack "Rainbow Dark Dragon" and return to its hand, but he then realizes that will leave him wide open for a direct attack by Jesse's two remaining monsters, and he will lose if those attacks succeed. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances