Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sugoroku_Mutou_(manga)


 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Grandpa 
 
 
 Japanese   
 武藤双六 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 October 4 [1] [2] 
 
 
 Age 
 43 (c. 1968) [2] 71 (c. 1996) 
 
 
 Height 
 156 cm (c. 1968) [2] 151 cm (c. 1996) [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 65 kg (c. 1968) [2] 62 kg (c. 1996) [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 O [1] [2] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Tamagoyaki [1] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Wife Son Yugi's mother  (daughter-in-law) Yugi Mutou  (grandson) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Shop owner 
 
 
 Organization 
 Kame Game 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Tadashi Miyazawa 
 
 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou  is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of Sugoroku Muto, known as  Solomon Muto  in most English media, as created by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 Sugoroku is the grandfather of  Yugi Mutou . He was once a gaming master, who used his skills to master many different games and recover the  Millennium Puzzle  from the  Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh . He later opened a shop,  Kame Game , where his family resided and he sold games to people in the area.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Valley of the Kings expedition 
 1.2   Devil's Board Game 
 1.3   Later life 
 1.4   School arc 
 1.5   Death-T 
 1.6   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.7   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 1.8   Battle City 
 1.9   Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Valley of the Kings expedition 
 Suguroku was a gaming master, who tried and won all sorts of games all over the world. [3] 
 At the age of 40, he heard the legend spoken of amongst his companions, about the Shrine of the Game of Darkness said to be in Egypt. [3] 
 
       Suguroku acquires the  Millennium Puzzle .     
 In the 1960s, Suguroku, along with  Ahmet  and  Mushura  visited the  Valley of the Kings  in Egypt. Here they entered the  Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh , finding it laden with the corpses of previous trespassers. [4] 
 Each room inside the tomb was treated like a game. One such room contained statues swinging swords, along a maze over a bottomless pit. Suguroku realized that the statues only moved if the traveler did not show respect, which was shown in ancient Egyptian ways by putting one's left foot forward, as the heart is on the left side of the body. Suguroku led Ahmet and Mushura across the pit, but towards the end, Mushura panicked and ran, causing two of the statues to impale and kill him. With Mushura dead, Ahmet held a gun to Suguroku, intimidating Suguroku to not let that happen to him.
 In the final room, there was a bridge leading to the Pharaoh's treasure. Suguroku began to cross the bridge first with Ahmet pointing his gun at him. Once Suguroku got to the end, Ahmet fired at him, causing him to fall off the edge. With Suguroku hanging on with one hand, Amhet began crossing the bridge, but was consumed by a monster. The spirit of the  Nameless Pharaoh  appeared and helped Sugoroku up.
 Once he reclaimed his senses, Suguroku collected the treasure, which turned out to be the  Millennium Puzzle .
 (At the beginning of the manga, Suguroku tells a contradictory story that the Puzzle was found by a different set of archaeologists.)
 
 Devil's Board Game 
       Suguroku as a gambler.     
 Otogi  asked Sugoroku to take him in as a disciple gamer. After a while, Otogi challenged Sugoroku to a  Shadow Game  for the ownership of the  Millennium Puzzle , using the  Devil's Board Game , where each player was to bet a number of years of their life, each time they moved their piece. Sugoroku won the game, resulting in Otogi aging 50 years in one night as his  Penalty Game . Otogi swore revenge on Sugoroku through his son  Ryuji .
 
 Later life 
 Suguroku got together with his wife, after sending her a love letter in the form of a jigsaw puzzle. [5]  He got a son, who married  Mrs. Mutou , who together had his grandson,  Yugi Mutou .
 Suguroku opened a game store,  Kame Game , where he lived with Mrs. Mutou and Yugi.
 At around the age of 63, he let Yugi have the  Millennium Puzzle , to try solving it.
 Sugoroku was given the rare  Duel Monsters  card, " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " from  an American gamer friend . [6] 
 
 School arc 
 When Sugoroku was 71, Yugi was visited by  Anzu Mazaki  after school one day. Anzu was surprised to see Sugoroku alive, since Yugi had told her earlier that the Millennium Puzzle was a memento of his grandfather. Sugoroku yelled that he was not dead and Yugi corrected himself saying that it was going to be a memento. Sugoroku commented on how Anzu had grown since he last saw her, especially around her bust. As Yugi went upstairs to work on the puzzle, he insisted that the Puzzle is beyond human understanding and that the archaeologists who discovered it, died mysterious deaths with the last one uttering "The  Shadow Games " in his dying breath. However Yugi thought that the Shadow Games sounded awesome, so he still wanted to finish it and ran away from Sugoroku who tried to take it so he could sell it. The next day Sugoroku was visited by  Katsuya Jonouchi , who returned a lost piece of the Puzzle and explained that  Ushio  was giving Yugi a hard time. After Yugi came close to finishing the Puzzle that day, Sugoroku gave him the piece, so he could complete it. Unbeknownst to Sugoroku and even Yugi, Yugi's body became host to a part of the  Nameless Pharaoh's  soul  Dark Yugi , who was stripped of his memory and would occasionally take control of Yugi's body. [7] 
 One day, Yugi and Jonouchi brought  Hiroto Honda  to the shop, in search of a gift for the girl he had a crush on,  Miho Nosaka . Sugoroku sold them a  love jigsaw puzzle  similar to the one he gave to Yugi's grandmother. [5] 
 Seto Kaiba  entered the game shop one day and was surprised to see Sugoroku had a " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". He tried to trade for and buy the card, but Sugoroku refused as he got it from a dear friend and its sentimental value was priceless. Kaiba later tried to steal the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but was defeated by Dark Yugi in  a Shadow Game of  Duel Monsters  and given the "Experience of Death"  Penalty Game . [8] 
 Sugoroku's friend  Professor Yoshimori , along with  Curator Kanekura  put on an Egyptian exhibition,  The Art of Egypt , at the  Domino City Museum , and Sugoroku, along with Yugi and Yugi's friends were all given free admission. [9]  Professor Kanekura died that day under suspicious circumstances, believed to have been for defiling a pharaoh's tomb. Yoshimori worried about this, but Sugoroku and the others came to visit him at  the university  to cheer him up. However Yoshimori became possessed by  Shadi  and started attacking the gang. Sugoroku got knocked-out in the struggle. [10]  Shortly after Dark Yugi defeated Shadi in the  Trial of the Mind  Shadow Game, Sugoroku woke-up and found everyone else on the roof. After Shadi left, he treated everyone a meal out. [11] 
 
 Death-T 
       Sugoroku subject to  Kaiba's  artificial  Penalty Game .     
 Kaiba built a theme park,  Kaiba Land  in an attempt to get revenge on Yugi. He kidnapped Sugoroku, the night before the grand opening and faced him in a game of  Duel Monsters  at the opening ceremony. Although Sugoroku had his "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", it proved no match for Kaiba's own three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and the  Solid Vision  holograms of the monsters proved too much for Sugoroku. After defeating Sugoroku, Kaiba tore up his precious "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card and forces him into an artificial Penalty Game, using the holograms. [12] 
 Kaiba forced Yugi to go through  Death-T , a series of games and amusement park rides intended to kill Yugi, in exchange for Suguroku's life. Before Yugi began, Sugoroku gives him his Deck to use to defeat Kaiba. [13] 
 Yugi defeated Kaiba in the end and Sugoroku was saved by emergency surgery.
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
         Sugoroku communicates with Yugi, while trapped in the video.     
 Maximillion Pegasus , the creator of  Duel Monsters , sent Yugi a  videotape  inviting him to participate in his  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. Pegasus appeared on the tv screen and invited Yugi to Duel him on the spot. Dark Yugi wound up facing Pegasus in a  Shadow Game  of  Duel Monsters . As a penalty for Dark Yugi's defeat, Pegasus trapped Sugoroku's soul in the video tape.
 Yugi entered the Duelist Kingdom tournament in the hopes of returning his grandfather to normal. Throughout the tournament he carried around a video camera, containing the tape Sugoroku was trapped in, so they could communicate.
 After Yugi and Dark Yugi defeated Pegasus, Sugoroku was returned to normal.
 
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 He said goodbye to Yugi before Yugi left, and was trying to look for Yugi along with his friends when he was missing.
 
 Battle City 
 He, along with  Anzu  and  Honda , watched Jonouchi Duel in the Battle City preliminaries. When  Bakura  was injured, he took him in to the hospital. Sugoroku then called Yugi and his friends to tell them that Bakura had gone missing.
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 He watched the  Ceremonial Battle , witnessing  Atem's  departure to the afterlife.
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth : Sugoroku Mutou's profile  (Japanese) 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). "Millennium Book – Chapter 8: Pharaoh's Memory arc" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 196.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth : The Super Long Interview with Kazuki Takahashi 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 1: " The Millennium Treasure " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 7: " The Face of Truth " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 10: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 13: " The Man from Egypt (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 15: " The Other Criminal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 20: " Game Over " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 27: " Project Start! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 28: " Arena #1 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Solomon "Grandpa" Muto (Sugoroku Mutou, Trusdale)  pages 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Destiny Board Traveler 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Tag Force 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Sugoroku_-_school_arc.png/revision/latest?cb=20160522190122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/MW-001_Suguroku_gets_the_Puzzle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091124191712', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Gambler_Sugoroku.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091118215248', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Sugoroku%27s_Experience_of_Death.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160726193048', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Video_tape_Grandpa.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091125002511']
Categories: Characters, Solomon Muto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters