Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_episode_listing_(season_2)


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episode listing (season 2).
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Episode summary's 
 I have a question. On one of the websites I go to to watch ARC-V the people there seemed to have added their own episode summary's and I was wondering can we use them or can we not cause of spoilers?
 Example:
 Episode 82 summary on the Wiki:
 "The second round of the Friendship Cup. The clash between Crow and Shay reaches an all new level of excitement. However, facing Crow with his ace monster Special Summoned by his resurrected "Phantom Synchro" technique, Shay suddenly calls out for the Duel to be cancelled. Crow ignores Shay's pleas and insists on with the Duel. What actually happened before Shay's eyes?"
 
Episode 82 summary on the website I go to:
 "The Ultimate Falcon VS The Black-Feathered Thunder. As Crow and Shay’s duel escalates, Shay suddenly seems to want Crow to put a stop to the duel, but he refuses to listen. Summoning Revolution Falcon, Shay reveals that one of Crow’s kids, Tanner, had fallen on top of Crow’s monster, managing to rescue him as he falls off and return him safely to the others. Finding common ground in their desire to help others, Shay and Crow become friends and decide to give their duel everything they have, with Shay bringing out the Rank 10 monster Raidraptor – Ultimate Falcon while Crow brings out his ultimate monster, Assault Blackwing – Onimaru the Divine Swell, winning the duel. Meanwhile, Jean locks up Yuya, who decides to keep believing in his friends, before sending Security after Zuzu."
 -- ~CrystalChimera~  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:20, November 18, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Which website? It depends on if its reliable.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:55, December 4, 2015 (UTC)
 It'd be better to check out the summaries that were written for ZEXAL and the earlier ARC-V episodes here on this wiki, IMO, since that's the style of summaries we've been using since then.  ChaosGallade  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:57, December 4, 2015 (UTC)
 Alright, thank you for your help. -- ~CrystalChimera~  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:27, December 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 English titles 5 episodes 2 title shares the same names as Japaneses 
 here is source to the episode titles in English dub (Clayton Carmine  23:55, August 11, 2016 (UTC))
 http://tvlistings.zap2it.com/tv/yu-gi-oh-arc-v/episode-guide/EP02237827?aid=zap2it 
 
 
 
 
Categories: