Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aster_Phoenix_(ARC-V)


 
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Edo Phoenix 
 
 
 Other   
 Unknown [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 エド・フェニックス 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Commander-in-Chief of the  Arc Project [1] [2] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy  (defected) [1] [2] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Destiny HERO 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Oliver Wyman 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Akira Ishida [1] 
 
 
 German  
 Julien Haggége 
 
 
 
 Aster Phoenix , known as  Edo Phoenix  in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is an alternate universe version of the  Aster Phoenix  that appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. He is the Commander-in-Chief of the  Duel Academy  forces occupying  Heartland City , and he bears a loathing towards  Yusho Sakaki  and by extension his son  Yuya Sakaki . After his rematch against Yuya, Aster defected from Duel Academy and became an ally of the  Lancers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yusho Sakaki 
 3.2   Yuya Sakaki 
 3.3   Leo Akaba 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Other cards 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
   Aster, as a Duel Academy student.   Aster, as a renegade. 1/2 
 Like his  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  counterpart, Aster has gray-colored hair and dark blue eyes. He is fair skinned. As a commander of  Duel Academy  forces, Aster wears a collared blue-green regal cloak, with yellow shoulder pads. The cloak's chest area is colored white, and has small yellow buttons. Aster was awarded this cloak when he was named the Commander-in-Chief of the Duel Academy forces, and he subsequently discarded it after he renounced Duel Academy. During his initial encounter with  Yuya , Aster wore a large grey hooded cloak that completely obscured him and his clothes. Under these, Aster wears a silver suit similar to that worn by his  GX  counterpart; but with a more militant look. The jacket is lined with gold, and has navy blue cuffs and a navy blue high collar that also extends midway to Aster's chest. He also appears to wear a waistcoat of similar material; the front tails can be seen emerging from under his jacket.
 
 Personality 
 Aster seems to take traits from his original counterpart, being overall serious and fairly aggressive when Dueling. He encountered  Yusho Sakaki  and lost to him in a Duel, something that Aster could not deal with. His insistence that the teachings of  the Professor  were correct caused him to react violently. After this, he bears a hatred towards Yusho and wants to find him at all costs in order to defeat him and prove that the Dueling of Duel Academy is correct and that Dueltaining is nonsense; to the point of Dueling Yusho's son  Yuya Sakaki  purely to use him as bait. His anger increases progressively at seeing " Performapal " cards and " Smile World "; any mere mention or sight of these sends Aster into a rage. This hatred extended to Yuya after Yusho's son, likewise a Dueltainer, forced Aster to end their first Duel in a  DRAW ; upon encountering him again, Aster personally targeted Yuya  and ordered his subordinates not to interfere.
 In contrast with this, Aster does seem to have a much brighter side to his personality, as before learning that Yuya was Yusho's son, he was willing to lend a helping hand in finding his father, being far more benevolent than most  Duel Academy  agents who would resort to assault people on sight, although he likes to get to the point quick as he pressured Yuya for information to help him. Aster also seems to be a quick learner, as he was able to learn how  Action Cards  worked merely through watching Yuya and needed no explanation to use them. After renouncing Duel Academy and allying with Yuya, Aster displayed remorse for the actions of Duel Academy and generously offered his assistance to Yuya and promised to restore the smiles and happiness of Heartland. Upon seeing  Supreme King Z-ARC  revive, Aster felt it was his responsibility as the Commander-in-Chief of the Arc Project to stop him.
 Following his defeat by Yuya and his acceptance of the idea of Dueltaining, Aster wholeheartedly embraces its principles and he applies them during his Duels; attempting to make both  Yugo  and  Yuri  to smile in his and  Kite Tenjo 's Duel with them and succeeding with Yugo, and later attempting to reach Yuya's spirit during his and  Sora's  Duel with  Z-ARC .
 Unlike his  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  counterpart who was cool, calm and collected, Aster appears to be extremely short tempered and stubborn, much like  Yugo . In addition, though the fact Yusho caused him extreme distress, Aster was smiling during his Duel with him.
 Aster refers to himself with the " boku " pronoun, and uses some English counterparts for some game terms like his  GX  counterpart. He calls the  Graveyard  the "Cemetery", refers to  card effects  with the word " effect " rather than the Japanese " koka " and employs phrases such as " Activating  the  Set  card" rather than "( card type ) activate" as is most common,  and "Come out" instead of "Arawareru". In addition, he also commonly uses English words.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Aster chosen as the Commander-in-Chief.     
 Aster was assigned as the Commander-in-Chief of  Duel Academy 's  invasion  in the  Xyz Dimension . [3]  One day, while walking past  Sora Perse , he asked Sora to join him under his command once he had graduated, but Sora turned his offer down. [4]  During the invasion of the Xyz Dimension, Aster heard rumors of and Dueled  Yusho Sakaki  and lost to him, though Yusho was able to make him smile. Yusho offered him a " Smile World " card and told him to tell  the Professor  that Dueling to hurt others was wrong. Aster was torn between the proof of his loss and his beliefs in the Professor's teachings and he violently tore the card in half before screaming in grief. When Yusho went pick up half of the card, he disappeared. Wishing to prove that the ideals of Duel Academy were correct, Aster began searching for Yusho. [5] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Aster disappeared from  Duel Academy 's base in  Heartland City , to the chagrin of  Mamoru Noro . Aster searched for  Yusho , clutching half of a torn copy of " Smile World ". He ran into  Yuya Sakaki  and asked what he was doing. When Yuya answered that he was searching for his father, Aster realized he was Yusho's son. He then resolved to capture Yuya in an attempt to lure Yusho out, commenting that he would never forget Yusho's name. The two Dueled and Aster expressed anger at seeing " Performapal " monsters and "Smile World". Aster  Fusion Summoned  " Destiny HERO - Dystopia ", but Yuya countered with " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". Aster was surprised that Yuya could  Xyz Summon  and was reduced to 100  LP . Aster fought back, insisting he couldn't be defeated by an  Xyz Monster . Yuya used the  Action Card  " Acceleration " to escape defeat and then proceeded to  Rank-Up  "Dark Rebellion" into " Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon ". Aster grabbed an Action Card, " Miracle ", himself, but it would not have stopped him from losing, so he forced a  DRAW  using the  effect  of " Destiny HERO - Dynatag ". Duel Academy students rushed in afterwards, concerned for their Commander. [1] 
 
       Aster frustrated that he couldn't defeat  Yuya .     
 Aster sat in his office in frustration and asked why he couldn't defeat Yuya. Picking up the torn "Smile World", he then wondered if it was because Yuya was Yusho's son. [6]  He then stated that he must crush Yuya as well and won't lose to someone who brings smiles through Dueling or use "Smile World". Aster returned to the command center and told his soldiers to find Yuya. He asked where Mamoru was and one of his soldiers found a Duel signal between Yuya and  Shay Obsidian  and  Gloria  and  Grace Tyler . Angry upon seeing Yuya play "Smile World", he ordered everyone to move out and follow him. [7]  After Yuya and  Kite  defeated the  Obelisk Force , Aster arrived with a squad of soldiers to defeat Yuya. [8] 
 Gloria protested that they had been sent to defeat the  Lancers , but Aster silenced her and warned Mamoru that he would deal with him later. Aster forced Yuya into a Duel with " Steel Cage Match " so no one could interfere and he introduced himself and vowed that he would prove that the Professor's teachings were superior. Yuya Pendulum Summoned " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", and attacked Aster, but Aster activated the effect of "Dynatag" again, but this time comboed it with the effect of " Destiny HERO - Decider " so only Yuya received damage. He Fusion Summoned "Dystopia" and used it and " Delay Armor 's" effects to inflict damage to Yuya and destroy both of his monsters. Aster was floored when Yuya Fusion Summoned " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", as he was not expecting Yuya to Fusion Summon. Yuya counterattacked but Aster activated " Urban Demise ", increasing the ATK of "Dystopia", thus allowing it to  use its effect to destroy "Brave-Eyes". The impact of the effect caused Aster to drop the torn "Smile World" next to his foot, and Yuya asked Aster why he had it. Aster explained his history with Yusho to Yuya, though he omitted the fact that he had smiled during the Duel. He claimed that he must defeat Yuya in order to prove that Duel Academy's ideals were right and attacked Yuya directly with "Dystopia". [5] 
 
       Aster smiles after being defeated by Yuya.     
 Yuya was able dodge the attack with " Evasion ", despite Aster trying to stop him with "Chain Deathmatch". Yuya told Aster that his heart was wavering like  his pendulum , but Aster told him stop spouting nonsense and stated that Dueling was a power for fighting. Aster continued to deny Yuya's  Dueltaining  and pushed him into a corner, telling Yuya to counterattack if he was frustrated. However to his anger, Yuya started to act like Yusho. He was surprised when Yuya used " Performance Exchange " to give his monsters to Aster and was furious upon seeing "Smile World" again. Yuya went for an Action Card, using "Chain Deathmatch" to swing for the card, forcing Aster to remove "Chain Deathmatch" from the field and take the Action Card himself, urging Yuya to surrender. Yuya instead brought "Brave-Eyes" back, claiming that he needed his  Fusion Monster  to talk to Aster, and attacked. Aster declared that he would talk to Yuya using the Lancers' card, and he powered up "Dystopia" through various means including the " Double Attack (Action Card) " that he had taken from Yuya, but Yuya countered with " Miracle Fire " to copy "Double Attack (Action Card)'s" effect and won the Duel. Despite himself, Aster ended up smiling again, but he and Yuya were then surrounded by Duel Academy students called in by Mamoru. [9] 
 
         Aster and Kite discussing releasing the people who been turned into cards.     
 Just as Mamoru ordered the students to attack, Aster defended Yuya and shared his belief that Dueling is not a tool for  conflict  but instead to bring happiness to people. He went as far as to discard the mantle that signified him as Commander-in-Chief, showing his willingness to betray the Professor. The Tyler sisters joined him as well, and Aster accepted  Yuto 's request to help him bring back the smiles and happiness of the  Xyz Dimension . His speech and the arrival of Kite and  the Resistance  forced Mamoru to surrender, and the remaining Duel Academy soldiers agreed to follow Aster's plan to rebuild Heartland. Now allied with both the Resistance and Lancers, Aster and other former members of Duel Academy helped the refugees in the Resistance's  hideout  by distributing food, medical supplies, and rebuilding residential houses for free to atone for what they had done. Aster revealed that there was a way to restore the people who had been  sealed into cards  and he explained that the cards were sent to Duel Academy, where they were used to harvest life energy and were to be restored in the utopia. Aster elected to remain behind while Yuya, Gong, Sylvio and Kite went to the Fusion Dimension. He promised to help Shay recover and apologized to Yuya, theorizing that he accidentally sent Yusho to another dimension. He also told Yuya that no one had seen  Zuzu Boyle  but assured him that they would keep looking. Aster then activated the  Interdimensional Travel Device , transporting Yuya, Gong, Sylvio, and Kite to the Fusion Dimension. [10] 
 
         Aster explains that he and Shay travelled to Fusion due to Shay's desire to save his sister with his own hands.     
 Shay soon recovered and was eager to save  his sister  himself; Aster accompanied him to the Fusion Dimension. They arrived at Duel Academy to find Kite falling off the Western tower, and Shay saved him. Aster explained to Kite how Shay wanted to save his sister with his own hands. He was surprised to learn that Lulu had pushed Kite off the tower. Shay ran up the tower to see her, and Aster tried to tell him that she was being controlled, but Shay didn't listen. Kite asked what Aster had meant, and Aster explained that there was  a Duelist  in the Professor's inner circle who could control people's minds. Kite asked him to go to the Eastern tower and inform a Duelist named  Yugo  of this information, while he went after Shay. [11] 
 
         Aster appears to have a memory relating to the bug Yugo told him about.     
 Aster found Yugo at the base of the tower, having been defeated by the mind-controlled  Rin , and he explained that Rin and Lulu were both being controlled and that they would have to defeat the person controlling them. When Yugo mentioned that Rin was being controlled by  a bug , the term caused Aster to remember something. [12]  Running through the halls of Duel Academy, Aster and Yugo found  Yuri  preparing to seal  Sora  into a card. [13] 
 
 Duel Academy 
         Aster and Kite find Yuya locked in a cage.     
 Aster was surprised to see  Sora , and  Yugo  elected to remain behind to Duel  Yuri . Aster asked Yugo if it was alright for him to Duel Yuri instead of finding the person controlling  Rin . Yugo replied that it was, leaving the task of finding the person controlling Rin to Aster. Aster found  Kite  and  Shay  outside  the Doktor 's lab, telling them that he knew where the Doktor was. He tried to tell Shay something about  Lulu , but learned that  Yuya  was following her and  Celina . He and Kite went on ahead and found Yuya locked up in the lab and apparently in intense pain, and they wondered what was wrong with him. They were blasted back by his  synchronized   awakening  when it destroyed his cage. [14]  He regained consciousness and wondered if the power had really been Yuya. [15]  When Kite regained consciousness, Aster asked him if that was really Yuya, and Kite explained that he knew that  Yuto  was within Yuya and that they had a mysterious power, but the power that they had just experienced was abnormal. He asked Aster if the Doktor could be controlling Yuya, and they decided to chase Yuya. [16] 
 Aster and Kite ran into  Yusho , and they explained that something strange had happened to Yuya and that they thought that the Doktor might be controlling him. To their shock, Yusho explained that Yuya, Yuto, Yugo, and Yuri were in fact alter egos of a demonic Duelist named  Z-ARC  and that they were trying to revive him by becoming one. Aster told Yusho that Yugo and Yuri were Dueling, and he asked Yusho to let them stop them, explaining that he had learned Yusho's smile philosophy from Yuya. Aster and Kite found both Yugo and Yuri in an awakened state and at Sora's urging they joined the Duel, receiving the intrusion penalty. Kite managed to take control of " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " and " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " with the effect of " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", intending to give Aster optimal conditions, but Yugo defended with " Speedroid Skull Marbles "; Aster reassured Kite that he had done enough. Aster  Fusion Summoned  " Dystopia " and he traded blows with Yugo, urging him to remember Rin. Yugo did inded respond to Rin's name, and Aster informed Kite that there was still hope. Yugo  Synchro Summoned  " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " on his next turn, and Aster attempted to destroy it with his " Urban Demise " combo, but failed due to the effect of "Crystal Wing"; Kite saving Aster with " Split Guard ". Aster explained to Yugo that he and Yuya were previously one and reminded him that Dueling was for smiles and not conflict. Having learnt so from Yuya, he believed that Yugo should have the same spirit. Yugo continued his attack, and Aster vowed that he would hold on until Yugo regained his true self, using " D-Fusion " to Fusion Summon " Destiny HERO - Dusktopia ". He vowed to prevent Z-ARC's return and rescue Yugo and Yuri from the darkness, using the effect of "Dusktopia" to prevent its destruction. Yugo fell to the ground, and Aster called his name, prompting Yugo to respond that his name was Yugo. Yugo thanked Kite and Aster for bringing him to his senses, and he joined them in opposing Yuri. Aster turned his attention to Yuri and vowed to make Yuri smile next. To his surprise, Yuri used " Super Polymerization " to Fusion Summon " Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon ", attempting to negate Aster's "Dusktopia". Yugo destroyed "Greedy Venom" with the effect of "Crystal Wing", but Yuri used the second effect of "Greedy Venom" to destroy every monster on the field and inflict damage equal to their original ATK. Aster used the effect of "Dusktopia" to prevent the destruction of "Crystal Wing", protecting Yugo, but he and Kite were both defeated. Before being blasted into the wall, he told Yugo to win. [4]  Unfortunately, Yuri defeated Yugo, and Aster watched helplessly as their dragons glowed and Yuri absorbed Yugo. [17] 
 Kite left to find Shay, while Aster and Sora went to find Yuya and the others before they saw the world distorting around them. They arrived at the Professor's chambers in time to be caught in the  Isolation Dome , separated from the Earth. He asked  Declan  what had happened and learned that Yuri had sealed Yusho into a  card . Aster prepared to enter the Duel between Yuya and Yuri with Declan,  Riley , and Sora in an attempt to protect Yuya, but Yuri blasted them back. He asked Declan if Yuya had a chance to win, and Declan claimed that Yuya had a card to turn everything around. Unfortunately, Yuya was forced to discard the card, " Smile World ", to use his " Farewell " and broke down in desperation. As Declan bolstered Yuya's spirit, Aster declared his belief in Yuya, and he was pleased when Yuya  took control  of "Clear Wing" and " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". He noted that Yugo and Yuto were supporting Yuya to defeat Yuri. As the defeated Yuri told Yuya to absorb him quickly, Aster warned Yuri that Yuya had escaped the darkness and broken Z-ARC's influence. However, to Aster's shock Yuya had indeed falled under Z-ARC's will, and he Summoned " Astrograph Sorcerer " to fuse with the  Four Dimension Dragons . He ran outside with Declan, Riley, and Sora to find the world floating in pieces and a  massive dragon  hovering before them. [18] 
 
         Aster is defeated by Z-ARC.     
 As Z-ARC introduced himself, Aster wondered where he was and how he had Summoned the huge dragon. Supreme King Z-ARC began to attack the Fusion Dimension, and Z-ARC questioned the fear of the students of Duel Academy even though he resurrected for them, and Aster was shocked to realize that they had given birth to him. Deciding to take responsibility as the  Arc Project 's Commander-in-Chief, he asked Sora to help him; Sora refused and asked Aster to help  him  instead, and Aster agreed with a smile. He used "Dystopia" to block Supreme King Z-ARC's attack on the citizens of the  City  and he and Sora challenged Z-ARC to a Duel. The dragon, who claimed to be Z-ARC himself, took on a human form to Duel them; a corrupted version of Yuya, and Aster wondered what had happened to Yuya's body. Z-ARC, to Aster's surprise, claimed that Yuya no longer existed after his resurrection. After Z-ARC  Pendulum Summoned  against them, Sora told Aster that Yuya was somewhere inside Z-ARC and Aster agreed. He Fusion Summoned "Dystopia" and used the effect of "Dystopia" to inflict damage to Z-ARC, but Z-ARC used the  Pendulum Effects  of " Supreme King Gate Zero " and " Supreme King Gate Infinity " to instead gain the damage as  LP  by the damage would've taken. He called out to Yuya during his turn, asking him if he had lost his spirit, but his words failed to affect Z-ARC. Sora tried to make Yuya remember by showing him  his pendant , Aster recalling that Yuya had dropped it during his transformation and watched Sora shed a tear after he too failed to awaken Yuya. Z-ARC Pendulum Summoned his two " Supreme King Servant Dragon Darkwurm ", and Aster and Sora combined " D - Hyper Nova " and " Frightfur Mad Parade " destroy Z-ARC's cards and damage him. However, Z-ARC brought out the monster that brought him back, "Astrograph Sorcerer", which revived his monsters and  banished  the Four Dimension Dragons to  Integration Summon  " Supreme King Z-ARC ". Aster and Sora fled the area as it was destroyed, surprised to see that Z-ARC had fused with his Duel Monster and they realized that Z-ARC had been the dragon that they had seen earlier. Shay and Kite joined the Duel, but Aster and Sora were defeated by the effect of "Z-ARC" and blasted away. Kite checked on Aster, and Aster explained to him that Yuya had become Z-ARC and that the dragons had fused with him to become the "Supreme King Z-ARC". [19] 
 Z-ARC used the effect of " Supreme King Servant Dragon Dark Rebellion " to protect "Z-ARC" from Shay's " Rise Falcon 's" attack, and Aster noted since "Z-ARC" was the integration of all  Summoning methods , it was also an  Xyz Monster .  Gong  and  Sylvio  found him and Sora, and they explained that Yuya had become the Supreme King Z-ARC, and that they were trying to regain Yuya's heart through Dueling. To his shock, Z-ARC defeated Shay and Kite. [20]  As Sylvio watched  Jack Atlas  and Gong Duel Z-ARC, Aster learned that their comrade  Crow Hogan  had been sealed into a  card . He was surprised when Z-ARC reacted to Dueltaining, and when  New Domino City  appeared in the Fusion Dimension. When Jack prepared to ride up a materializing highway, Aster wondered if the integration would be sufficiently complete for it to ride on. Jack destroyed Z-ARC's " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing ", but Aster and Sora remembered that Z-ARC could use the effects of "Zero" and "Infinity" to convert the damage into LP. Crow was freed from his card, and Aster remembered that it had been said that those who were trapped in cards would be freed to play in the new utopia when it was created. [21] 
 Aster was surprised that Crow was able to deal damage to Z-ARC, and when it appeared that Sylvio had destroyed "Supreme King Z-ARC". To his shock, Z-ARC was not destroyed, as it was being protected by the presence of the  Fusion ,  Synchro  and Xyz Monsters in the  Graveyard , including Aster's "Dystopia". Aster and Sora were surprised when  the Professor  joined the Duel, and they watched as Z-ARC defeated Sylvio and Crow. [22]  He and Sora were pleased when Declan managed to deal damage to Z-ARC, but Aster was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" had killed Declan. As  Ray   turned  all of Z-ARC's Fusion Monsters into  Normal Monsters  with their effects negated, Aster noted that Z-ARC was no longer a Fusion, Synchro or Xyz Monster. [23] 
 Following the battle against Z-ARC, Aster appeared during Yuya and  Dennis McField 's Duel to tell Yuya that it was Duel Academy's fault that they're being seen as detestable beings for  sealing everybody into cards  and even if they restore the  Xyz Dimension , the people still won't forgive them due to inflicting large wounds. He told Yuya that if he could communicate with Dueling, they might be able to see a solution. He then watched the remainder of the Duel and applaud at the end of it when Yuya won. [24]  Aster watched Yuya's Duel against Jack with  Gloria ,  Grace ,  Mamoru ,  Allen , and  Saya . [25]  He was happy when Yuya won and watched Yuya and Declan's  Action Duel . [26]  Aster was surprised when he thought Yuya defeated Declan and watched Yuya lower their monsters ATK to 0 with the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ". He watched Yuya and Declan gather  Action Cards  to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to "Five-Rainbow Magician". Aster was happy that Yuya won both Duels and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by Ray to witness her revival as Zuzu. [27] 
 
 Relationships 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 Aster completely despised  Yusho  and everything for which he stands. They first met during the  invasion of the Xyz Dimension ; Aster having heard that Yusho was spreading nonsense about Dueling with smiles. Yusho claimed that he was, but his words were not nonsense. Aster did indeed smile when Yusho Dueled him, but he could not deal with his loss and his beliefs in  the Professor's  teachings, and he tore the " Smile World " card that he was offered in half. Yusho vanished immediately afterwards, and Aster has since been looking for him; vowing to prove that the Dueling of Duel Academy is superior to Dueltaining.
 His loss against Yusho's son,  Yuya Sakaki , resulted in Aster embracing Yusho's philosophies and applying them during his Duels with  Yugo ,  Yuri , and Z-ARC.
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Aster's hatred for  Yusho  was passed down to his son. However, his focus was more towards  Yuya 's ideal about having fun while Dueling; but after Yuya forced Aster to end their first Duel in a  DRAW , Aster became as focused on Yuya almost as personally as Yusho; arriving personally at Yuya's location and vowing to defeat him. Despite this, Yuya does eventually managed to get Aster to see his view; Aster used an Action Card in their second Duel while specifically stating that he would use the Lancers' card to talk to Yuya, and after being defeated by a Sakaki for the second time, Aster smiled once again. Yuya claimed that as a result of Aster's Duel with Yusho, his heart was wavering like a pendulum and correctly deduced that Aster had in fact smiled during his Duel with Yusho.
 After the Duel, Aster not only embraced the ideal of Dueltaining, but he gave Yuya his full support and convinced the students of Duel Academy that were present to stand down. Aster apologized for his actions, and he assisted Yuya in traveling to the Fusion Dimension, and also promised to search for  Zuzu Boyle  for him.
 
 Leo Akaba 
 Aster was named Commander-in-Chief of the Duel Academy army by  the Professor  himself, and he was fiercely devoted to the Professor's teachings regarding Dueling. Even after  Yusho Sakaki  made Aster smile during their Duel, Aster was so torn between the teachings of the Professor and the ideals of Dueltaining that he reacted hysterically and became obsessed with defeating Yusho and  Yuya Sakaki  to prove the Professor's ideals. However, he abandoned them after Yuya defeated him, shedding the cloak that Leo had given him and denouncing the acts that Duel Academy had committed.
 
 Deck 
 Like his counterpart in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , Aster runs a  " Destiny HERO " Deck , but unlike the Deck of his predecessor, this one focuses more on Fusion Summoning and  Swarming  tactics. His Deck primarily focuses on brute force, in the forms of both  attacking  and  effect damage . To counter  Xyz Monsters , he utilizes " D-Faceoff ", which ensures a boost for his  monsters  against said cards. In order to trigger the effect of " Destiny HERO - Dystopia ", Aster includes several cards that change its  ATK .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Decider 
 Destiny HERO - Dreamer 
 Destiny HERO - Drilldark  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Dynatag Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dusktopia 
 Destiny HERO - Dystopia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 D-Dragging Hammer 
 D-Faceoff 
 D-Pressure 
 D - Soul Burst 
 Delay Armor 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 D-Doom Dance 
 D-Fusion 
 D - Hyper Nova 
 D-Soul 
 Urban Demise 
 Other cards 
 Aster carries half of a torn copy of " Smile World ", [1]  which he himself tore when he was offered the card after being defeated by  Yusho Sakaki . Aster also owns " Steel Cage Match ", which he can  activate  before a Duel to trap an opponent. [5] 
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 110 - 111 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki / Yuto 
 104 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 110 - 111 
 Lose
 
 
 Yugo ,  Yuri 
 130 
 Lose (with  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 136 
 Lose (with  Sora Perse )
 
 Trivia 
 Of the five alternate counterparts to existing characters in  ARC-V , Aster has the least in common with his original counterpart.
 In addition, he is the only one to not win any of his featured Duels despite his reputation as Commander-in-Chief (assigned to him for his loyalty to Duel Academy and dueling skills). 
 Aster is the only character in  ARC-V  who has dueled against all four of  Z-ARC 's reincarnations, in addition to Z-ARC himself. Of the four reincarnations, Yuya is the only one he has dueled against more than once. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters" . TVTokyo.com .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_2.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 130: " Duel Interrupted " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 111: " Last Laugh " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 128: " What Lurks Beneath " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 132: " Sleight of Hands " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Aster Phoenix  (Edo Phoenix) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/AsterPhoenix%28ArcV%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160612145345', None, None, 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Aster_%28ARC-V%29_Commander-in-chief.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160818024455', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Edo_107.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160704015511', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/Aster_smiles.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160706164353', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Kaito_and_Edo_112-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160704014518', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Aster_and_Shay_Appear.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927125115', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Aster_Remembers_Bug.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927125100', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/Lab.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161012142232', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Aster_defeated_by_Z-ARC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170116063224']
Categories: Characters, Aster Phoenix pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters