Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shadow_Riders

This article is about the group. For the arc, see  Seven Stars (arc) .      
 
 
 Shadow Riders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 セブンスターズ刺客
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Sebunsutāzu Shikaku
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Shadow Riders
 
 
 
 Alternate names
 
 
 Seven Stars
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 29: " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Kagemaru  (leader) 
 Amnael 
 Nightshroud 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Titan 
 
 
 The  Shadow Riders , known in Japan as the  Seven Stars Assassins  「セブンスターズ刺客,  Sebunsutāzu Shikaku 」, serve as the main antagonists of the first season of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , intent on resurrecting the  Sacred Beasts . They are composed of 7  Duelists  and their leader of varying origins and backgrounds who each have their own agendas.
 
 History 
 Enlisted by the elderly  Kagemaru  in his quest to retrieve his lost youth, the Shadow Riders are a group of elite duelists who work towards the goal of reviving the  Sacred Beast Cards  (三幻魔,  Sangenma , Three Phantom Demons). Each of the members that  Jaden Yuki ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Vellian Crowler ,  Zane Truesdale  and  Alexis Rhodes  face possess a  Shadow Charm  (闇のアイテム,  Yami no Aitemu ,  Dark Item  in the Japanese Version), similar to the  Millennium Items  in terms of supernatural power, but of unknown origin. These relics bestow upon their owners different abilities depending on the Shadow Rider in question.
 In the past,  Kagemaru  was forced to seal the  Sacred Beast Cards  away behind the Spirit Gates underneath  Duel Academy  due to their inability to grant his wish at that time. In order to access their true abilities, he bestows upon  Chancellor Sheppard  the  seven keys  capable of unlocking the  Spirit Gates  and then pits his subordinates against the school's finest to create the strong dueling presence needed to resurrect the  Sacred Beasts  cards.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Shadow Rider
 
 Shadow Charm
 
 
 Nightshroud 
 
 Shadow Charm Pendant
 
 
 Camula 
 
 Shadow Charm Choker
 
 
 Tania 
 
 Shadow Charm Gauntlet
 
 
 Don Zaloog 
 
 Shadow Charm Eyepatch
 
 
 Abidos the Third 
 
 Shadow Charm Headband
 
 
 Titan 
 
 Shadow Charm Mask
 
 
 Amnael 
 
 Shadow Charm Emerald Tablet
 
 
 Kagemaru 
 
 Shadow Charm Ring
 
 Trivia 
 The groups original name, The "Seven Stars" may be a reference to the Biblical Seven Stars in the Book of Revelation. 
 In their debut, only six members were seen; including a silhouette of a member that did not resemble either Abidos or Don Zaloog. It's currently unknown if a different character was intended to be used and scrapped, or simply redesigned. Interestingly said character resembles  Sky Scout . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Franchise 
 Anime 
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Manga 
 Volumes 
 Chapters 
 Movies 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VS. GX  (canceled) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Card Almanac 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Anime storylines 
 Seven Stars 
 Society of Light 
 Dimension World 
 Darkness 
 Plot elements 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Duel Academy 
 Shadow Riders 
 Sacred Beasts 
 Pro League 
 Society of Light 
 The Light of Destruction 
 Genex Tournament 
 Survival Duels 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 World of Darkness 
 Cyber Style 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/SevenStars.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20170704203803']
Categories: Organizations