Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Magical_Musket


 
 Magical Musket 
 魔弾 「 まだん 」  ( Madan ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Magibullet 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Magie de Mousquet Translation:  Musket Magic 
 
 
 German 
 Magische/r Musket 
 
 
 Italian 
 Magico Moschet 
 
 
 Korean 
 마탄환   Matanhan   (romanized) Translation:  Magibullet 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mágico(a) Mosquete 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Mágico/a Mosquete 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Dark Neostorm 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Spirit Warriors Duel Overload 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors LINK VRAINS Pack 2 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Magical Musket " ( 魔 弾   Madan , " Magibullet " in the  OCG ) is an  archetype  of  LIGHT   Fiend   monsters  debuting in  Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 
 2   Naming in the  TCG 
 3   Members 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Weakness 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The archetype is based on the German  opera  " Der Freischütz ", written by  Carl Maria von Weber  and premiered in 1821. According to German folklore, the term " Freischütz " refers to a marksman who made a contract with the devil to obtain seven magic bullets with supernatural accuracy. The first six bullets are subservient to the wielder's control, while the seventh will be in the devil's grip completely.
 All members of this archetype are based on seven characters from the opera, in addition to sporting names and physical appearances to notable figures of American Western history and lore. Visually, all of them share three design aspects: a demonic-styled weapon, a clawed blue arm holding the weapon, and one or more large, red wings with blue eyes near the joint.
 
 Naming in the  TCG 
 In the Italian version, the inclusion of  female  monsters such as " Magical Musketeer Calamity " and " Magical Musketeer Starfire " seems to be implicit, as their names don't contain "Magica Moschet" instead.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Musketeer
 
 Folklore
 
 Musket
 
 Firearm
 
 Role
 
 
 Calamity 
 Calamity Jane 
 Desperado 
 Rocket launcher 
 Ännchen, Agathe's relative
 
 
 Caspar 
 N/A 
 Fiendish Deal 
 Pistol / Handgun 
 Caspar, assistant forester
 
 
 Doc 
 Doc Holliday 
 Steady Hands 
 Sniper rifle 
 Cuno, a hereditary forester
 
 
 Kidbrave 
 Billy the Kid 
 Cross-Domination 
 Revolver 
 Max, assistant forester
 
 
 Max 
 N/A 
 Crooked Crown 
 Rifle 
 Max, assistant forester
 
 
 Starfire 
 Belle Starr 
 Dancing Needle 
 Derringer 
 Agathe, Cuno's daughter
 
 
 Wild 
 "Wild Bill" Hickok 
 Last Stand 
 MANPADS / CIWS 
 The Holy Hermit
 
 
 Zakiel 
 N/A 
 Fiendish Deal     Crooked Crown 
 Pistol / Handgun 
 Samiel, the Black Huntsman
 
 Playing style 
 This archetype revolves around using their monsters to accumulate their Spells/Traps in order to disrupt almost any moves their opponents may be attempting. All of their monsters can activate their effects when a Spell/Trap is activated in the same column as theirs (including opponent's). In addition, they also allows player to activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Traps from their hand, essentially turning them into  hand traps , making their moves harder to predict and protect against.
 Their monsters all have different effects, ranging from searching (" Caspar "), recycling (" Wild " and " Doc "), advantage generators (" Kidbrave " and " Zakiel "), and even swarming (" Starfire " and " Calamity "). Therefore, it is important to get those monsters onto the field as fast as possible. Since they're all LIGHT Fiends, they can utilize " Ties of the Brethren " as their main card to swarm the field, most of the time to bring out "Caspar", "Doc", and "Kidbrave" for maximum benefits. Cards like " Double Summon " can also be used to emphasize this further.
 Since their monsters can activate their effects from activation of  any  Spell/Traps, cards like " Upstart Goblin ", " One Day of Peace " and the  Toon  engine (consisting of " Toon Table of Contents " and " Toon World ") can also be used. Outside of "Starfire", they don't rely on too much Special Summoning, so they can use cards like " Pot of Duality " to increase their consistency without noticeable drawback.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel 
 Magical Musketeer Calamity 
 Magical Musketeer Caspar 
 Magical Musketeer Doc 
 Magical Musketeer Starfire 
 Magical Musketeer Kidbrave 
 Magical Musketeer Wild 
 Condemned Maiden 
 Denko Sekka 
 Doomdog Octhros 
 Honest 
 Shining Angel 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Stygian Street Patrol 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Archfiend Eccentrick Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Omega 
 Mechquipped Angineer 
 Starliege Paladynamo 
 Link Monsters 
 Magical Musketeer Max 
 Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Musket - Cross-Domination 
 Magical Musket - Steady Hands 
 Double Summon 
 Forbidden Lance 
 Hand Destruction 
 Quick Booster 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Toon Table of Contents 
 Toon World 
 Upstart Goblin 
 Traps 
 Magical Musket - Crooked Crown 
 Magical Musket - Dancing Needle 
 Magical Musket - Last Stand 
 Magical Musket - Desperado 
 Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal 
 Weakness 
 While powerful and consistent with their plethora of monster effects to generate advantage, it is also their greatest weakness. All "Magical Musket" Spells/Traps can only be activated while the player controls a "Magical Musket" monster, limiting their utility. Furthermore, they almost have no means of Special Summoning outside of their own theme (that doesn't rely on monster presence on the field), so any Summon negation cards such as " Forced Back ", " Solemn Warning ", " Chaos Trap Hole ", and " Horn of Heaven " can help slow them down. Because of this Normal Summon dependence, this deck's particularly vulnerable when going second.
 Hand traps  are also effective against this deck, particularly " Effect Veiler ", " Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit ", " Herald of Orange Light ", or " PSY-Framegear Gamma ", since they can negate "Magical Musket" monster effects while also being out of reach from negation effect of " Cross-Domination ". Mass-removal cards that can avoid " Last Stand " or " Fiendish Deal " are also effective to clear their entire field in one fell swoop, preventing them from activating more "Magical Musket" cards for the rest of that turn.
 
 Trivia 
 This archetype can be considered as an antithesis to " The Weather " archetype, in many ways:
 "The Weather" focuses on using their monsters for their Spell/Trap effects, while this archetype uses their Spell/Traps to fuel their monsters, instead. 
 "The Weather" has 4 Spells and 2 Traps, while this archetype has 2 Spells and 4 Traps. 
 "The Weather" monsters are all  Fairy , while this archetype is all  Fiend  monsters. 
 " The Weather Painter Rainbow " is an Extra Deck monster, while " Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel " is a Main Deck monster. 
 " The Weather Painter Aurora " protects "The Weather" Spells/Traps, while " Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal " protects this archetype's monsters. 
 Both debuts in  Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors , and both are  column -based archetypes. 
   
" Magical Musket " 「 魔 弾 」 Members 
 Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel Magical Musketeer Calamity Magical Musketeer Caspar Magical Musketeer Doc Magical Musketeer Kidbrave Magical Musketeer Max Magical Musketeer Starfire Magical Musketeer Wild 
 Magical Musket - Crooked Crown Magical Musket - Cross-Domination Magical Musket - Dancing Needle Magical Musket - Desperado Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal Magical Musket - Last Stand Magical Musket - Steady Hands 
 Support 
 Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel Magical Musketeer Calamity Magical Musketeer Caspar Magical Musketeer Doc Magical Musketeer Kidbrave Magical Musketeer Max Magical Musketeer Starfire Magical Musketeer Wild 
 Magical Musket - Crooked Crown Magical Musket - Cross-Domination Magical Musket - Dancing Needle Magical Musket - Desperado Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal Magical Musket - Last Stand Magical Musket - Steady Hands 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/MagicalMusketMastermindZakiel-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170822095938']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)