Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:AmazonessChainMaster-JP-Anime-DM-NC.png


 
 Amazoness 
 アマゾネス  ( Amazonesu ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Amazoness Paladin ", " Amazoness Swords Woman " and one of the  Amazoness Archers  in the artwork of " Half Counter " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Amazonesse 
 
 
 German 
 Amazonische Translation:  Amazonish 
 
 
 Italian 
 Amazoness 
 
 
 Korean 
 아마조네스   Amajoneseu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Amazoness 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Amazoness 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Labyrinth of Nightmare Dark Revelation Volume 1 Magician's Force Duelist Revolution 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Beginning 1 Dark Revelation Volume 1 The Lost Millennium Sneak Peek Participation Card Shonen Jump Vol. 3, Issue 9 promotional card Retro Pack Dark Legends Gold Series 3 Turbo Pack: Booster Four Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Duel Terminal 7a Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack Super Starter Power-Up Pack Legendary Duelists Circuit Break OTS Tournament Pack 6 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Speed Duel Starter Decks: Duelists of Tomorrow Legendary Duelists: Season 1 Darkwing Blast OTS Tournament Pack 20 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Spell of Mask Weekly Shōnen Jump 2001, Issue 35 promotional card Champion of Black Magic Duelist Legacy Volume.3 Beginner's Edition 1 Expert Edition Volume 1 World Ranking Promos: Series 7 Beginner's Edition 1 (2011) Extra Pack Volume 4 Duel Terminal - Sacred Star Knights!! Duelist Road -Piece of Memory- Side: Yugi Muto Collectors Pack 2017 Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist Special Pack Duelist Pack: Duelists of Pyroxene Animation Chronicle 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Magician's Force promotional cards Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Amazoness " (アマゾネス  Amazonesu ) is an  archetype  of  female   EARTH   monsters  that were introduced in  Labyrinth of Nightmare , with further support in  Magician's Force ,  Duelist Revolution ,  Legendary Duelists  and  Circuit Break . Four of its members are  Beast - Type , with the rest being  Warrior -Type.
 Mai Valentine ,  Tania , and the Tyler sisters ( Gloria  and  Grace ) have used "Amazoness" cards in the anime. These monsters are based on the  Amazons  from Greek mythology.
 The Japanese name  Amazonesu  derives from the Greek Ᾰ̓μαζόνες  Amazónes  "Amazons", the plural form of Ᾰ̓μαζών  Amazṓn  "Amazon". It is construed as "Amazon" + "-ess" (feminine suffix) in  TCG  languages, except in German in which it is as "Amazon" + "-isch" ("-ish").
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Playing style 
 2   Censorship 
 3   Strengths 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Official Decks 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   References 
 
 
 Playing style 
 The "Amazoness" monsters have average  ATK  and effects and are designed either to weaken the opponent's monsters or strengthen themselves. Newer support relies on swarming and battle phase summoning. Key cards include " Amazoness Village ", " Amazoness Paladin ", " Amazoness Tiger ", and " Amazoness Queen ".
 With the additions to the "Amazoness" archetype in  Duelist Revolution , they have more support for field-flooding and field control. Using "Amazoness Village", " Amazoness Willpower ", and " Queen's Pawn " allows them to swarm the field much faster and more easily. "Amazoness Queen", " Amazoness Heirloom ", and " Amazoness Scouts " can help keep your "Amazoness" on the field while you increase their  ATK  with "Amazoness Village" and " Amazoness Fighting Spirit ".
 While their ATK is often weak for their Level, cards such as " Amazoness Tiger " and "Amazoness Paladin" increase in strength relative to the number of other "Amazoness" on the field. " Amazoness Trainee " increases in strength for every monster she destroys. "Amazoness Queen" protects all "Amazoness" monsters from  destruction in battle , while " Amazoness Sage " can destroy one  Spell  or  Trap Card  at the end of each attack; with these two cards alone, a player can defend his or her monsters, while slowly dismantling an opponent's back row.
 The "Amazoness" Fusion Monsters normally act as the boss monsters of the archetype, with "Amazoness Empress" preventing destruction by battle or card effect and giving "Amazoness" monsters ability to inflict  piercing  damage, while "Amazoness Pet Liger" grants ATK reduction abilities to "Amazoness" monsters. " Amazoness Princess " acts as a searcher for the archetype, allowing quick access to the archetypes Spells and Traps upon its summon and allows for the summon of "Amazoness" monsters upon attacking. " Amazoness Baby Tiger " allows for easy swarming, allowing it to be summoned from the hand or Graveyard upon the summon of another "Amazoness" monster. Both "Princess" and "Baby Tiger" also count as "Amazoness Queen" and "Amazoness Tiger", respectively, while on the field or Graveyard, allowing the Fusion Monsters to be summoned easier. " Amazoness Call " acts as the Deck's main searcher, allowing for the searching of any "Amazoness" card in the deck. It also allows one "Amazoness" monster to attack every opposing monster if it is banished from the Graveyard. " Amazoness Onslaught " allows for the removal of opponents monsters via banishing, as well as swarming via a Special Summon once per Battle Phase and another upon its destruction.
 With the release of further support in 2022, "Amazoness" focuses more on swarming tactics via Fusion Summoning. " Amazoness Spiritualist " is the archetype's main " Polymerization " searcher, being also able to easily special summon itself by returning an other "Amazoness" card from the field to the hand. " Amazoness Golden Whip Master " and " Amazoness Silver Sword Master " are the archetype's Pendulum monsters which recover themselves from the GY when an "Amazoness" monster is summoned to the field and additionally destroy/recover Spells/Traps upon attacking, as well as boosting the "Amazoness" monsters attack points depending on their levels. " Amazoness War Chief " easily Special Summons itself from the hand and can Set any "Amazoness" Spell/Trap from the Deck, allowing more plays and more field presence. " Amazoness Augusta " and " Amazoness Pet Liger King " are this archetype's new  Fusion Monsters  that grant protection from being targeted or destroyed and help swarm the field by summoning "Amazoness" monsters from the Deck or Graveyard, respectively. Finally, " Amazoness Secret Arts " is the brand new archetypical  Fusion Summoning  Spell that can also be banished from the Graveyard to Fusion Summon using a monster from the  Extra Deck . 
 
 Censorship 
 When the "Amazoness" cards are played in the English dubbed anime, they are re-drawn to be less revealing in appearance. While in  TCG  until recently, most of them weren't censored, unlike similar female monsters such as " Harpies ". 
 OCG version TCG version 
 Strengths 
 Common build strategies for this archetype include:
 
 Solidarity Build: Run multiple copies of " Solidarity " to give each of your Amazoness an 800 ATK boost. This build requires eliminating all non-Warrior cards from your deck, including " Amazoness Tiger ". 
 Burden Build: Use " Burden of the Mighty " to weaken an opponent's monsters, making them more susceptible to attacks by your medium-strength Amazoness monsters. However, this strategy is somewhat obsolete due to the current dominance of Xyz Monsters. But you can supplement this strategy with cards like " Gozen Match " and " Rivalry of Warlords " to hinder them from Xyz Summoning. 
 Synchro Build: Warrior Tuners such as " T.G. Striker " and " X-Saber Pashuul " can be employed to summon numerous Synchro Monsters. " Rose, Warrior of Revenge " is also one of the most recommended Tuners, since she's a Level 4 Tuner that can be used in conjunction with most Level 4 Amazoness to Synchro Summon " Colossal Fighter " (for beating down most monsters) and " Crimson Blader " (for locking down opponent's high-Level Summons). All Amazoness monsters are also  EARTH  Attribute, means that they can also be used for Synchro Summoning  Naturia  Synchro Monsters, such as " Naturia Beast ", " Naturia Barkion ", and " Naturia Landoise " for Spell, Trap, and Effect Monster negation respectively (provided that they also use an EARTH Tuner). Since most Synchro-based decks requires flexibility, cards like " Solidarity " and " Rivalry of Warlords " are not recommended in this build. 
 Xyz Build: Most Amazoness monsters are Level 4, and is perfect for setting up Xyz Summons. Using " Goblindbergh ", " Photon Thrasher ", " Kagetokage " and " Heroic Challenger - Double Lance " can speeding up the process of Xyz Summoning Rank 4 monsters. Notable choices are " Number 39: Utopia ", " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ", " Maestroke the Symphony Djinn ", and " Evilswarm Ouroboros ". 
 Anti-Meta: Most Amazoness monsters do not rely on external sources like Graveyard manipulation, Deck searching, Special Summoning and so on, means that they can also be used as Anti-Meta strategy utilizing Anti-Meta cards like " Kycoo the Ghost Destroyer ", " Imperial Iron Wall ", " Macro Cosmos ", " Vanity's Emptiness ", " Thunder King Rai-Oh " or even more obscure choices like " Grave of the Super Ancient Organism " or " Summon Limit ". " Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders " can also give this deck more resiliency, while also opening access into Rank 7 Xyz Summon. 
 Link Build: In a similar fashion to  SPYRALs  Amazoness gained a huge boost in power thanks to their compatibility with the new Link Summon mechanic. Getting " Amazoness Princess ", " Amazoness Spy " and " Amazoness Baby Tiger " is a very easy task and they can now be used for a quick powerhouse field. Princess and Spy can make either " Meliae of the Trees " or " Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights "; which can each bring out a tuner for " Crystron Halqifibrax " and eventually bring out " Naturia Beast " with " X-Saber Airbellum " and tiger for a potent opening board. The build then functions as a slight hybrid with the above synchro build. From there " Amazoness Willpower " and " Amazoness Onslaught " can keep bringing Princess and Tiger back to the field to constantly bring out more link monsters; giving the deck good longevity in a duel. 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Archer 
 Amazoness Baby Tiger 
 Amazoness Chain Master 
 Amazoness Paladin 
 Amazoness Princess 
 Amazoness Queen 
 Amazoness Sage 
 Amazoness Scouts 
 Amazoness Spiritualist 
 Amazoness Spy 
 Amazoness Swords Woman 
 Amazoness Tiger 
 Amazoness Trainee 
 Amazoness War Chief 
 Blue Mountain Butterspy 
 Giant Rat 
 Heroic Challenger - Assault Halberd 
 Kagetokage 
 King of the Swamp 
 Red Sparrow Summoner 
 Summoner Monk 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion 
 The Unfriendly Amazon 
 Warrior Lady of the Wasteland 
 Tuner monsters 
 Rose, Warrior of Revenge 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Amazoness Golden Whip Master 
 Amazoness Silver Sword Master Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Augusta 
 Amazoness Empress 
 Amazoness Pet Liger 
 Amazoness Pet Liger King 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Crimson Blader 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Heroic Champions 
 King of the Feral Imps 
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Missus Radiant 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amazoness Call 
 Amazoness Heirloom 
 Amazoness Secret Arts 
 Amazoness Spellcaster 
 Amazoness Village 
 Creature Swap 
 Fusion Substitute 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Polymerization 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Terraforming 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Archers 
 Amazoness Hall 
 Amazoness Hot Spring 
 Amazoness Onslaught 
 Amazoness Willpower 
 Dimension Guardian 
 Dramatic Rescue 
 Queen's Pawn 
 Safe Zone 
 Official Decks 
 
 “Amazoness” + “Metalfoes” Deck [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Baby Tiger  x3 
 Amazoness Princess  x3 
 Amazoness Spy  x3 
 Amazoness Swords Woman  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Metalfoes Goldriver  x1 
 Metalfoes Silverd  x2 
 Metalfoes Steelen  x1 
 Raremetalfoes Bismugear  x1 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Empress  x2 
 Amazoness Pet Liger  x1 
 Fullmetalfoes Alkahest  x1 
 Metalfoes Adamante  x1 
 Metalfoes Crimsonite  x1 
 Metalfoes Mithrilium  x1 
 Metalfoes Orichalc  x1 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician  x1 
 Decode Talker  x1 
 Imduk the World Chalice Dragon  x1 
 Link Spider  x1 
 Missus Radiant  x2 
 Ningirsu the World Chalice Warrior  x1 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amazoness Call  x3 
 Amazoness Village  x3 
 Dark Hole  x1 
 Metalfoes Fusion  x1 
 Monster Reborn  x1 
 Polymerization  x1 
 Super Polymerization  x1 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Onslaught  x3 
 Heavy Storm Duster  x3 
 Metalfoes Combination  x1 
 Metalfoes Counter  x2 
 Torrential Tribute  x3 
 Weaknesses 
 Massive field control comes at a cost. Most of Amazoness decks will always have trouble when fighting Decks with a strong focus of nullifying Spell and Trap Cards (Since many of their Spell/Traps are key points for their survivability, especially " Amazoness Village "). Amazoness decks also having a hard time to breakthrough Spells and Traps that can stop their attacks, like " Messenger of Peace ", " Level Limit - Area B ", and " Gravity Bind ". Cards such as " Dust Tornado ", " Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Seven Tools of the Bandit ", and  Xyz Monsters  can counter such plays.
 Amazoness decks are also weak against decks that can either: outspeed them completely, like  Mermails  and  Six Samurais , or decks that have more control and advantage-grinding quality, such as  Prophecy ,  Gadgets , or even  Dark World  decks.
 " Skill Drain " can be problematic to any Amazoness decks, due to most of their monsters either having Continuous Effects or effects that can only be useful while battling.
 Over-reliance towards " Amazoness Village " makes this deck hard to maintain. Without it, this deck usually suffers from not having enough resources to maintain field presence, which Amazoness Village can provide. To remedy this problem, a player can either add more external support such as " Marauding Captain " and " Warrior Lady of the Wasteland ", add more draw power via " Pot of Duality ", " Reckless Greed ", and/or " Shard of Greed ", or add protection via " Safe Zone ", " Forbidden Lance ", and/or " Fiendish Chain ". "Pot of Desires" is not recommended however as the deck has too many key cards that could be removed for good such as tuners for "Crystron Halqifibrax" or "Amazoness Baby Tiger".
 Amazoness are almost totally dependant on " Amazoness Princess " and " Amazoness Call" to  keep their plays going. Having these negated by an " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring " or " Solemn Strike " can kill the deck instantly. Having " Amazoness Baby Tiger " banished or otherwise made unusable can also prove very problematic as it is a central card in any build of the deck. Banishing can prove fatal in general so cards like " Dimensional Fissure " can be game enders. Similarly, " Necrovalley " will prevent many of their plays functioning; although " Amazoness Onslaught " can help the deck win against a  Gravekeeper  deck.
 Amazoness is a deck very reliant on its normal summons so having it negated via " Solemn Warning " or " Forced Back " can be disastrous as you may lose both a Princess search and a Baby Tiger. Similarly, it is also very reliant on the extra deck to make its powerful boards so having special summons stopped can slow down the deck massively. " Amazoness Onslaught " and/or " Amazoness Queen " can help to either get rid of problematic monsters such as  Vanity's Fiend  or outright win against a slower, stall deck.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/deck-recipes-eclectic-deck-recipes-instructors/ 
 
 
   
" Amazoness " 「アマゾネス」 Members 
 Amazoness Archer Amazoness Augusta Amazoness Baby Tiger Amazoness Blowpiper Amazoness Chain Master Amazoness Empress Amazoness Fighter Amazoness Golden Whip Master Amazoness Paladin Amazoness Pet Liger Amazoness Pet Liger King Amazoness Princess Amazoness Queen Amazoness Sage Amazoness Scouts Amazoness Silver Sword Master Amazoness Spiritualist Amazoness Spy Amazoness Swords Woman Amazoness Tiger Amazoness Trainee Amazoness War Chief 
 Amazoness Archers Amazoness Call Amazoness Fighting Spirit Amazoness Hall Amazoness Heirloom Amazoness Hot Spring Amazoness Onslaught Amazoness Secret Arts Amazoness Shamanism Amazoness Spellcaster Amazoness Village Amazoness Willpower 
 Support 
 Amazoness Augusta Amazoness Baby Tiger Amazoness Empress Amazoness Golden Whip Master Amazoness Paladin Amazoness Pet Liger Amazoness Pet Liger King Amazoness Princess Amazoness Queen Amazoness Scouts Amazoness Silver Sword Master Amazoness Spiritualist Amazoness Spy Amazoness Tiger Amazoness War Chief 
 Amazoness Archers Amazoness Call Amazoness Fighting Spirit Amazoness Hall Amazoness Heirloom Amazoness Hot Spring Amazoness Onslaught Amazoness Secret Arts Amazoness Shamanism Amazoness Spellcaster Amazoness Village Amazoness Willpower Dramatic Rescue Queen's Pawn 
 Anti-support 
 Amazoness Village 
 Related 
 Half Counter 
 
 v e 
" Amazoness " 「アマゾネス」 a   Members 
 Amazon Archers Amazon Fighter Amazon Magician Amazon Swordswoman Amazoness Archers Amazoness Arena Amazoness Blowpiper Amazoness Call Amazoness Chain Master Amazoness Charm Amazoness Empress Amazoness Hall Amazoness Hot Spring Amazoness Magic Mirror Amazoness Magic Mirror Amazoness Paladin Amazoness Pet Liger Amazoness Queen Amazoness Spellcaster Amazoness Spy Amazoness Substitution Amazoness Swords Woman Amazoness Tiger Amazoness Trainer Amazoness Village 
 Support 
 Amazoness Archers Amazoness Call Amazoness Charm Amazoness Empress Amazoness Hall Amazoness Hot Spring Amazoness Magic Mirror Amazoness Paladin Amazoness Pet Liger Amazoness Queen Amazoness Spellcaster Amazoness Spy Amazoness Substitution Amazoness Tiger Amazoness Village Dramatic Rescue Pride of Tribe 
 Anti-support 
 Amazoness Village 
 
 v e 
 Amazoness  アマゾネス m   Members 
 Amazoness Archers Amazoness Chain Master Amazoness Fighter Amazoness Spellcaster Amazoness Swords Woman 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/HalfCounter-TF05-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111101011425', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/AmazonessChainMaster-JP-Anime-DM-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/170?cb=20140814002945', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/AmazonessChainMaster-EN-Anime-DM-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/168?cb=20130217014622', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)