Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_004


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 004 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 カリスマデュエリスト  Ｇｏ 鬼塚 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Karisuma Dyuerisuto Gō Onizuka 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Charisma Duelist Go Onizuka 
 
 
 English 
 Pain and Gain 
 
 
 Number 
 004 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 31, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 9, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuyuki Fuse 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Contact " 
 " Down for the Count " 
 
 
 
 
 " Pain and Gain ", known as " Charisma Duelist Go Onizuka " in the Japanese version, is the fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on May 31, 2017, and aired on Teletoon on September 9, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on June 1, 2017. Pluto TV in the US aired it on November 27, 2020.
 The true identity of the  Knight of Hanoi  who suddenly appears is  The Gore , a  Celebrity Duelist . As the new hero of  LINK VRAINS ,  Playmaker  has stolen away some of The Gore's fans. In order to regain their support, The Gore challenges Playmaker to a  Duel .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. The Gore 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Differences in Adaptations 
 6   Errors 
 
 
 Summary 
 George Gore stands outside his old orphanage, calling to the orphans inside that he brought some presents for his biggest fans. He hears no response, therefore goes in by himself. At the corridor, Gore sees the orphans from outside one of the rooms, cheering on the new star in town, Playmaker. Gore is so disheartened, that he drops one of the presents he was holding.
 The next day, Gore completes his  D-Board  simulation training, and logs into LINK VRAINS. When Gore's A.I. warns of a  Data Storm  ahead and instructs Gore to turn back, Gore decides to go right through it. Predictably, Gore is swept away and thrown out of his own simulation room at  his warehouse .  Gore's manager  gives him a towel, saying that Speed Dueling was what made Playmaker famous overnight. Gore agrees, saying that he will win his fans back by defeating Playmaker. Gore's manager responds that they don't know where Playmaker is at the moment. Gore thinks about who might know, and visits  SOL Technologies . He appears to  Akira Zaizen  just as he was scrolling through a list of other duelists, and asks to reopen negotiations. Akira is happy that Gore has changed his mind, and reminds him of the objective: defeat Playmaker, and take his  Ignis . 
 Gore agrees, on the condition that Akira helps him find Playmaker. Akira agrees to that as well, thus, Gore enters LINK VRAINS disguised as a  Knight of Hanoi  under Akira's watch. Meanwhile, Yusaku has returned home.  Kolter  greets him on the way back, passing him the completed " Decode Talker " card that he obtained in his last duel. Inside Yusaku's home,  Ai  and  Roboppi 's time together is interrupted when Ai senses Yusaku's approach, and asks Roboppi to put him back. Yusaku enters LINK VRAINS through a secret room in his bedroom, and lands on top of a virtual building, where his opponent is already waiting. Playmaker already knows something is wrong with the Knight of Hanoi from just his speech. The Knight of Hanoi laughs, and takes off his disguise before introducing himself.
 Ai accesses Gore's data from memory, and sees that he would be a formidable opponent. But because Gore isn't a Knight of Hanoi, Playmaker decides to leave. Gore responds by trapping the virtual city in a giant cage, preventing either of them from logging out until one of them loses a duel. He also declares that Playmaker's A.I. is his if he wins. Playmaker accepts the challenge; thus, a Data Storm blows above Gore and Playmaker. Kolter sees the cage from where he's monitoring Playmaker. 
 Moments later, Playmaker and Gore begin their Speed Duel. After Gore ends his turn, Ai asks if he should find out more about Gore; Playmaker turns down the offer. During Playmaker's turn, viewers have gathered behind screens across  Den City  which are broadcasting the duel. Two of them argue over who to support. The  MC  also offers his commentary, just as Gore's manager arrives at the orphanage to watch the duel as well. The  caregiver at the orphanage  notes that it would hurt George if he saw the orphans cheering Playmaker. Gore's manager says the orphans can't be blamed. The caregiver replies that it took her by surprise to see the orphans cheer for someone new after all that Gore did for them. Gore's manager roots for his client's victory, knowing that although Gore duels for fame and glory, deep down he wants to make people happy. 
 Meanwhile, Kolter has found the virtual cage's source code. He knows he must act quickly before Playmaker potentially loses. Back in the duel, Gore notes the pairs of monsters on both sides of the field, claiming that the singles fight has turned into a tag-team match, which he knows he'll win. Playmaker doubts this, and continues the duel. After the first attack on Gore, Ai starts spewing random trivia about Gore. At the orphanage, the orphans' support for Playmaker is clear. Playmaker interrupts Ai, stating his intent to win. He must not lose until the Knights of Hanoi are down. Ai reminds Playmaker who is at stake in this duel. As Gore continues to stay down on his D-Board, his manager and the orphanage's caregiver look on tensely from the TV. Gore's manager tells the caregiver not to lose hope in Gore, as the current setback is not enough to break his heart. 
 The MC now notes that if Gore doesn't stand on his D-Board within the next three seconds, he will have surrendered the duel. The countdown begins, as encouraged by an orphan in the orphanage. Before the MC can count three, Gore begins to stand up, and is fully upright when the MC finishes delivering his surprise commentary. While Gore activates " Gouki Suprex 's" floating effect, Ai makes another observation about Gore and says he's not all cracked up to be. Playmaker warns Ai against jumping to conclusions. At the next moment, Gore activates his  Skill , to Playmaker's surprise. Because Playmaker's " Cyberse Wizard " can no longer attack due to its effect, Gore begins his next turn. 
 When Gore  Link Summons  " Gouki The Great Ogre ", the orphans that were cheering Playmaker on fall silent. Gore's manager tells the caregiver that Gore specializes in making comeback plays. The orphans seem to agree, as they begin to root for Gore again. Kolter sees this at the same time and panics, knowing there's not enough time left to unsecure the cage. At  SOL Technologies , the watching Akira becomes impatient. Nevertheless, Gore proceeds to use the effects of his other " Gouki " monsters to power up "Great Ogre", to the point where he can win by  OTK . 
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. The Gore 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: The Gore 
 The Gore 's opening  hand  contains " Gouki Suprex ", " Gouki Twistcobra " and two unspecified cards. He  Normal Summons  "Suprex"(1800/0). As "Suprex" was Normal Summoned, The Gore  activates  its  effect , allowing him to  Special Summon  a " Gouki "  monster  from his hand. He Special Summons "Twistcobra" (1600/0) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
 Playmaker   Sets  a card. As he  controls  no monsters, Playmaker Special Summons " Linkslayer " (2000/600) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. He Normal Summons " Cyberse Wizard " (1800/800). Playmaker activates the effect of "Wizard", allowing him to change a monster on the  field  from Attack Position to  Defense Position  and letting  Cyberse - Type  monsters inflict  piercing   battle damage  this  turn , but Playmaker's monsters can only  attack  the affected monster this turn. Playmaker targets "Suprex". "Linkslayer" attacks and  destroys  "Suprex" (Go: 4000 → 2000 LP). As "Suprex" was  sent  from the  field  to the  Graveyard , The Gore activates its effect, letting him  add  a "Gouki" card from his  Deck  to his hand. He adds " Gouki Riscorpio ". The Gore activates his  Skill , "Fighting Spirit", letting him Special Summon all "Gouki" monsters that were  destroyed by battle  this turn to his field. He Special Summons "Suprex" (1800/0) in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: The Gore 
As all monsters he controls are "Gouki" monsters, The Gore Normal Summons "Riscorpio" (2300/0) without  Tribute  via its effect. The Gore uses "Suprex", "Twistcobra", and "Riscorpio" to  Link Summon  " Gouki The Great Ogre " (2600/LINK-3/↙↓↘) in the  Extra Monster Zone . As "Suprex", "Twistcobra" and "Riscorpio" were sent to the Graveyard, their effects activate, which each allow The Gore to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds "Riscorpio", " Gouki Re-Match " and " Gouki Headbatt ". The effect of "Great Ogre" decreases the  ATK  of all monsters on the field by a value equal to their  original DEF  ("Cyberse Wizard": 1800 → 1000, "Linkslayer": 2000 → 1400).
 The Gore activates "Gouki Re-Match", allowing him to Special Summon two "Gouki" monsters from his Graveyard in Defense Position. The Gore Special Summons "Riscorpio" (2300/0) and "Twistcobra" (1600/0). The Gore activates the effect of "Twistcobra", allowing him to Tribute a "Gouki" monster to increase the ATK of another "Gouki" monster he controls by the Tributed monster's ATK. The Gore Tributes "Riscorpio" and targets "Great Ogre" (2600 → 4900). The Gore activates the effect of the "Headbatt" in his hand, letting him send another "Gouki" monster from his hand to the Graveyard, Special Summon "Headbatt" and target another "Gouki" monster he controls, increasing its ATK by 800. He sends "Twistcobra", Special Summons "Headbatt" (800/0) and targets "Great Ogre" (4900 → 5700).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Linkslayer Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 
 The Gore (George Gore) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Headbatt 
 Gouki Riscorpio  x2 
 Gouki Suprex 
 Gouki Twistcobra  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki The Great Ogre‎‎ Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Suprex 
 Linkslayer 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 คาริสม่า ดูเอลลิสต์ โก โอนิสึกะ
 
 
 Differences in Adaptations 
 In the English dub, when Yusaku returns home and meets Kolter, " Can you Feel the Power " can be heard on the radio. 
 Errors 
 In the English dub, when The Gore uses the effect of " Twistcobra " to increase the ATK of " The Great Ogre‎‎ " by the ATK of sacrificed " Riscorpio ", he refers to them as "all 1300 of them" when it was actually 2300 points. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/Vrains_004.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170531181729', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Playmaker_VS_Go.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20170531190226', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes