Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Number_83:_Galaxy_Queen_(character)


 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 Ｎｏ． ８３ ギャラクシー・クィーン Ｎｏ．８３ ギャラクシー・クィーン ナンバーズ８３ ギャラクシー・クィーン Rōmaji: ( Nanbāzu Hachijūsan Gyarakushī Kuīn ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Sparrow Family 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 7: " The Sparrow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen , known as  Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen  ( Ｎｏ． ８３ ギャラクシー・クィーン,  Nanbāzu Hachijūsan Gyarakushī Kuīn ) in the Japanese version, is a character version of the card, " Number 83: Galaxy Queen ".
 
 Biography 
 Galaxy Queen was found by  Nelson Andrews  as a  blank card  and designed itself to look like Galaxy Queen from the TV show Nelson participates. Using its powers, the " Number " card possessed him, and made him believe it was  his mother . [1] 
 When Nelson, still controlled by this card,  Duels   Yuma , Galaxy Queen controls Nelson's Duel, making him try to quickly  Summon  it, and even making Nelson use " Star Sparrow Forever " to make an  attack  from Yuma's  monster  targeting it become a  direct attack , causing Nelson to lose the Duel. After Nelson's defeat, Galaxy Queen is absorbed by  Astral . [2] 
 Later, while Yuma confronted  Nistro  and  Dextra  during the  WDC ,  Number 96  appeared within  Emperor's Key  to confront Astral. Astral asked if he broke the seal, and Number 96 responded saying that's what the "Numbers", including "Galaxy Queen", wanted to begin with. Astral questioned why the other "Numbers" gave their strength to Number 96, who responded once more that it's what they wanted. It's what all "Numbers" want - the world's destruction. [3] 
 
 The Sparrow  TV show 
 The card was shaped after the Galaxy Queen character from  The Sparrow 's TV show, whose role is played by  his mother . 
 
       Galaxy Queen overpowers the heroes in the TV show.     She first appears as a character in a brief part of an episode of the show which  Astral  watched. She was shown overpowering  Beast-Warrior Puma  and  Phoenix Beast Gairuda  with her evil powers. At that moment, The Sparrow appears and confronts her, who asks him how he dares defy their master, the king of darkness Dead Max, and tells him he's got guts. The Sparrow says that his justice has no limits, and attacks her. However, at that moment, he sees Galaxy Queen's reflection in some crystals, which reveals her real form - the one who The Sparrow always searched - his mother. Because of that, he hesitates, and Galaxy Queen declares that Dead Max's curse will fall upon him, as she shoots him with her powers as well. By that way, she says that the three of them will now follow her orders, and laughs, while the three of them suffer. The episode then ends. [1] 
       The Sparrow 's hug returns Galaxy Queen to normal.     Later, a scene of the next episode is shown. The Sparrow advances towards Galaxy Queen, with her powers not being able to stop him, and he jumps towards her, hugging her. Galaxy Queen drops her rod as The Sparrow's hug makes her return to normal, and she calls his name. The Sparrow then cries. [2] 
 Nelson's card, " Furious Max's Curse ", hints that The Sparrow's mother was under the curse of Dead Max, which made her become evil.
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 7: " The Sparrow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 8: " The Sparrow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 37: " Double Jeopardy: Part 1 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/Number83GalaxyQueen-JP-Anime-ZX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130205191054', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Galaxy_Queen_overpowers_the_heroes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130130172653', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Galaxy_Queen_returns_to_normal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130130172654']
Categories: Characters