Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Shadi-WC4.png

For the manga version of this character, see  Shadi Shin .      
 
 
 Shadi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Shadi 
 
 
 Japanese   
 シャーディー 
 
 
 Arabic   
 شادي 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 40: " Aftermath "  (second series anime) 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Wayne Grayson Chuck Powers (Singapore) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kaneto Shiozawa (1st series) Nozomu Sasaki (2nd series) 
 
 
 German  
 Bernd Vollbrecht (season 1-2, The Dark Side of Dimensions) Peter Flechtner (season 5, Capsule Monsters) 
 
 
 
 Shadi  was a spirit who guarded the tombs of Ancient Egypt for 3,000 years (5,000 years in the dub). Shadi possessed the  Millennium Key  and the  Millennium Scale .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Prior to debut 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Battle City 
 2.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 2.5   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   World Championship 2004 
 4.2   The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 5   References 
 
 
 Etymology 
 "Shadi" (شادي) is a name used in Arabic-speaking countries as well as in the Indian subcontinent. The name is traditionally given to Arab Christian and Muslim males. The word "Shadi" is of Arabic origin and has the archaic meaning of "singer" although that is no longer its use nowadays.
 It also means someone who seeks knowledge of science and literature. which makes his name also means disciple as it also, comes from the root of "shudda" (شَدَّ) which means to be exaggerating on something like being too harsh on someone or something. and in case of "Shada" (شادَ) it means to build.
 
 Biography 
 Prior to debut 
 Shadi was killed by  Yami Bakura  at least 5 years before the present day events of the series, [1] [2]  which meant that Shadi was a disembodied spirit and insubstantially incorporeal ghost normally whenever the characters encountered him. However, such as when saving  Tristan  and  Duke 's lives from falling off  Seto Kaiba 's  Blimp , Shadi did have the power to become substantial for a short time. In the dub, he was killed by  Bandit King Bakura  millennia ago.
 Shadi had guarded the tomb where the seven  Millennium Items  were once kept. Shadi forcefully gave the  Millennium Eye  to  Maximillion Pegasus , after Pegasus saw him punish a  Grave Robber  with the  Millennium Ring . Shadi was the apparent guardian of the Tomb.
 When  Yami Marik  murdered  his father , Shadi gave him the message that the  Pharaoh  would return, which caused  Marik  to believe that the Pharaoh was responsible for his father’s demise. In the English dub, Mr. Ishtar was sent to the  Shadow Realm .
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Shadi appeared before  Yugi Muto  in  Duelist Kingdom  and entered his mind. Shadi found that Yugi's soul had been divided into two  Soul rooms . One of them was for  Yami Yugi  and the other was for Yugi. Shadi entered Yami's mind to find any clues that might lead him to the thief who stole Pegasus's Millennium Eye (Yami Bakura). As Shadi attempted to find any clues, he was attacked by multiple traps in the Pharaoh's mind. Shadi almost met his end, but was rescued by Yugi. As both attempted to find clues to the thief of the Millennium Eye, they were attacked by  Dark Magician  who emerged from a stone tablet. Shadi was standing on a stone tablet of the  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  and attempted to defend him and Yugi by summoning the dragon. However Yugi reasoned with the Dark Magician and convinced the magician to call off his attack, much to Shadi's amazement. Shadi then suspected that Yugi was the chosen one. Once Shadi exited Yugi's mind, he apologized for the intrusion. He then warned Yugi to be careful and watch out for the thief. Before he dispersed, Yugi asked for his name and Shadi told him.
 
 Battle City 
 Shadi appeared once again during  Battle City ; he appeared and saved Tristan and Duke, whom had gotten into a fight over  Serenity  and were forced to hang onto the end of the blimp for their lives. 
 Later, Shadi appeared to Yugi and warned him about all seven Millennium Items being aboard Kaiba Craft 3 and were used during the Battle City Tournament. Then, he explained to Yugi how Pegasus came across the  Egyptian Gods  and recreated them as  Duel Monster  cards. He then told him of the curses that came afterwards which caused the death of everyone involved in the production of the Gods (whereas they vanished without a trace in the English Version), and that Pegasus was forced to return them to the tomb where he discovered the Gods. Shadi then met up with  Ishizu Ishtar  to discuss the evil within Marik that was growing (Yami Marik) and must be stopped. He then vanished once again.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 During the time of  Alexander the Great , Shadi forced Alexander to undergo a trial in order to prove that he deserved the power of the Millennium Ring. Thousands of years later, he told Yami Yugi and Yami Alexander to face off for the power of the ring.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 Shadi helped Yami Yugi during the  Dark RPG . He appeared in front of the stone tablet which bore the image of  Priest Seto  and Pharaoh Atem. Tristan was able to recognize him and pointed out that Shadi was the one who saved him and Duke during the Battle City Tournament. Using the power of the Millennium Key, Shadi got Yami Yugi's friends into the Millennium World through Yami Yugi's memory. When Pharaoh Atem was about to be killed by  Zorc Necrophades , Shadi possessed the body of  Hasan  to help Atem during his fight with Zorc. However, he met his destruction with a blast from the evil being.
 After the Dark RPG and the  Ceremonial Battle , Atem proceeded to his afterlife, and the seven Millennium Items were destroyed. While the tomb was crumbling and the people had left the main chamber, Shadi's spirit had appeared and disappeared one last time; he was finally able to rest in peace in the spirit world.
 
 Other appearances 
 Shadi Shin (manga) Shadi (Toei) Shadi ( Legacy of the Duelist ) Shadi ( Millennium Duels ) Shadi ( World Championship ) 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 Shadi appeared in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories , in the future to help Yugi talk to his ancient self and find a way to release him.
 Shadi faced Yugi during the  Kaiba Corporation  Tournament. After he lost, Shadi's Millennium Key and Scale were drawn into two of the  Millennium Item Cards .
 
 Deck 
 Although he was not a Duelist in the anime or the manga, Shadi  Dueled  throughout various video games. In those cases, he played an  Ancient Deck , which featured cards, such as " Millennium Golem " and " Sengenjin ".
 
 World Championship 2004 
 
 Balance On The Edge Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Cyber Soldier of Darkworld 
 Lord of the Lamp 
 Vorse Raider  x3 
 Water Omotics 
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin Attack Force  x3 
 Needle Worm  x3 
 Slate Warrior Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Pendant  x3 
 Card Destruction 
 Chain Energy  x2 
 Change of Heart 
 Dark Hole 
 Monster Reborn 
 Raigeki 
 Snatch Steal 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Attack and Receive  x3 
 Ceasefire 
 Fairy Box 
 Magical Thorn 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Mirror Force 
 Negate Attack 
 Ring of Destruction  x2 
 Trap Hole  x3 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aqua Madoor  x2 
 Hitodenchak 
 Kanikabuto 
 The Melting Red Shadow 
 Millennium Golem  x3 
 Millennium Shield  x2 
 Orion the Battle King 
 Ray & Temperature 
 Toad Master 
 Turtle Raccoon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Jar 
 Goblin Attack Force  x3 
 Morphing Jar #2 
 Needle Worm  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Black Pendant  x3 
 Card Destruction 
 Chain Energy  x2 
 Gravekeeper's Servant 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Attack and Receive  x2 
 Enchanted Javelin  x2 
 Fairy Box 
 Magic Jammer  x2 
 Magic Thorn  x2 
 Negate Attack 
 Trap Hole  x2 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 96: " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 201: " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " 
 
 
 v e 
Shadi pages 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Shadi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131022001719', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Shadi_-_Justice.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20090131120746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Shaditoei.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140106132152', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/ShadiMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/137?cb=20190602124052', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/ShadiMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/137?cb=20190602124052', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Shadi-WC4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140812221857', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Shadi pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters