Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sera_(Duel_Links)


 
 Sera 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sera 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 セラ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Aigami  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Laurie Hymes 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kana Hanazawa 
 
 
 
 Sera  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Sera , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film. She initially appeared in-game as her VR  Prana  form, labeled  Unknown Duelist .
 She was once made unlockable in the  special event   Transcend Game Part 2 . However, as of March 23, 2020, she is now unlockable via Character Unlock missions.
 Green  Gate Keys  are required to challenge her.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 This mysterious girl has been a Duel Links tester since its inception. But she's also one of the Plana, so she's keen to discover what  Kaiba 's real plan is for creating Duel Links. Therefore, she secretly watches Kaiba's every move.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Sera Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bio-Mage 
 Eldeen  x3 
 Fiend Reflection 2  x3 
 Moon Envoy  x3 
 Mystical Capture Chain  x3 
 Orion the Battle King  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  (glossy) Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage  x2 
 Blue Medicine 
 Level 10 
 
 Constellar Guardian Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Eldeen  x2 
 Fiend Reflection 2  x2 
 LaMoon 
 Lucky Trinket  x3 
 Mystical Capture Chain  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Aldebaran  x3 
 Constellar Rasalhague  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Constellar Star Cradle  x2 
 Traps 
 Ray of Hope  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Constellar Warrior Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bio-Mage  x3 
 Moon Envoy  x3 
 Orion the Battle King 
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Aldebaran  x3 
 Constellar Rasalhague  x2 Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Constellar Belt  x3 
 Constellar Twinkle 
 Photon Lead  x2 
 The Fountain in the Sky 
 Level 30 
 
 Constellar Armaments Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Acubens  x2 
 Constellar Algiedi  x2 
 Constellar Alrescha 
 Constellar Antares 
 Constellar Rasalhague  x3 
 Constellar Zubeneschamali  x3 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Photon Lead  x3 
 Traps 
 Constellar Meteor  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Constellar Cubed Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Acubens  x2 
 Constellar Algiedi  x2 
 Constellar Alrescha 
 Constellar Antares 
 Constellar Rasalhague  x2 
 Constellar Zubeneschamali  x3 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Luminous Spark  x2 
 Photon Lead  x2 
 Traps 
 Constellar Meteor  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Dimensional Pair Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Acubens 
 Constellar Aldebaran  x2 
 Constellar Algiedi  x2 
 Constellar Alrescha 
 Constellar Antares 
 Constellar Leonis  x2 
 Constellar Pollux  x2 
 Constellar Sombre  x2 
 Constellar Zubeneschamali 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Constellar Star Cradle  x2 
 Photon Lead 
 Traps 
 Cubic Mandala 
 
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Sera reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Rasalhague "
 
 
 4
 
 Wave of Enlightenment ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Sera)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Antares "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Sera)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Sheratan "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Rasalhague "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Life Charge ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Sheratan "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Antares "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Rasalhague "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Afterlife Lockdown ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Guardian of Order "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Antares "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Constellar Sheratan "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Sera)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Guardian of Order "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Guardian of Order "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Amaterasu "
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Sera, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Artifact Vajra "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Constellar Meteor "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Artifact Chakram "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Constellar Zubeneschamali "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Constellar Algiedi "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cubic Mandala "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Virgo "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Aldebaran "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Constellar Star Cradle "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Fiend Reflection 2 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Lucky Trinket "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Wave of Enlightenment
 
 All monsters you control that have an ATK equal to their DEF gain 300 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Afterlife Lockdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, if a " Cubic " monster you control destroys an opponent's monster in battle, shuffle the destroyed monster into its original owner's Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 ATK: 8800 Pulse
 
 Can only be used if you control exactly 1 Level 4 monster with an ATK equal to its DEF.
 Your monster's ATK becomes 8800, but returns to its original value at the end of the turn. For the rest of the turn after using this Skill, your opponent takes no damage. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Mind of the Plana
 
 Send all of your opponent's  banished  cards to another dimension. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event Reward
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monsters' Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reload
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Bakura 
 When starting a Duel against  Yami Bakura , Sera announces "You're the evil presence inside the Millenium Ring!"
 When she wins the Duel, Sera says "Fear can only lead to hate." followed by "So that is why I am not afraid of you." 
 When she loses the Duel, Sera says "Such power... I failed, Master Shin." 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Sera announces "What you are doing is dangerous." followed by "I cannot warn you enough, Kaiba." or "Kaiba, I can't let your wishes come true."
 When she wins the Duel, Sera says "You'll never become the Pharaoh." or "Seto Kaiba, you cannot always get what you want." 
 When she loses the Duel, Sera says "I tried to stop you from making a grave mistake." 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Sera announces "Yugi, maybe you can join the Plana too." or "Yugi, I know you and the Pharaoh used to be one."
 When she wins the Duel, Sera says "Yugi, I believe you're one of the chosen ones." followed by "You are one of the Plana." or "Yugi, please save my brother! He's only I have." 
 When she loses the Duel, Sera says "Yugi, I will entrust you with my destiny." 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Sera announces "Diva! You must let go of your revenge." or "You're blinded by hate brother!" followed by "If you don't stop, it will destroy you!"
 When she wins the Duel, Sera says "Diva, please believe me!" followed by "There are those in this world who can help you." 
 When she loses the Duel, Sera says "Diva, you must not give in to hate." 
 Bakura 
 When starting a Duel with  Bakura , Sera announces "It's... you!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Sera Summons " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth ", a cut-in frame of Sera briefly appears, and she announces "I Special Summon Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor ", a cut-in frame of Sera briefly appears, and she announces "I Special Summon Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor! Attack!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel ", a cut-in frame of Sera's face briefly appears, and she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel attacks!" followed by "Boost Knuckle!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast ", she announces "I Special Summon Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast attacks!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast's effect!" 
 When Sera Summons " Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast ", she announces "I Special Summon Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast! Attack!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Geira Guile the Cubic King ", she announces "I Special Summon Geira Guile the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Geira Guile the Cubic King!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Geira Guile the Cubic King's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King ", she announces "I Special Summon Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King! Attack!" 
 When Sera activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Ascension ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Cubic Ascension!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "I banish Cubic Ascension from the Graveyard to activate it!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Karma ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Spell! Cubic Karma!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "Cubic Karma's effect activates! I banish Cubic Karma from the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Dharma ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Spell! Cubic Dharma!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "Cubic Dharma's effect activates!" followed by "I banish Cubic Dharma from the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Mandala ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Cubic Mandala!" followed by "Your monsters may revive, but they're neutralized!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Sera Summons " Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord ", she announces "I Special Summon Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord!" 
 When Sera activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Due to Crimson Nova's effect, it can attack again!" 
 When Sera activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord's effect deals 3000 damage to all players!" 
 When Sera Summons " Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord ", she announces "Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crimson Nova Trinity attacks!" 
 When Sera activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "By destroying a monster,  Trinity can attack again!" 
 When Sera activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Crimson Nova Trinity's effect activates!" 
 When Sera Summons " Vijam the Cubic Seed ", she announces "Vijam the Cubic Seed !"
 Most of the time when Sera declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Vijam the Cubic Seed!" 
 When Sera activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Vijam has escaped to a dimension that you cannot attack, and renders your monster's effects and offense useless!" 
 When Sera activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Vijam leaves this dimension and neutralizes your monster!" followed by "Vijam returns to our dimension!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Causality ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Cubic Causality!" followed by "For every Cubic monster I have, your monster is neutralized!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "I activate Cubic Causality by banishing it from the Graveyard!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Defense ", she announces "I activate my Counter-Trap! Cubic Defense!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "Cubic Defense's effect activates!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Rebirth ", she announces "I activate Cubic Rebirth to neutralize your monster and Special Summon a Cubic monster from my hand!" 
 When Sera activates " Cubic Wave ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Cubic Wave!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "I banish Cubic Wave and Cubic monsters from the Graveyard!" followed by "For each Cubic I banish, your monster is neutralized!" 
 When Sera activates " Unification of the Cubic Lords ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Unification of the Cubic Lords!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sera announces "I banish Unification of the Cubic Lords to activate it!" 
 Trivia 
 Sera's overall dialogue is copied from  Prana . 
 Sera's  Skill , "ATK: 8800 Pulse", is based on " TRANSCEND GAME ", where her mental capability lets her set the ATK of " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel " to that said ATK value against  Seto Kaiba . 
 Ishizu Ishtar ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) , Sera,  Scud , Prana,  Blair Flannigan , and  Carly Carmine , are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them, excluding Blair, possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 While some Legendary Duelists share cards for which they have card-specific dialogue, the cards within the respective voice files of  Aigami , Sera, and Prana are verbatim. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra , Aigami, Sera, Prana,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar , Blair Flannigan,  Yusei Fudo ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Reginald Kastle  are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Sera's dialogue such cards include: " Cubic Defense ". 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers,  Espa Roba , and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Syrus Truesdale , Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo  and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski  and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi , Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and  Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Sera-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/257?cb=20190929175458', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Profile-DULI-Sera.png/revision/latest?cb=20190927145047', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Icon-DULI-Sera.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524135214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/Icon-DULI-Sera2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524150314', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/CutIn-DULI-Sera.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927153213', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Summoning-DULI-Sera.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927153330', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Defeat-DULI-Sera.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927143230', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters