Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Flip_Turner

For other versions of this character, see  Flip Turner (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Flip Turner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Flip Turner 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Tokunosuke Omoteura 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 表裏   徳之助 表裏 徳之助 おもてうら とくのすけ Rōmaji: ( Omoteura Tokunosuke ) 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 13 
 
 
 Height 
 130 cm [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Disqualified       Friendship Games   Did not place (with  Caswell Francis )   
 
 
 Team 
 Nerd Herd (English) [2] Todonotsumari Uraurana Team (とどのつまりウラウラなチーム  Todonotsumari Uraurana Chīmu )  [2] 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Flip Zombie Anti-Xyz 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 5: " Flipping Out, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Justin Boyd 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Aki Kanada 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Monica Bonetto 
 
 
 
 Flip Turner [3] , known as  Tokunosuke Omoteura  ( 表裏   徳之助   Omoteura Tokunosuke ) in the Japanese version, is one of the main supporting characters appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is a friend of  Yuma Tsukumo .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Etymology 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.2   World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 2.2.3   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.3.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.3.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.3.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Past 
 4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Etymology 
 Flip's last name in the Japanese version is made up of the words "omote" and "ura," which can respectively mean "outer" and "inner," referencing his belief that there is a hidden or opposite side to everything.
 His English name is a reference to  Flip Effect Monsters , which his Deck revolves around.
 
 Personality 
       Flip in disguise.     
 When  Astral  looks at Flip, he appears to have a dark aura around him, similar to  Reginald Kastle  and  Mr. Kay  when they were possessed by " Numbers ", even though he is not seen to have one. This is shown to represent his dark nature, being a very deceitful and spiteful person. Flip is a crafty person who has similar mannerisms to  Weevil Underwood . They both appear quite similar and are viewed as creepy by the female characters. They both trick their opponents into taking their cards and take advantage of it. Flip is a skilled Duelist who uses any under-handed tactic in the book to make his opponents fall into his trap, even to the extent of giving Yuma the " Baby Tiragon " card in order for him to steal Yuma's " Number 39: Utopia ". Wherever Flip goes, there is mischief, from causing a candy store owner to go out of business by saying his candies were overpriced (in the dub he said that the candies were past their expiration date even though they never had one), to confusing a  litterbot  by tipping it upside down. He has a habit of saying "Ura" in each sentence in the Japanese version. Flip seems to have a similar characteristic with his  Flip Effect Monsters  as his appearance is deceiving until his true intention is revealed, just like flipping a face. He has a  Duel Gazer  built for his glasses and a Standard Blue  D-Pad .
 
       Flip's hands are marked with numbers after taking control of Yuma's Numbers.     
 In the dub, Flip believes that there's a "flip-side" to everything, and that things can be defined by their opposites. Something that seems harmless can actually be quite lethal. This philosophy is embodied by his fondness for  Flip Effect Monsters , along with the physically weak "Baby Tiragon".
 As a small child, he often received the same treatment from older children who took advantage of his ignorance towards Dueling to cheat him out of his cards through  Ante Duels , saying they would accelerate his improvement when the stakes were higher. He eventually found out, running home in tears and vowing revenge. Since then, he had learned to trick people for his own gain, even defeating his former bullies who quickly became his lackeys.
 After his Duel with  Yuma Tsukumo , the two eventually put aside their differences and become good friends. His personality completely changes afterwards, as shown when he helps Yuma,  Tori  and  Bronk  get into the studio to find  Nelson Andrews  at the expense of being prevented from going in himself. However, he later seems to return to his old ways when he tried to reach the finals by using fake heart pieces, using Yuma and his friends to take the identity of  Count Crazy Fang , and saying that Yuma and his friends are only good as tools, although he seemed to have learned his lesson after that. During the Festival at Heartland Middle School, he was again up to his old tricks, trading fake tickets for a show for rare cards.
 Flip is shown to be envious of Yuma and the gang owning "Number" cards so much, he was willing to foolishly take a " Barian Number " and as a result was absorbed into the  Barian World . However, he committed this act because he wanted help Yuma.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Flip has a habit of saying "ura" after most of his sentences. "Ura" means "opposite"/"reverse" or "inner". In the  OCG  a  face-down  card is called an "uragawa" card - which can reflect Flip's use of  Flip Effect Monsters , which have to be  Set  in order to activate their effects.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Flip rebuilding his Deck as a child.     
 As a child, Flip enjoyed Dueling. He would often go to the park to find people to Duel. Unfortunately, his opponents were usually a group of older children who would convince him to  Ante Duel  them on the promise of improving his skills through the extra pressure (in reality, all they wanted were his cards). He eventually found out after overhearing a conversation between them. He ran home in tears, vowing he would learn to manipulate the other side of things to defeat them, just as they had used it against him. After studying deception and building a new Deck, he won matches with the children who quickly became his lackeys.  Tori  and  Bronk  also mentioned knowing him in grade school where they learned of his deceitful nature.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 In Junior High, Flip was the same as before, his first appearance being putting a  candy shopkeeper  out of business by calling his sweets over priced (in the dub, the man put them on sale, and Flip said that reason for this is because they are past their expiration dates), then Dueling the enraged man and beating him with  his own card . One morning, he found  Yuma Tsukumo , congratulating him on his defeat of  Shark , attempting to give him the " Baby Tiragon " card as a reward, only for Yuma to be pulled away. He attempted this several more times, only for the same thing to happen. He later doctored photographs of Yuma, placing him in many incriminating situations of mischief and emailing the pictures to their classmates, causing everyone but Bronk and Tori to shun him (even going as far as convincing another student to skip class to support the ruse, but in reality, had promised that student a rare  Xyz Monster  if he could create a domino pattern by the next morning). He later dressed as a female admirer to give a video message to Yuma, along with the "Baby Tiragon" card.
 Depressed at having no one to Duel with, Yuma went to the mall, with Flip just happening to be there. He pat Yuma on the back, saying he believed he was innocent (while placing a note on him). He challenged Yuma to a Duel, to which he accepted. Flip's decietful nature showed through after he set Yuma up to Summon "Baby Tiragon", activating his " Ultra C " card to Summon Yuma's " Number 39: Utopia " to his side of the  field . He then revealed the note he placed on Yuma's back was a letter written in Yuma's voice, stating that this was an Ante Duel and the winner was allowed to take a card of their choice from the loser. Flip told him that his whole plan, from the photos to the Duel, was to steal "Utopia".
 Even after managing to steal Yuma's " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon " as well, Flip was defeated by his own "Baby Tiragon". Even then, Yuma offered it back to him on the condition he didn't use it for any underhanded tricks again, prompting Flip to ask what his hidden motive was, only for Yuma to reply he didn't have one, and that it was his card to begin with as well as thinking he was a very strong Duelist. This caused Flip to burst into tears, saying he never had someone call him powerful before. (In the dub, Yuma instead complimented him on his glasses, saying that they were "cool"; just as in the Japanese version, Flip burst into tears, as this was the nicest thing anyone has ever said to him. Flip then realized that his philosophy - that there is a "flip-side" to everything - may not always be correct, and that some things should be taken at face value.) He then gave the card back, saying Yuma should keep it as a sign of friendship, to which Yuma rejoiced, as he had really wanted the card all along. The two left the Duel as friends.
 He later appeared before Yuma, Tori, and Bronk as they were trying to think of a way to sneak back stage for The Sparrow show. Flip attempted to act natural and walk right past the guard, only for it to fail. He then shouted that the others should run while they can, letting them go through as he distracted the guard.
 He appeared again when Bronk, Tori and  Caswell  were discussing forming a  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club  coming down from a tree and asking to join. They let Flip join due to the fact that he used "Number" cards before, but he claimed he doesn't remember what happened back then. After they all split up to look for information on the Numbers and finding nothing he brought them to  Fortuno 's mansion hoping that as a fortune teller, Fortuno would help them. As Fortuno effortlessly predicted the details of their quest, Bronk asked him if this was the hidden side to fortune telling, to which he replied there was no hidden side to it. He, along with the others there, fell through the floor (excluding  Cathy ) and were left stranded in a pit of lava on a small pedestal of rock.
 He cheered Yuma on throughout the Duel after he arrived to rescue his friends, watching through a portal in the room. He witnessed  Astral  appear as the duo obtained the power of  Chaos Xyz Evolution . Once Yuma won the Duel, the Augmented Reality disappeared, revealing they had all been standing on a table in a normal room all along. Flip and the rest came to congratulate Astral and Yuma (more so the former) and thanked them for saving the group.
 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 Later, Flip entered the  World Duel Carnival , [4]  but separated from Yuma and the others. He hid in a tree to try and analyze the other Duelists, but accidentally slept through the whole first day of the preliminaries. After realizing that it was the second day already and most of the Duelists left are strong, he then decided to get  Heart Pieces  using his "tricky ideas". He tricked others into trading their Heart Pieces for sweets that looked like Heart Pieces that quickly melted, one of his victims being  Spencer . He decided to use one of his sweets to complete a perfect Heart, but it was later discovered by  Dextra  and  Nistro , who forced him to lick the Heart Piece until it melted and were about to disqualify him from the tournament, when Yuma appeared to defend him, Dueling in his place. [5] 
 When Yuma eventually won the Duel, he was overjoyed and he started to cry until his victims found him and demanded their Heart Pieces back. Flip then ran away, but the angry people caught up to him and they took their Heart Pieces back. After that, Flip lost his last Heart Piece, which disqualified him from the tournament. [6] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 He then watched the tournament continue from the stands. [7]  After Faker's defeat, he alongside the rest of his friends watched the Duel between Yuma and  Kite . [8] [9] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Barian Invasion 
 Caswell ,  Bronk ,  Cathy  and Flip were Dueling at the school when  Fender  interrupted them. Fender beat the four of them off-screen. Flip cheered for Yuma during his Duel with Fender. [10] [11] 
 Later at school,  Shark  was asked by Bronk to Duel him, who trying to gain his blessings to date  Rio , but Shark declined since he was no match for him. He also added that Bronk wasn't even at Yuma's level, causing Bronk to jump to the conclusion that Rio was with Yuma. Flip and Caswell overheard this and spread a rumor around the school. Oblivious to the rumor, an angry Rio challenged Shark to a Duel. During the Duel, Shark was able to counter every strategy Rio played and voiced little faith in Rio's confidence as a Duelist. While Shark was proud that Rio was able to gain courage, he proclaimed that she still has a long way to go if she wanted to beat him and defeated Rio with his " Shark Caesar ". Afterwards, Shark learned the rumor from Rio and cleared up the misunderstanding, clarifying that he wasn't the one spreading the rumor. Caswell and Flip are then chased down by Rio. [12] 
 During the  Heartland Academy  Festival, Flip is once more seen scamming other students, selling false tickets to a  Scarlett Starling  concert.  Carlyle Chesterton  caught him, as Flip's booth was not registered. [13] 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 Flip showed Yuma and friends the memorial that he built at the seafront to pay his respects for Astral who had disappeared.  [14]  Some time after Yuma left for the Astral World, Flip obtained a  Barian "Number" card  off-screen. He kept quiet about it in front of his friends until  Quattro  asked him and the Number Club if they picked up any odd-looking "Numbers". After Flip showed the card to the others, Quattro and Bronk berated him for having it; he responded that he obtained the card so that he could help Yuma.  Mr. Heartland  appeared before them and revealed that those with strong emotions, amplified by the fake "Numbers" scattered around the world by  Don Thousand , will be sacrificed to the  Barian World . At this point, a  Barian Emblem  appeared on Flip's forehead and Flip was sacrificed to the Barian World, like many people before him. [15] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Flip was revived after  Nash  was defeated by Yuma, appearing behind Tori after she and Yuma returned to Earth. [16] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Main article:  Tokunosuke Hyori (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Tokunosuke Omoteura (D Team) 
 Deck 
 Past 
 In the past, its unknown what type of Deck Flip played, but three cards were shown, all of which caused  hands  to be  revealed , reflecting the trusting nature he had at the time. 
 
 
 Past Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ceremonial Bell 
 Mind on Air Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Respect Play 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Flip uses an  Anti-Xyz Deck  featuring  Zombie - Type   Flip Effect Monsters . He takes advantage of the opponent's monsters by taking  control  of them, often handing out " Baby Tiragon " cards to opponents before Duels in order to aide in this. 
 
 
 Anti-Xyz Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Chewbone 
 Chewbone Jr.  x3 
 Flipangutan 
 Porcupine Fish Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Flip 
 Book of Taiyou [Notes 1] 
 Burden of the Mighty [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Dark Shrine Bribery [Notes 1] 
 Traitor Fog 
 Ultra C 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 School bully 
 6 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 School bully 
 6 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 5 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 5 - 6 
 Lose
 
 
 Fender 
 74 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Reginald Kastle 
 81 
 Lose (with  Caswell Francis ;  Skydiving Field )
 
 
 Tori Meadows  and  Cathy Katherine 
 81 
 Win (with  Caswell Francis ;  Tennis Field )
 
 
 Rio Kastle  and  Bronk Stone 
 81 
 Lose (with  Caswell Francis ;  Hyakun Isshu Field )
 
 Trivia 
 The fact that Flip gives his opponents the " Baby Tiragon " card to benefit off of them Summoning it is yet another similarity that Flip shares with  Weevil Underwood . 
 His habit of saying "ura" (short for "uragiri" - betrayal in Japanese) could be related to his attitude. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png .   
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Characters" .  http://nicktoons.nick.com/ .  http://nicktoons.nick.com/shows/yu-gi-oh-zexal/characters/flip-turner.html . Retrieved April 16, 2013 . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 37: " Double Jeopardy: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 38: " Double Jeopardy: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 116: " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 122: " Assimilation, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card is shown as he rebuilds his Deck in  episode 26 . 
 
 
 v e 
Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Flip-lrg.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20201116121836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/Tokunosukedisguise.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110515155833', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Zexal6epi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110517200753', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/YoungFlip.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160114033952']
Categories: Characters, Flip Turner pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters