Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_Sun_Dragon_Ra_(character)


 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 
 
 
 English name 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 The Winged God Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 Other names  
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ラーの 翼 神 竜 ラーの翼神竜 ラーのよくしんりゅう Rōmaji: ( Rā no Yokushinryū ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 The Sun Dragon Ra , known as  The Winged God Dragon of Ra  (ラーの 翼 神 竜   Rā no Yokushinryū ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . It is one of most powerful monster spirits, the  Egyptian Gods . Its corresponding  Duel Monsters  card is " The Sun Dragon Ra ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Project R.A. 
 2.4   Memory World 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Ra is a giant golden dragon that appears to be composed of or covered in golden metal. It has a saurian posture and bird-like features; its head and neck are sculpted to resemble that of a bird of prey, with feather-like ornaments on each side of its head and at the elbows, and a jagged cone surrounding its neck. Its wings have the appearance of being feathered. Ra has a large arch connecting its shoulder pauldrons that is where its "Blaze Cannon" attack is generated before being channeled to its mouth through the feather-like ornaments on its head. Prior to being Summoned during  Dark Marik 's Duel with  Mai Kujaku , Ra was obscured by golden light and black flame when Summoned during  Jonouchi 's Duel with  Rishid , or partially shadowed when seen outside of a Duel. During  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World , Ra's beak is toothless and more bird-like in shape and its tail is thinner. 
 In Ra's Sphere Mode it appears as an orb of golden metal that unfolds into its Battle Mode. In its Phoenix Mode Ra becomes a giant flaming bird with its wings and head shaped in a similar manner to its Battle Mode.
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Ra is one of the three  Egyptian Gods , along with  The God of the Obelisk  and  Slifer the Sky Dragon . These monsters were only capable of being summoned by the pharaoh.
 
 Battle City 
 3000 years later,  Maximillion J. Pegasus  created cards depicting the three Egyptian Gods, for his game  Duel Monsters . [1]  Pegasus was unable to decipher the hidden powers of Ra, which were wrote in Hieratic text, so he transcribed the Hieratic text onto the card. This text was only visible in the light emitted from Ra' and had to be recited in order to Summon " The Sun Dragon Ra ". [2] 
 The souls of the Gods came to dwell in the cards, making them powerful weapons. On realizing this, Pegasus regarded their creation as one of his greatest mistakes. He tried to destroy the God Cards, but could not bring himself to do it, so he had the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities bury the cards in different locations in the  Valley of the Kings . The  Ghouls  managed to steal the " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and "The Sun Dragon Ra" cards. However the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities was able to prevent them finding the card, " The God of the Obelisk ".  Ishizu Ishtar , from the council, later gave it to  Seto Kaiba , so that he would host the  Battle City  tournament to retrieve the other two. [1] 
 The leader of the Ghouls,  Marik Ishtar  entered the  Battle City  tournament with the "Slifer" and "Ra" God cards.
 Rishid , posing as Marik, Dueled  Katsuya Jonouchi  in the quarter finals. Towards the end of the Duel, Jonouchi expressed disbelief that his opponent was Marik. Marik then tried to create some false proof by having Rishid Summon "The Sun Dragon Ra". He believed Rishid would be capable of Summoning it. However the card was a  counterfeit  and this angered the real Ra, who smote the Dueling arena with lightning, hitting both Duelists.
 During  Mai Kujaku  and  Dark Marik 's quarter final Duel, Mai took "The Sun Dragon Ra" using the effect of " Amazoness Chain Master ". [3]  However when she Summoned Ra, it appeared in its Sphere Mode. Unable to read the Hieratic text, Mai could not Summon it. On his next turn, Dark Marik recited the inscription and Summoned Ra to his side of the field. [2]  He prepared to attack Mai, who was held still by his torture cards. The nature of the  Shadow Game , meant that this attack would kill Mai. However as Jonouchi tried to free her, Dark Yugi stood between them and Ra and took its blast on his back, preventing Mai from dying. [4] [5]  Kaiba used satellites to get images of the Hieratic text and was surprised to find that he was able to read them.
 In the night, Dark Bakura, with the help of Marik, Dueled Dark Marik. However Dark Marik defeated them with Ra's  One Turn Kill  ability.
 During the semi final Duel between Jonouchi and Dark Marik, Dark Marik  Special Summoned  "The Sun Dragon Ra". Since he did not  Sacrifice  any monsters, its  ATK  and  DEF  became 0. However Dark Marik converted Ra to its  Egyptian God Phoenix  form and destroyed Joey's monsters. This inflicted immense pain on Joey, which Dark Marik did not expect him to withstand. Joey did manage to stay standing after the attack, but collapsed during his turn before he was able to finish the Duel.
 Dark Marik  and  Dark Yugi  Dueled in the finals. Dark Marik demonstrated the rest of Ra's abilities. Yugi tried to destroy it several times, albeit unsuccessfully. He first tried to defeat "Ra" with " Devil's Sanctuary ", but Marik played " De-Fusion " to negate the attack of "Ra" and boost his Life Points. Yugi also tried to use " Soul Taker " to  sacrifice  Marik's " God Slime " to bring Yugi's "Obelisk" to  ∞  ATK, but "Ra" was immune to the effect of "Obelisk". He was ultimately defeated when Yugi played " Dimension Magic ".
 
 Project R.A. 
 Dark Yugi attempted to Summon Ra to destroy " The Wicked Dreadroot " while Dueling the  Yako -possessed  Gekko Tenma , but Yako used " The Selection " to negate the Summoning of the Egyptian God. Ra briefly appeared before being destroyed by the card. " The Wicked Avatar " was stated several times to have power that was at least equal to that of Ra.
 
 Memory World 
       Ra defeats  Diabound  prior to the time reversal.     
 When Dark Yugi entered the  Memory World , he relived some of his life as Pharaoh Atem, and fought the battle against  Bakura, King of Thieves , in which he summoned Slifer, again. [6]  This time after Slifer was defeated by  Diabound ,  Yugi  and his friends arrived on the scene and Yugi was able to lend Atem strength, allowing him to Summon Ra and defeat Diabound. However,  Dark Bakura  at the  Shadow RPG  table used an  Hourglass Token  to reverse time. This time, Dark Bakura distracted Yugi, so that he would not reach Atem and Ra was not summoned.
 
       Atem summons  Obelisk ,  Slifer  and Ra before fusing them into  Horakhty .     
 Upon relearning his name, Atem was able to summon the three Gods from the cards in Yugi's Deck and combine them into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [7] 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 88: " The Lost Cards " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 163: " The Rise of Ra! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 161: " The Unbreakable Duelist " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 164: " The Depths of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 165: " The Future is Now " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 25: " To Pierce the Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 219: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/The_Winged_Dragon_of_Ra_-_manga_character.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141124001109', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/MW-026_God_Phoenix.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20121111234414', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Obelisk%2C_Slifer_and_Ra_Summoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20170813182718']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters