Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Butterspy


 
 Butterspy 
 幻蝶の刺客 「 げんちょうのしきゃく 」  ( Genchō no Shikyaku ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Swallowtail Butterspy " and " Blue Mountain Butterspy ", in the artwork of " Butterspy Courage ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Phantom Butterfly Assassin 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Espillon 
 
 
 German 
 Spionling 
 
 
 Italian 
 Farfallospia 
 
 
 Korean 
 환접의 자객 幻蝶? 刺客   (Hanja)   Hwanjeob-ui Jagaek   (romanized) Translation:  Phantom Butterfly Assassin 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Borbolespiã 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Maripospía 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Galactic Overlord 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Number Hunters War of the Giants: Round 2 War of the Giants Reinforcements 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Collectors Pack: ZEXAL Version 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Butterspy ", known as " Phantom Butterfly Assassin " ( 幻 蝶 の 刺 客   Genchō no Shikyaku  or 환접의 자객  Hwanjeob-ui Jagaeg ) in Japan or Korea, is an  archetype  of  Level  4  female   DARK   Warrior   monsters  used by  Dextra  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Chaos Butterspy 
 4   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Butterspy 
 Origin
 
 
 Blue Mountain 
 Ulysses 
 
 
 Morpho 
 Morpho 
 
 
 Swallowtail 
 Swallowtail 
 
 Playing style 
 The Deck’s playing style consists of using many strategies to manipulate and weaken enemy's monsters, mainly by changing their  Battle Positions  and decreasing the opponent's  monsters  stats as well as keeping your  LP  safe and maintaining field control by activating spells and traps to change the battle position either on your/opponent's turn. Another way in keeping your LP safe would be through  Special Summoning  monsters from your Deck when one is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard.
 With " Moonlit Papillon " being the main searcher of the Deck, you are able to Special Summon any type of "Butterspy" monster from your Deck. " Morpho Butterspy " has its effect only activate when a monster's battle position is changed to either  Attack Position  or  Defense Position  which allows you to target that monster thus having it lose 1000 ATK or DEF which would come in very handy by activating  " Enemy Controller ", " Butterflyoke " and many other battle changing cards. That would give you the upper hand against monsters with high attack or defense. Also protecting your LP. With " Swallowtail Butterspy ", you can target a monster on the field and lower its attack depending on how many LP you have inflicted on your opponent. To get full use of her effect, you can play " Infected Mail " which would be proven useful. But its only an option. " Blue Mountain Butterspy " serves as a " Kagetokage " for the theme, helping it to Xyz quickly into the needed Xyz Monster like " Photon Papilloperative " and " Photon Alexandra Queen ".
 
 Chaos Butterspy 
 One of the best and easiest ways to run this Deck is to splash in "Chaos" cards, as most of the archetype is  DARK . " Morpho Butterspy ", " Swallowtail Butterspy " and " Blue Mountain Butterspy " are DARK while " Moonlit Papillon " is  LIGHT . Additionally, playing cards like " Thunder King Rai-Oh " can really mess up your opponent's plays.
 The main purpose is to maintain field control while your monsters are sent to the grave and then Special Summoning monsters from your Deck through their effects also getting either " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " or " Chaos Sorcerer " out on the field and keeping your opponent's monsters off the field as well as protecting your LP through changing battle positions. A good card to help start everything off would be " Howling Insect ". Despite the fact its an  EARTH  monster, it can be used as a searcher to help get "Moonlit Papllion" on the field after its destroyed by battle. Then, when its destroyed as well, you can search for a "Butterspy" monster and then Special Summon it. This can be helpful since you are able to  Xyz Summon  a monster at a much faster rate. You can also run " Effect Veiler " to keep your opponent's monsters effects from extending their plays or disrupting yours.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Mountain Butterspy 
 Morpho Butterspy 
 Swallowtail Butterspy 
 Moonlit Papillon 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Goblindbergh 
 Thunder King Rai-Oh 
 Effect Veiler 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Summoner Monk 
 Howling Insect 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Shining Angel  (Light-Attribute substitute for "Howling Insect") 
 Electromagnetic Turtle Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Photon Papilloperative 
 Photon Alexandra Queen 
 Night Papilloperative 
 Number 103: Ragnazero 
 Heroic Champion - Excalibur 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Enemy Controller 
 Share the Pain 
 Shrink 
 Mini-Guts 
 Berserk Scales 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Butterflyoke 
 Butterspy Protection 
 Windstorm of Etaqua 
 Memory Loss 
 Kunai with Chain 
 Changing Destiny 
 v e 
 Butterfly  cards 
 v e 
" Butterfly " 「 蝶 」 a   Members 
 Bewitching Butterfly Blue Mountain Butterspy Butterfly Ballet Butterfly Charm Butterfly Dagger - Elma Butterfly Mist Butterfly Swarm Butterspy Courage Butterspy Protection Dance of the Butterspy Flower Cardian Boardefly Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly Lunalight Purple Butterfly Morpho Butterspy Poison Butterfly Swallowtail Butterspy 
 Support 
 Butterfly Ballet Butterfly Mist 
 Related 
 Parasite Caterpillar 
 
   
" Butterspy " 「 幻 蝶 の 刺 客 」 Members 
 Blue Mountain Butterspy Morpho Butterspy Swallowtail Butterspy 
 Support 
 Moonlit Papillon Photon Alexandra Queen 
 Related 
 Night Papilloperative Photon Papilloperative 
 Butterflyoke Butterspy Protection 
 
 v e 
" Butterspy " 「 幻 蝶 の 刺 客 」 a   Members 
 Blue Mountain Butterspy Morpho Butterspy Swallowtail Butterspy 
 Support 
 Dance of the Butterspy Moonlit Papillon 
 Related 
 Night Papilloperative Photon Alexandra Queen Photon Papilloperative 
 
 v e 
" Phantom Butterfly " 「 幻 蝶 」 a   Members 
 Blue Mountain Butterspy Butterfly Charm Butterspy Courage Butterspy Protection Morpho Butterspy Swallowtail Butterspy 
 Support 
 Butterspy Courage 
 Related 
 Moonlit Papillon 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Butterspy.png/revision/latest?cb=20130519114751']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes