Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Meklord


 
 Meklord 
 機皇 「 きこう 」  ( Kikō ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Meklord Astro Mekanikle " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Machine Imperial 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Meklord 
 
 
 German 
 Meklord 
 
 
 Italian 
 Meklord 
 
 
 Korean 
 기황 機皇   (Hanja)   Gihwang   (romanized) Translation:  Machine Imperial 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Senhormek 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Meklord 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Extreme Victory 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship Qualifier National Championships 2011 prize cards Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Legendary Duelists: Rage of Ra 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Weekly Shōnen Jump promotional cards V Jump promotional cards The Valuable Book 13 promotional cards Shonen Jump promotional cards Duelist Pack: Duelists of Gloom 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 "Meklord" , known as  "Machine Imperial"  ( 機 皇   Kikō ) in the  OCG  and anime up until  episode 103 , are an anti- Synchro   archetype  used by the three main villains of the third arc of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime: the  Three Pure Nobles  and their combined form,  Aporia . The archetype is split into several groups: " Meklord Emperor ", " Meklord Astro ", and " Meklord Army ". The component pieces of the "Meklord Emperors" are also represented in the " Wisel ", " Skiel ", " Granel " and " Attack " archetypes.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Play style 
 3   Deck types 
 
 3.1   Mainstream Meklord 
 3.2   Scrap Meklord 
 3.3   Mekuri Army 
 
 
 4   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Main articles:  Meklord Emperor  and  Meklord Army 
 The "Meklord Emperors" and "Meklord Astros" have their colors representing material. " Wisel " is silver, " Skiel " is sapphire and " Granel " is gold, " Mekanikle " is platinum, and " Asterisk " and " Triskelion " are amalgams of the three previous "Meklord Emperors".
 The first three "Meklord Emperors" have been released as stand-alone cards, albeit with their whole form in a single card instead of 5. They retain their  Synchro  stealing  effect , and "Wisel" and "Skiel" are the only  monsters  that can  attack  whilst on the field. "Granel", though, still allows other monsters to attack. However, instead of having to  destroy  a Core monster, they are Summoned when  any  monster is destroyed by a card effect, making them highly splashable. Additionally, "Wisel" has the ability to negate  Spell Cards , "Granel" can  Special Summon  the Synchro Monsters  equipped  by its effect and "Skiel" is able to attack  directly  by  sending  an equipped monster to the  Graveyard . "Meklord Astro Mekanikle", "Meklord Emperor Wisel" and "Meklord Emperor Granel" are  V Jump Promotional Card . The " Meklord Army ", weaker incarnations of the "Meklord Emperors" used by  Aporia , as well as " Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk ", and other support cards for this archetype were released in  Extreme Victory , alongisde "Meklord Emperor Skiel" in the set's TCG release.
 
 Play style 
 This archetype focuses on taking advantage of the opponent's  Synchro Monsters  and destroying other monsters you  control  in order to  Special Summon  the "Meklord Emperors". These monsters are compatible with virtually any  Deck  and can stand alone despite the lack of Synchro Monsters on the field. The low  Levels  of " Meklord Emperors " allow them to work around Level restricting Spell and  Trap Cards . Since the release of  Extreme Victory  there are a number of support cards that will help you bring out your "Meklord Emperors", such as " Mektimed Blast ". You should keep many " Meklord Army " cards in your deck. Use cards such as " Gold Sarcophagus " to add "Meklord Emperors" to your hand.
 While the Meklord engine focuses mostly on self-destruction by card effects in order to Special Summon the Meklord Emperors, this approach is rather unpractical in the current day, as with the development of the  Xyz ,  Fusion  and  Pendulum Summon  mechanics, the effectiveness of the Meklord Emperors is significantly reduced. While  Meklord Emperor Granel  can reach high ATK values, its best use comes in the early game, which is often difficult to accomplish.  Meklord Emperor Skiel  has low ATK values and a situational effect.  Meklord Emperor Wisel  is the most useful with its ability to negate Spell Cards and with decent ATK and DEF values, but not sufficiently powerful. The latter two also prevent the controller's other monsters from attacking.
 Instead the Meklord Army offer more stable and faster plays, many of them related to battle.  Meklord Army of Granel  can halve the ATK of an opponent's monster upon being Normal Summoned.  Meklord Army of Wisel  can enable  piercing  damage, while  Meklord Army of Skiel  is capable of  floating . While themselves they may not be as impressive, their stats and type can enable some outsourcing. For example one can employ  Machina Gearframe  and  Machina Fortress  as is common in many Machine Decks. Both "Gearframe" and "Army of Wisel" possess 0 DEF, which makes them an excellent niche for  Masked Chameleon  enabling both Rank 4 plays and ironically, Synchro plays as well. Through "Army of Skiel" one can maintain field presence and on the next turn Xyz Summon cards such as  Gear Gigant X  to search for more monsters, or just any Rank 4 that can be needed.
 In order to fuel this strategy, some cards like  Chaos Infinity  are recommended and easily used. Chaos Infinity can combo well with the Karakuri monsters and their Battle Position effects. The Field Spell  Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress  is another good asset to perform swarming. A good idea is to Normal Summon "Army of Granel" and then use the effect of "Fortissimo" ensuring the weakening of the opponent's monster and fueling one's offensive even further. 
 Other options that can combo well with some of the cards mentioned are  Speedroid Menko ,  Heroic Challenger - Assault Halberd ,  Red Resonator , and the more situational  Black Salvo . "Menko" and "Assault Halberd" can work very well with "Chaos Infinity". The former can set the condition needed for "Chaos Infinity", while the latter can simply Special Summon it by its own effect, then one simply needs to set a monster. Finally activate "Chaos Infinity" and it will yield the grand total of 3 monsters at once (4 if one can use "Fortissimo") enabling a powerful offensive. Several Karakuri monsters can also work well with these monsters and the aforementioned cards.  Iron Call  is also an excellent choice.
 Another less orthodox idea is to use  Jumbo Drill . By using its effect (provided another Level 4 Machine is on the field) it can increase the Level of all Machine monsters by 1, enabling Rank 5 plays including  Cyber Dragon Nova  and subsequently the powerful  Cyber Dragon Infinity . This can be easily achieved through "Fortissimo" and to an extent "Chaos Infinity" and also "Army of Skiel". If only one cares about the boss monsters,  The Resolute Meklord Army  is another option to maintain field, and fuel the "Jumbo Drill" strategy.
 Overall a Meklord Deck can work much more efficiently and faster by focusing on the "Meklord Army" monsters and combo straightforward swarm maneuvers, utilizing external support and the Deck's own abilities.
 
 Deck types 
 Mainstream Meklord 
This deck focuses on the usual Meklord tactic of destroying one's monsters by card effects in order to Special Summon the Meklord Emperors. 
 Deck Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Meklord Emperor Granel 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Meklord Emperor Skiel 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption 
 Meklord Army of Granel 
 Meklord Army of Wisel 
 Meklord Army of Skiel 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato 
 Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk 
 Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion 
 Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor 
 Opti-Camouflage Armor 
 Limiter Removal 
 Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress 
 Meklord Assembly 
 Meklord Deflection 
 Meklord Fortress 
 Reboot 
 Machine Assembly Line 
 Supply Squad 
 Traps 
 Mektimed Blast 
 Chaos Infinity 
 Meklord Astro the Eradicator 
 Meklord Factory 
 Destruct Potion 
 Scrap Meklord 
 This deck makes use of the "Scrap" monster's self-destructing effects to Special Summon your "Meklord Emperors" and steal Synchro Monsters or tribute them for "Scrap Dragon".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Scrap Chimera 
 Scrap Orthros 
 Scrap Beast 
 Scrap Goblin 
 Scrap Golem 
 Scrap Kong 
 Scrap Breaker 
 Scrap Hunter 
 Meklord Emperor Granel 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Scrap Twin Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend 
 T.G. Hyper Librarian 
 Ally of Justice Catastor Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Scrap Factory 
 Scrapyard 
 Scrapstorm 
 Foolish Burial 
 Supply Squad 
 Traps 
 Needle Ceiling 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Mekuri Army 
 This deck uses the effect of many Karakuri and Meklord army monsters to create an OTK.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Meklord Army of Granel 
 Meklord Army of Wisel 
 Meklord Army of Skiel 
 Karakuri Komachi mdl 224 "Ninishi" 
 Karakuri Soldier mdl 236 "Nisamu" 
 Karakuri Strategist mdl 248 "Nishipachi" 
 Karakuri Watchdog mdl 313 "Saizan" Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei" 
 Karakuri Steel Shogun mdl 00X "Bureido" 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress 
 Machine Duplication 
 Supply Squad 
 Traps 
 Chaos Infinity 
 Starlight Road 
 Weaknesses 
 A "Meklord" Deck is suited to combat  Synchro Monsters  and thus does not work well against players who do not depend on Synchro Monsters. 
 A Meklord Emperor Deck can have extreme problems when against decks that favor  Bouncing  as a form of removal, such as the " Timelord " duo or " Scrap " decks featuring " Scrap Twin Dragon ," because of their effects. Bouncing enough of the "Emperors" can result in a hand full of un-usable  Nomis  without expendable monsters to self-destruct for their summon (though  Meklord Astro Mekanikle  helps mitigate this scenario). 
 Any of the myriad of anti- Machine  mass-removal cards such as " System Down ", " Magnetic Mosquito " and " Acid Rain " can be utilized against these monsters. 
 Since all Meklord monsters are Machines, they can be used as  Fusion Material Monsters  along with " Cyber Dragon " to Summon " Chimeratech Fortress Dragon " by  Contact Fusion . 
 This archetype has trouble building a strong offensive line, since controlling more than one "Meklord Emperor Skiel" or "Meklord Emperor Wisel"– the two strongest  Level 1 Monster Cards  and the archetype's best fighters– prevents monsters their owner controls from attacking. 
 v e 
 Meklord  cards 
   
" Meklord " 「 機 皇 」 Members 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Assembly Meklord Astro the Eradicator Meklord Deflection Meklord Factory Meklord Fortress The Resolute Meklord Army 
 Support 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Chaos Infinity Meklord Assembly Meklord Astro the Eradicator Meklord Deflection Meklord Factory Mektimed Blast Reboot 
 
 v e 
" Meklord " 「 機 皇 」 a   Members 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Creation Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Support 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Chaos Infinity Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk 
 
   
" Meklord Emperor " 「 機 皇 帝 」 Members 
 Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor 
 Support 
 Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Meklord Fortress 
 
 v e 
" Meklord Emperor " 「 機 皇 帝 」 a   Members 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Support 
 Attack Cannon Granel Guard Granel Guard 3 Infinity Wall 
 Related 
 Grand Core Sky Core Wise Core 
 
   
" Meklord Army " 「 機 皇 兵 」 Members 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel 
 The Resolute Meklord Army 
 Support 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Skiel 
 Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress Meklord Factory The Resolute Meklord Army 
 
   
" Meklord Astro " 「 機 皇 神 」 Members 
 Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 Meklord Astro the Eradicator 
 Support 
 Meklord Astro the Eradicator 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/MeklordAstroMekanikle-DG-EN-VG-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150228231205']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes