Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_048


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 048 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 遊戯苦戦　ゴッドオーガスの猛攻 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yūgi Kusen Gōdo Ōgasu no Mōkō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 (Yugi's Tough Battle - God Orgoth's Fierce Assault) 
 
 
 English 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 048 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 27, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 9, 2002 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " V O I C E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Energizing Shower 元気のシャワー" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Masahiko Watanabe 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoyuki Kuzuya 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Aki Tsunaki 
 
 
 Art director 
 Nobuto Sakamoto 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " 
 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 
 
 
  Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 , known as  Yugi's Tough Battle - God Orguss' Fierce Assault , is the forty-eighth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! . It aired in Japan on March 27, 2001 and in the US on November 9, 2002.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels: Duke Devlin vs. Yami Yugi, Part 2 
 3   Errors 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Differences In Adaptations 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yami Yugi  is in bad shape, having already lost one of his three Heart Points. If  Duke 's monsters aren't stopped, he'll be able to close in and attack the last two hearts, winning the game next turn. That means that he'll have to surrender his title of "King of Games" to Duke, never duel again, and abandon Joey to a week of servitude and humiliation at Duke's feet. Yami turns to the Help Screen provided to him, and he locates the information about his most recent monster, " Thunder Ball ". He sees that it has a powerful effect, but he'll need a good roll to make it work. With all his will, he rolls his next three dice, and he sees that not only do two of the dice bear Magic Crests, but they also each have "x2" multipliers, so Yami gains 4 Magic Crests. With these, he casts "Thunder Ball's" ability twice, each time allowing "Thunder Ball" to propel itself in a straight line until it collides with one one Duke's monsters, destroying the target. With two resounding crashes, Yami destroys the two most imminent threats to his Heart Points.
 Duke grudgingly continues the game. He makes no progress on his next turn, but he knows he has to win. He explains to the others that he worked hard to design  Dungeon Dice Monsters  to be a great game. He sent a description of the game to  Maximillion Pegasus , hoping that  Industrial Illusions  could help sell his game. He was thrilled when he got the response that Pegasus wanted to try out the game himself. Duke flew out to Pegasus'  Duelist Kingdom  island just before the tournament began, and he was shocked when Pegasus proceeded to defeat him in their test run, summoning monsters and defeating Duke with ease. But the defeat was worth it because Pegasus enjoyed the game so much, he agreed to have Industrial Illusions produce Dungeon Dice Monsters. With assurances that the contract could be settled after the tournament was over, Duke returned to the mainland satisfied. But his dream is now shattered, because after that tournament, Pegasus has dropped off the face of the earth -- no answers, no contract, nothing. In the English version, Duke accuses Yami of cheating, saying that nobody could beat Pegasus in a fair fight, given Pegasus' obvious skill, and Duke's victory will expose Yami's cheating ways. In the Japanese version, Otogi holds Yami responsible for devastating Pegasus and ruining his dream. Either way, Duke is bent on using whatever power it takes to defeat Yami here and now.
 Yami isn't giving up, though, and on his next turn, he manages to gather the dice for a low-level summon. It works, but Duke taunts his new monster, which has been placed so far to the side of the playing field that it's no threat to Duke at all. But on his next turn, Duke brings the fight to Yami by summoning a monster in the same portion of the field, using enough Progress Crests to target Yami's monster in battle. A power-up effect on Duke's monster guarantees a win for Duke, and Yami quickly turns to the Help Screen. Moments before the attack connects, Yami orders his Knight to switch into Defense Mode. When any monster is targeted in battle, one has the option of spending a Defense Crest from the Crest Pool. If so, the damage to the target's Hit Points is reduced by the value of the target's Defense Points. This still results in a loss of HP for Yami's monster, but it survives, and Duke seethes seeing Yami analyzing his game so quickly. On Yami's next turn, he activates his Knight's ability for a double attack that the "Battle Ox" cannot withstand. The target is destroyed, winning another round for Yami.
 But Duke only laughs, because his last move did more than summon a new monster. He points out the red squares made by his summoned dice unfolding. The chain of end-to-end squares reached all the way from Duke's end of the field to Yami's end, and including the squares from Battle Ox's die, the path reaches from field's left side to the right. The trick is that Yami's blue squares can only be built out from existing blue squares, and they cannot cross Duke's path. Yami is now trapped with only two small portions of the field in which to summon monsters, while Duke has plenty of space. If all of Yami's monsters get destroyed and he has no more space to summon new ones, it will literally be impossible for him to block Duke's attacks on his Heart Points.
 The threat gets worse when Duke starts his next turn, and holds out one of the dice -- a black one. This is a rare die with  a special capability, and Duke's roll wins a summon with this die. He summons it on a square near his end and his monsters, and it reveals not another monster, but a swirling vortex. Duke explains that a black die can summon a "Warp Vortex", and when two of these are in play, a monster that enters one vortex will teleport to the other one. Furthermore, Duke's pathway reaches so far into Yami's side of the field that one more Warp Vortex in that spot will let Duke move his monsters to charge at Yami's Heart Points with very little effort. Yami tries to prepare for it, and he uses some of his precious remaining space to summon the upper-level monster, " Strike Ninja ". Then it's Duke's turn again, and he gloats to see that he's got the second black die already. With a vengeance, he rolls... but he doesn't get the summon.
 Then it's Yami's turn again, and with a shock, he gets an idea. Smiling, he shows Duke his newest opportunity -- a black die of his own. He rolls, and the summon works. Yami summons a "Warp Vortex" and sends his "Strike Ninja" to it immediately. This monster has the power to move three times as quickly as a regular one, and with the power of the "Vortex", it reappears deep in the heart of Duke's territory. One attack from the ninja wipes out the low-level monster nearest Duke's podium, and Yami ends his turn. Duke is exposed, but his next roll doesn't let him do anything. Yami rolls again, and he gets enough Progress Crests for Strike Ninja to charge the rest of the way and attack. With a burst, one of Duke's Heart Points is gone.
 Duke is now more angry than ever, and he rolls, seeing with a rush that he's gotten a strong summon. He uses it right next to "Strike Ninja", summoning "Orgoth the Relentless", which he claims is his ace monster. He begins this comeback with an ability that taps into his Crest Pool for a permanent power boost to "Orgoth's" ATK. "Orgoth" marches to his victim, and Yami knows that defending won't help against this attack. The giant sword swings down, crashing through with a great explosion. But when the smoke clears, "Strike Ninja" is still standing. Duke is thunderstruck, and Yami explains the latest effect he learned: "Strike Ninja" can draw on Trap Crests to gain the ability to dodge attacks, taking no damage. Duke is now angrier than ever, but he can do nothing as Yami takes his next turn and launches another attack with "Strike Ninja". It hits, putting Duke down to only one Heart Point left.
 Duke takes his turn, and "Orgoth" goes in for another attack. Yami Yugi realizes he has no Trap Crests left, and this time, the slash hits home, wiping out "Strike Ninja". Duke turns to his nemesis, muttering that it was close, and Duke may be one Heart Point behind, but now he has "Orgoth" ready to finish the job. Furthermore, Yami Yugi's recent plays have all but covered his territory -- there aren't as many as three open squares in a row anywhere on his side. Because of this, Duke knows that all he has to do is plow through the three minute monsters Yami Yugi has left, and there'll be nothing to stop him from winning. And with so much on the line, Yami Yugi can't even think about what will happen if he loses.
 
 Featured Duels: Duke Devlin vs. Yami Yugi, Part 2 
 The  Duel  featured in this episode uses  Dungeon Dice Monsters  rules. 
 
 Duel continues from the previous episode. 
 Turn 18: Yugi 
White Dice:  Defense 
 Blue Dice 1:  Magic  X2
 Blue Dice 2: Magic X2
 Total =  Movement : 0  ATK : 4  DEF : 4  Magic : 6  Trap : 2
 Turn: Uses 3  Magic Crests  to  activate  " Thunder Ball 's"  Special Attack  to  destroy  " Blast Lizard " (3 left). He then uses the  Special Attack  again to  attack  " Gator Dragon " (0 left)
 Turn 19: Duke 
Green Dice: Movement X2
 Red Dice: Movement X2
 Red Dice:  Attack  X2
 Total =  Movement : 11  ATK : 2  DEF : 0  Magic : 0  Trap : 0
 Turn: Skips  turn  due to not being able to  summon .
 Turn 20: Yugi 
Blue Dice 1:  Summon  LV2
 Blue Dice 2: Summon LV2 (It appears as a Magic Crest, but  Yugi  mentions it as a  Summon Crest )
 Red Dice: Movement
 Total =  Movement : 1  ATK : 4  DEF : 4  Magic : 0  Trap : 2
 Turn:  Summons  " Knight of Twin Swords " (ATK: 20 /DEF: 10/ HP: 30)
 Turn 21: Duke 
Green Dice: Summon LV2
 Red Dice: Summon LV2
 Red Dice: Movement x2
 Total =  Movement : 13  ATK : 2  DEF : 0  Magic : 0  Trap : 0
 Turn:  Summons  " Battle Ox " (ATK: 20 /DEF: 20 /HP: 20), then moves it up 4 spaces (9 left) and  attacks  " Knight of Twin Swords ". Battle Ox  activates  its  effect  to gain 10  ATK  points while attacking  Warrior - Type   monsters . Unfortunately for  Duke ,  Yugi  uses a  Defense Crest  to block the attack and instead have " Knight of Twin Swords " lose 10 HP (3 left).
 Turn 22: Yugi 
Blue Dice: Attack (It appears as a Defense Crest, but  Yugi  holds it up along with the red die, showing their Attack Crests.)
 White Dice: Summon LV4
 Red Dice: Attack
 Total =  Movement : 1  ATK : 6  DEF : 3  Magic : 0  Trap : 2
 Turn:  Activates  " Knight of Twin Swords '"  effect  by using 2  Attack Crests  (4 left) to  attack  " Battle Ox " twice,  destroying  him
 Turn 23: Duke 
White Dice: Defense
 Red Dice: Summon LV3
 Black Dice: Summon LV3
 Total =  Movement : 9  ATK : 0  DEF : 1  Magic : 0  Trap : 0
 Turn:  Item Summons  a " Warp Vortex "
 Turn 24: Yugi 
Blue Dice: Summon LV3
 Blue Dice: Summon LV3
 Red Dice: Movement
 Total =  Movement : 2  ATK : 4  DEF : 3  Magic : 0  Trap : 2
 Turn:  Summons  " Strike Ninja "
 Turn 25: Duke 
Blue Dice: Movement
 Red Dice: Magic X2
 Black Dice: Trap x2
 Total =  Movement : 10  ATK : 0  DEF : 1  Magic : 2  Trap : 2
 Turn: Skips  turn  due to not being able to  summon .
 Turn 26: Yugi 
Black Dice: Summon LV3
 Blue Dice: Summon LV3
 Red Dice: Movement
 Total =  Movement : 3  ATK : 4  DEF : 3  Magic : 0  Trap : 2
 Turn:  Item Summons  " Warp Vortex " and moves " Strike Ninja " 6 spaces into the " Warp Vortex " using his  effect  to move 3 spaces for each  Movement Crest . He then moves him up several spaces (even though  Yami Yugi  has no more Movement Crest) and  attacks   Ryu-Kishin ,  destroying  it.
 Turn 27: Duke 
Blue Dice: Trap X2
 Red Dice: Attack x2
 Red Dice: Attack
 Total =  Movement : 10  ATK : 3  DEF : 1  Magic : 2  Trap : 4
 Turn: Skips  turn  due to not being able to  summon .
 Turn 28: Yugi 
Blue Dice: Summon LV2
 Blue Dice: Movement
 White Dice: Movement X2
 Total =  Movement : 3  ATK : 3  DEF : 3  Magic : 0  Trap : 2
 Turn: " Strike Ninja " moves up 3 spaces using his  effect  (2 left) and attacks  Duke 's  Heart Point   directly  (2 left) (Duke: 3 → 2 HP)
 Turn 29: Duke 
Blue Dice: Summon LV3
 Red Dice: Defense
 Black Dice: Summon LV3
 Total =  Movement : 10  ATK : 3  DEF : 2  Magic : 2  Trap : 4
 Turn:  Summons  " Orgoth the Relentless " (ATK: 20 /DEF: 20 /HP: 50) and uses 2  Magic Crests  (0 left) to increase its  ATK  to 30 (0 left) and moves him 2 spaces to  attack  " Strike Ninja " (2 left). Unfortunately Yami Yugi  activates  his  effect  to use a  Trap Crest  to  negate  the attack and move him 1 space (1 left).
 Turn 30: Yugi 
Blue Dice: Movement
 Blue Dice: Movement X2
 Blue Dice: Movement x2
 Total =  Movement : 6  ATK : 2  DEF : 3  Magic : 0  Trap : 0
 Turn: " Strike Ninja "  attacks  (2 left)  Duke 's  Heart Point  again (Duke: 2 → 1 HP)
 Turn 31: Duke 
Red Dice: Movement X2
 Red Dice: Magic
 Green Dice: Defense
 Total =  Movement : 10  ATK : 2  DEF : 3  Magic : 1  Trap : 4
 Turn: " Orgoth the Relentless "  attacks  " Strike Ninja " and  destroys  it.
 Duel concludes next episode. 
 
 Errors 
 Yugi's first dice roll in this episode first shows both of the blue dice to have "Magic X2" crests, but the next scene shows them as normal Magic crests. However, Yugi then states that those are the Magic X2 crests when the scene shows him. 
 Yugi's second dice roll shows only one of the two blue dice with a LV 2 Summon crest, but then Yugi states he got two Summon crests and a Movement crest, which was on the only red die, so both blue dice became LV2 Summon crests. 
 Yugi's third hand of dice include a blue, red, and white die. The red one rolls an Attack crest while the blue die shows a Defense crest, but when Yugi holds them up, he shows both of the red and blue dice with Attack crests. 
 Trivia 
 Though Duke continues to accuse Yugi of being a cheater,  he's  the one who fills that role with how unfairly he's been playing, given that he blocked both sides of the field to prevent Yugi from advancing his dungeon path, and then fully explains the rules about how they work. 
 Differences In Adaptations 
 In the dub, every single crest on the die was redesigned and there are several instances where the crests don't match and cause discrepancies  in the game. The original designs are left in in the "Yu-Gi-Oh! Classic" release of the series; that version is also shown on Netflix. 
 In the original,  Jounouchi 's sign says, "Ii zo Yugi," which means "Good going  Yugi !". In the dub, the sign is changed to show a hand-drawn sign of a circle with a line through it over  Duke 's face. 
 In the English anime, after Yami activates Strike Ninja's effect to avoid Orgoth The Relentless' attack, Duke becomes furious and still believes that Yugi cheated to beat Pegasus. In the Japanese anime, Otogi laments that Yugi was able to grasp DDM so quickly and is no longer the amateur he was at the beginning of the game and begins to consider the possibility that Yami defeated Pegasus without tricks but pure talent. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Heart of the Cards " #002 " The Gauntlet is Thrown " #003 " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " #004 " Into the Hornet's Nest " #005 " The Ultimate Great Moth " #006 " First Duel " #007 " Attack from the Deep " #008 " Everything's Relative " #009 " Duel With a Ghoul " #010 " Give up the Ghost " #011 " The Dueling Monkey " #012 " Trial by Red Eyes " #013 " Evil Spirit of the Ring " #014 " The Light at the End of the Tunnel " #015 " Winning Through Intimidation " #016 " The Scars of Defeat " #017 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 1 " #018 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 2 " #019 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 1 " #020 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 2 " #021 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 3 " #022 " Face Off, Part 1 " #023 " Face Off, Part 2 " #024 " Face Off, Part 3 " #025 " Shining Friendship " #026 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 1 " #027 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 2 " #028 " The Night Before " #029 " Duel Identity, Part 1 " #030 " Duel Identity, Part 2 " #031 " Keith's Machinations, Part 1 " #032 " Keith's Machinations, Part 2 " #033 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 1 " #034 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 2 " #035 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 1 " #036 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 2 " #037 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 3 " #038 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 4 " #039 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " #040 " Aftermath " #041 " The Wrath of Rebecca " #042 " The Ties of Friendship " #043 " Legendary Heroes, Part 1 " #044 " Legendary Heroes, Part 2 " #045 " Legendary Heroes, Part 3 " #046 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " #047 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " #048 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 " #049 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/Yugioh048.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140106231224']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes