Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Granel


 
 Granel 
 グランエル  ( Guraneru ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Meklord Emperor Granel ". 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 "Granel"  (グランエル  Guraneru ) is an  archetype  used by by  Jakob  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . It is the largest and strongest of the three  Infinity  monsters, with an attack which would total 3000 when all of its basic parts are combined; however, unlike " Skiel " and " Wisel ", the  main body 's attack power is equal to the user's  LP . Its a golden golem-like giant that has one single red eye. Its individual parts (particularly its " Top ", " Attack " and " Guard " pieces) seem to resemble aquatic fauna such as a fish and a clam, mirroring how the " Wisel " and " Skiel " parts resemble ground-based and flying animals respectively.
 
 Body parts 
 The parts of "Wisel" and "Skiel", "Granel" is comprised of a center, "Top", "Guard", "Carrier" and "Attack".  By the same token, it's able to be Special Summoned via a "Core" monster (" Grand Core "). Like the other " Infinity " monsters, "Granel" is made up of 5 different cards. However, unlike "Wisel" and "Skiel",  all  of Granel's "Top", "Guard", "Carrier" and "Attack" base parts (not including its upgraded parts like " Granel Attack 3 ") have additional special abilities in addition to their "Destroy this card if you do not control an "Infinity" monster" effect. A real life version of these cards (excluding "Meklord Emperor Granel ∞") have been released in a Starter Pack, along with "Wisel" and "Skiel".
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster
 
 Form
 
 
 Grand Core 
 
 "Core" card for Grannel
 
 
 Granel Attack 
 
 Left arm
 
 
 Granel Attack 3 
 
 Upgraded left arm
 
 
 Granel Carrier 
 
 Treads
 
 
 Granel Guard 
 
 Right arm
 
 
 Granel Guard 3 
 
 Upgraded right arm
 
 
 Granel Top 
 
 Head
 
 
 Granel Top 5 
 
 Further upgraded head
 
 
 Meklord Army of Granel 
 
 Downgraded version of Granel Infinity
 
 
 Meklord Emperor Granel 
 
 Body
 
 v e 
" Granel " 「グランエル」 a   Members 
 Granel Attack Granel Attack 3 Granel Carrier Granel Guard Granel Guard 3 Granel Top Granel Top 5 Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Emperor Granel 
 Support 
 Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Related 
 Grand Core Meklord Emperor Creation 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/MeklordEmperorGranel-TF06-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111023221540']
Categories: Archetypes, Anime and manga only archetypes