Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Evil_Eye


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Evil Eye 
 呪眼 「 じゅがん 」  ( Jugan ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Cursed Eye 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Œil Maléfique 
 
 
 German 
 Bösauges 
 
 
 Italian 
 Malocchio 
 
 
 Korean 
 주안 呪眼   (Hanja)   Juan   (romanized) Translation:  Cursed Eye 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Olho Maligno 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Ojo Maligno 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Chaos Impact Eternity Code Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 The Infinity Chasers 2020 Tin of Lost Memories 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Infinity Chasers 20th Secret Rare Challenge Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Evil Eye ", known as " Cursed Eye " ( 呪 眼   Jugan ) in the OCG, is an  archetype  of  DARK   Fiend   monsters  that debuted in  Deck Build Pack: Infinity Chasers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Lore 
 2   Etymology 
 3   Members 
 4   Support 
 5   Playing style 
 6   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Lore 
 Those who have fallen under the spell of the all-consuming "Evil Eye"... 
 " Serziel " and " Medusa " clash over the " Evil Eye of Selene ", which is said to grant great power. "Serziel" overloads the "Evil Eye of Selene" during their battle, and thus is reborn as " Zerrziel ", who begins plotting to take over the world...   [2] 
 
 Etymology 
 The Japanese name may be inspired by the Buddhist concepts of  呪 願 ( ju gan , a type of Buddhist prayer) and 入 眼  ( ju gan  "opening the eyes of a Buddhist statue"). Additionally, the "Watchers of the Evil Eye" are also titled 死徒 ( Shito ), a blend of 死 ( shi  "death") and 使徒 ( shito  "disciple").
 The  TCG  name, Evil Eye, comes from a curse or legend believed to be cast by a malevolent glare, usually given to a person when they are unaware. Many cultures believe that receiving the evil eye will cause misfortune or injury. Talismans created to protect against the evil eye are also frequently called "evil eyes".
 Evil Eye is also one of the subcategories of  Chūnibyō  culture, which is the delusion of gaining special powers through a certain medium (i.e. an "evil eye").
 Evil Eye Monsters are named after legends or myths that involve the eye.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Origin
 
 
 Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye 
 Basilisk 
 
 
 Basiltrice, Familiar of the Evil Eye 
 Basilisk  +  Cockatrice 
 
 
 Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye 
 Catoblepas 
 
 
 Gorgon, Empress of the Evil Eyed 
 Gorgon 
 
 
 Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye 
 Medusa 
 
 
 Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye 
 Sariel 
 
 
 Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed 
 Zerachiel 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Evil Eye Awakening 
 Awakening 
 
 
 Evil Eye Confrontation 
 Confrontation 
 
 
 Evil Eye Defeat 
 Defeat 
 
 
 Evil Eye Domain - Pareidolia 
 Pareidolia 
 
 
 Evil Eye of Gorgoneio 
 Gorgoneion 
 
 
 Evil Eye Mesmerism 
 Mesmerism 
 
 
 Evil Eye Repose 
 Repose 
 
 
 Evil Eye Resurrection 
 Resurrection 
 
 
 Evil Eye Retribution 
 Retribution 
 
 
 Evil Eye of Selene 
 Selene 
 
 Playing style 
 The deck focuses on field control by using the Quick-Effect abilities of Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye and Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye while they're each equipped with the equip card Evil Eye of Selene. Evil Eye of Selene is the main card of the deck which grants attack point increase and protection to any Evil Eye monster it's equipped to by preventing it's destruction from battle or card effects, and it prevents the opponent from targeting them with card effects. Serziel allows deck thinning by allowing the player to search the deck for any Evil Eye card when Normal Summoned. When equipped with the Evil Eye of Selene, he can destroy a Special Summoned monster on the field with the caveat being that you destroy any card on your side of the field on the Standby Phase of the next turn after using the effect. Medusa can Banish a monster from your opponent's Graveyard, with her condition being that you banish a card from your GY on the Standby Phase of the next turn after using it.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye 
 Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye 
 Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye 
 Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye 
 Artifact Scythe 
 Artifact Moralltach 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed 
 Gorgon, Empress of the Evil Eyed 
 Beat Cop from the Underworld 
 Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Evil Eye Awakening 
 Evil Eye Confrontation 
 Evil Eye Domain - Pareidolia 
 Evil Eye Repose 
 Evil Eye of Selene 
 Hidden Armory 
 Terraforming 
 Pot of Extravagance 
 Pot of Duality 
 Artifact Ignition 
 Traps 
 Evil Eye Defeat 
 Evil Eye Mesmerism 
 Evil Eye Retribution 
 Summon Limit 
 Armory Call 
 Artifact Sanctum 
 Metaverse 
   
" Evil Eye " 「 呪 眼 」 Members 
 Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye Basiltrice, Familiar of the Evil Eye Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye Gorgon, Empress of the Evil Eyed Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed 
 Evil Eye Awakening Evil Eye Confrontation Evil Eye Defeat Evil Eye Domain - Pareidolia Evil Eye Mesmerism Evil Eye Reemergence Evil Eye Repose Evil Eye Resurrection Evil Eye Retribution Evil Eye of Gorgoneio Evil Eye of Selene 
 Support 
 Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye Basiltrice, Familiar of the Evil Eye Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed 
 Evil Eye Awakening Evil Eye Confrontation Evil Eye Defeat Evil Eye Domain - Pareidolia Evil Eye Mesmerism Evil Eye Reemergence Evil Eye Repose Evil Eye Resurrection Evil Eye Retribution Evil Eye of Gorgoneio Evil Eye of Selene 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/ZerrzielRuleroftheEvilEyed-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191006181635']
Categories: Stubs, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)