Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Rank_045


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Rank 045
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 八雲の原罪！！
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Yagumo no Genzai!!
 
 
 
 Japanese translation
 
 
 Yagumo's Original Sin!!
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Yagumo's Original Sin!!
 
 
 
 Number
 
 
 45
 
 
 
 Release date(s)
 
 
  August 21, 2014 
  August 25, 2014 
 
 
 Cover date(s) 
 
 
  October 21, 2014 
 
 
 Card Gallery
 
 Japanese English 
 
 
 Chapter listing
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL chapter listing 
 
 
 Previous
 
 It's Our Problem!! 
 
 
 Next
 
 A Bond Between Us!! 
 
 " Yagumo's Original Sin!! " is the forty-fifth chapter of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  manga . 
 This chapter was first printed in Japanese in the 10/2014 issue of  V Jump , released on August 21, 2014, and in English in the 08/25/2014 issue of  Weekly Shonen Jump .
 As the duel between  Yuma ,  Kaito ,  Shark  and  Kyoji  continues, Kyoji reveals the details of his disturbing past.
 
 Summary 
 As  Yagumo's   LP  falls to 8900, he angry asks  Ryoga  how long he's going to block his way. Shark tells Yagumo to wake up, asking him what the point is in destroying the world, where children pinned their hopes on Yagumo. Yagumo snarls that he loved his  little brother  best, and he isn't there anymore; his little brother is gone.  Kaito  notes that Yagumo said that he killed his brother, and he asks what he meant. Yagumo pauses, before agreeing to tell them, as they'll probably die here anyway. 
 Six months prior, Kyoji and Yuji had an emotional reunion, and Kyoji thought that they'd be happy forever, but he couldn't have been more wrong. His brother had changed; behind the outward sincerity of his adoring face lurked a dark shadow. With every tournament victory, his suspicion deepened as championship money disappeared and a string of big-time robberies returned. He remembers winning the Far East Tournament, and seeing Yuji cheering him on, reflected that he knew who was to blame, but he didn't care. Nothing else mattered as long as his brother was beside him. But the dream didn't last. One night his brother asked for a favor; for Yagumo to lose the day's Duel. He claims that a loss and then a comeback could boost Kyoji's dropping popularity. He grabbed Kyoji and he reassures him that he'll never ask for anything again. Kyoji shook him off, asking who he was; he grabbed him with his right hand, but Yuji was left-handed. The boy laughed, realizing that he'd blown his cover, and he explained that a lot of money in the underground - including his - was riding on Koyji losing his Duel.
 Kyoji asked where his real brother was, and the impostor explained that the family that took him in went bankrupt, and his foster parents fled, leaving him behind to be taken in by an institute of delinquents. The impostor, shown by the flashback to be black-haired, admitted his surprise that Yuji resembled him, and noted that Yuji was frail and always watching Kyoji on the T.V. Having realized that Yuji was related to an incredible cash cow, he decided to take his place and strangled him. Kyoji tried to return the favor, but the sight of what appears to be his brother's face begging for help staved off his rage. The impostor then revealed that Yuji had begged his brother for help in his last words, noting that despite hating him, Kyoji would never be able to kill him. After all, he was his precious younger brother. Yagumo recalls that the impostor was right; even though he had vaguely sensed that the impostor wasn't Yuji, he'd tried to believe him, to love him. The impostor left, reminding Kyoji to lose for him. But then wisps of darkness appeared in his hand, and eight  blank  " Numbers ", in addition to " No. 70: Deadly Sin ", appeared in his hand, showing him his true path - the destruction of the world. His sclera taking on their current black color, Kyoji killed the impostor with a blast of lightning, and Yagumo declares that he killed his brother with his own hands.
 He snaps that nothing in the world is worth believing in, so he decided to destroy it. Declaring that no-one can stop him, he draws a card, and  Astral  warns  Yuma  that it's coming. Yagumo activates a  Spell Card , " Revenge Prison "; when his opponent has destroyed one of his  Xyz Monsters  he can  Special Summon  it from his  Graveyard  for one that is one  Rank  higher, but he can't attack that turn. He Special Summons the  Rank 11  " No. 84: Pain Gainer ", and Astral realizes that Yagumo is  Xyz Summoning  a  Rank 12 monster . Yagumo  chants , "Threads that rule the false heaven! Become a fleeting illusion and guide my disintegrating soul! Xyz Summon! Come forth, Number 77!  The Seven Sins !" The giant spider monster appears with 4000  ATK , and Yagumo's opponents all observe the Rank 12 monster in shock. Yagumo activates the effect of "The Seven Sins", detaching an  Overlay Unit  in order to destroy all monsters his opponent controls. "The Seven Sins" disintegrates " Bahamut Shark " with " Spider Silk Rain ", and Yagumo explains that the monsters destroyed by the effect of "The Seven Sins" are attached to it as Overlay Units, bringing it back up to one Overlay Unit. Astral notes that it means that the "Number" will never run out of them as Yagumo  Sets  a card and ends his turn. Yuma realizes that Yagumo will be able to annihilate his monsters as much as he wants.
 Kaito steps forwards, warning Yagumo that he's his next opponent. Yagumo tells Kaito that he must know how he feels, and Kaito agrees that he would have once, but not anymore now that he has a friend. Yuma supported Kaito when his heart was about to break, and Kaito states that he refuses to waver any longer; he'll change Yagumo's warped future with his own hands. He declares his turn and draws, then he Summons " Galaxy Worm ", which Special Summons another copy from his Deck since he controls no other monsters. Then he activates the Spell Card, " Memory Emerge ", which increases the ATK of all monsters he controls by 200 times the number of cards in his hand for the rest of the turn. With four cards, the 1200 ATK "Galaxy Worms" rise to 2000 ATK, and Yagumo smiles, wondering if it will appear. Sure enough, Kaito  Releases  his two 2000 ATK monsters, chanting, "Galaxy shining in the darkness! Become a ray of hope and live within my servant! Descend to me! Incarnation of light!  Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon !" Declaring that his attack will shatter Yagumo's ambitions, Kaito has "Galaxy-Eyes" attack with "Photon Stream of Destruction". Yuma protests that "Galaxy-Eyes" has the lower ATK, but Shark reassures him that the attack will work. Astral reminds Yuma that the effect of "Galaxy-Eyes" will  banish  both monsters, and gain ATK for each Overlay Unit "The Seven Sins" had. Yagumo realizes that he's in trouble and admits to himself that it's not bad from Kaito, but warns them that he's not letting it happen. He activates the  Continuous Trap Card  " Plucked Wing ", negating the attack of the Special Summoned "Galaxy-Eyes" and negating its effect. "Galaxy-Eyes'" wings shatter and Kaito calls his monster's name. Yagumo comments that "Galaxy-Eyes" is useless without its wings, and he vows to feed it to "The Seven Sins" next turn. Kaito grimly Sets a card to end his turn.
 Yagumo declares his turn and draws, before activating the effect of "The Seven Sins", detaching an Overlay Unit and destroying "Galaxy-Eyes" with "Spider Silk Rain", then attaching it to "The Seven Sins", clearing their field of monsters. He wonders who to finish off first, and Astral notes that they all have 4000 or less LP, so someone will be out if they take a direct attack. Yuma groans, asking if they can't do anything. Yagumo finally decides to attack Shark, and "The Seven Sins" attacks with "Genocide Spider Silk". Kaito snaps that he won't let Yagumo do this, and he activates a  Trap Card , " Route Change ", halving the damage and redirecting it to himself. His LP falls to 2000, and he falls to his knees in a cloud of smoke. Shark asks Kaito why he protected him, and Kaito claims that Shark is his friend too, so of course he protected him. Shark is staggered by the admission, and he admits that he never thought he'd hear Kaito say that. Yagumo sneers as Kaito vows that he will never force their souls into submission.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuma Tsukumo, Kaito Tenjo & Ryoga "Shark" Kamishiro vs. Kyoji Yagumo 
 Duel continues from  the previous Rank . 
 Turn 3: Kyoji 
 Kyoji   activates  " Revenge Prison " allowing him to  Special Summon  an  Xyz Monster  from his Graveyard, then use it as  Xyz Material  for an Xyz Monster that is one  Rank  higher, however that  monster  cannot declare an  attack  the turn it is Summoned. He Special Summons " No. 84: Pain Gainer " from the Graveyard, then uses it to Xyz Summon " No. 77: The Seven Sins " (4000/3000). Next, Kyoji activates the  effect  of "The Seven Sins",  detaching  1 Xyz Material to  destroy  all monsters his opponents  control  and  attach  them to "The Seven Sins" as Xyz Materials.  Shark 's " Bahamut Shark " is destroyed and attached to "The Seven Sins" as an Xyz Material. Kyoji  Sets  1 card.
 Turn 4: Kaito 
 Kaito   Normal Summons  " Galaxy Worm " (1200/1000). Its effect activates, allowing him to Special Summon a second copy from his  Deck  as he controls no other monsters. He then activates " Memory Emerge ", increasing the  ATK  of all monsters he controls by 200 for each card in his  hand , meaning both his "Galaxy Worms" gain 800 ATK (ATK 1200 → 2000). He then  Tributes  his monsters to Special Summon " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " (3000/2500). Kaito attacks "The Seven Sins" with "Galaxy-Eyes", and then attempts to activate its effect to  banish  both monsters. However Kyoji activates his Set " Plucked Wing ", negating the attack of "Galaxy-Eyes", as it was a Special Summoned monster, then  equipping  it to  negate  its effects. Kaito Sets 1 card.
 Turn 5: Kyoji 
Kyoji activates the effect of "The Seven Sins", detaching 1 Xyz Material to destroy Kaito's "Galaxy-Eyes" and attach it to "The Seven Sins". Next, he attacks Shark  directly  with "The Seven Sins", but Kaito activates " Route Change ", halving the  battle damage  and redirecting the attack to himself (Kaito LP 4000 → 2000).
 Duel continues in  the next Rank . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this chapter. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Ryoga "Shark" Kamishiro Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 
 Kaito Tenjo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy Worm  x2 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Memory Emerge 
 Traps 
 Route Change 
 
 Kyoji Yagumo Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 No. 77: The Seven Sins 
 No. 84: Pain Gainer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revenge Prison 
 Traps 
 Plucked Wing 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 No. 70: Deadly Sin 
 8  blank  " Numbers " 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   chapters 
 #001 " The Name's Yuma!! " #002 " A Mysterious Life-Form?! " #003 " Astral!! " #004 " The Light of Hope!! " #005 " Plot and Counterplot?! " #006 " Yesterday's Enemy is...!? " #007 " Numbers Hunter!! " #008 " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!! " #009 " Kaito's True Skill!! " #010 " New Enemies!! " #011 " Heartland!! " #012 " Corn's Secret!! " #013 " The Second Assassin!! " #014 " Victory Conditions!! " #015 " A Shared Bond!! " #016 " The Third Enemy!! " #017 " Frankie!! " #018 " Kaito Again!! " #019 " Messenger from the Moon!! " #020 " A Three-Way Battle!! " #021 " Kyoji Yagumo!! " #022 " Commander!! " #023 " Menacing Force!! " #024 " The Numbers War!! " #025 " Kaito's King!! " #026 " Line World!! " #027 " Guide Us, Deck!! " #028 " Shadow Maneuvers!! " #029 " Clash of the Champions!! " #030 " Absolutely Unpredictable!! " #031 " Save Your Friends!! " #032 " The Power of Believing In People!! " #033 " Sin Revealed!! " #034 " The Hour of Judgement!! " #035 " Separation!! " #036 " Incinerated Memories!! " #037 " Double Duel!! " #038 " Full Armor Threat!! " #039 " The Evolving Number!! " #040 " Yagumo's Past!! " #041 " Just One Hope!! " #042 " The Power of Bonds!! " #043 " To the Otherworld!! " #044 " It's Our Problem!! " #045 " Yagumo's Original Sin!! " #046 " A Bond Between Us!! " #047 " The Deity of Despair!! " #048 " The Four Powers!! " #049 " A New Hope!! " #050 " God of Despair!! " #051 " His Name Is… Zexal!! " #052 " The Final Duel!! " #053 " Yuma's Tactics!! " #054 " The True King of Numbers!! " #055 " Yuma Jets!! " #000 " Destined Meeting!! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/ZEXAL_Rank_45.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20160307184921', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL chapters