Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:ShutaHayami.jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Cameron Clix (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Cameron Clix 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Cameron Clix 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Syuta Hayami Shuta Hayami 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 速見秀太 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Photographer 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Did not place     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Photography 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 35: " Bad Developments: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Takuya Eguchi 
 
 
 
 Cameron Clix , known as  Syuta Hayami [1]  or  Shuta Hayami [2]  in the Japanese and Italian versions, is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He was a  Number holder , but was defeated at the hands of the  Number holder   Yuma Tsukumo , who claimed his " Number " after the Duel.
 He owns a  D-Pad  which also operates as a camera, which he used to predict his opponent's futures while possessed by his "Number".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Personality 
 Normally, Cameron is a kind-mannered and friendly person who is willing to do favors for anyone. This is evident when he takes photographs for people for free, such as when a group of children asked for a group photograph to which Cameron took it and gave it to them. 
 Whilst his desires and darkness amplified by his " Number 25: Force Focus ", Cameron becomes quite malicious, defeating his opponents mercilessly and then leaving them on the floor whilst he takes their  Heart Pieces . He even went so far as to put innocent lives on the blimp in danger, just for the sake of his "scoops". After being defeated by  Yuma Tsukumo , Cameron returns to his normal self, apologizing to Yuma and  Tori  for all of the destruction which he caused whilst being possessed.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 In the past, Cameron was a well-known photographer who took pictures for people. He also befriended  Tori Meadows  in the past and took many photographs of her as she was deemed model-worthy by him and the people he gave the photographs to.
 Some time after this, Cameron was taking photographs in a rose garden when he noticed a  blank card  on the ground, which turned out to be a " Number ". Picking up the card, it transformed into " Number 25: Force Focus ", and he inadvertently had his desires amplified by it. This "Number" granted Cameron the ability to predict the future through photographs, namely to cause destruction such as making cruise ships crash and catching airplanes on fire whilst in the air. These masterful photographs awarded Cameron many awards within the press, making him a wanted-photographer by many media organizations. Those which couldn't get him, wanted him gone as his photographs made the magazines he worked for sell better.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
       Cameron possessed by the " Number ".     
 Kari Tsukumo 's boss tells her to watch out for Cameron as he has been spotted in  Heartland City . Of course, due to his " Number ", he was there causing destruction, defeating  Duelists  by bewildering them with his future knowledge and then taking their  Heart Pieces  as a contestant in the  World Duel Carnival . Kari managed to find Cameron just as he predicted the future of scaffolding falling on a builder he was Dueling. There she found photographs of the events.
 
       Cameron Dueling Yuma.     
 After  Tori  argued with  Yuma Tsukumo  about  Reginald Kastle , she stormed off to the site of a blimp which was going to fly around Heartland City. Tori noticed Cameron, whom greeted her and then took a photograph of her before she departed on the blimp. Unbeknownst to Tori, this secured her doom as the photograph showed her on board the blimp and about to crash. Cameron is later challenged by Yuma to a Duel to save Tori. [1]  As the Duel progressed, Cameron managed to gain the upper hand by predicting all of Yuma's moves correctly.  Astral  eventually figured out, however, the true power of the "Number" was only seeing  possible  futures and not actually predicting the future, and that Cameron was only winning by tricking his opponents into making them happen ("self-fulfilling prophecies", as he called them). By defying Cameron's prediction and doing something different than what he predicted, Yuma managed to Summon his " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and defeat Cameron.
 After  Kite Tenjo  managed to save the blimp and the people within it from being destroyed by the crash, Cameron appeared before Yuma and Tori and apologized. He then took a photograph for the two as a memento and token of his apology. [2] 
 
       Cameron watches the finals of the WDC.     
 Cameron is next seen sitting next to  Pip  among the spectators (one row down from  Cody Callus ) watching Yuma's Duel with  Vetrix  in the final round of the finals. [3] 
 
 Deck 
 Cameron plays a  Photography Deck . His strategies involve disrupting his opponent's strategies and locking down his opponents in order to force them to use the strategies that his " Number " predict.
 
 
 
 Anime Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cameraclops 
 Paparazzi Pest 
 Scandal Snapper Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 25: Force Focus [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Negative Image Inversion 
 Night Beam 
 Telescopic Lens 
 Xyz Frame 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 WDC  Duelist 
 35 
 Win
 
 
 Builder 
 35 
 Win
 
 
 WDC  Duelist 
 35 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 35 - 36 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 35: " Bad Developments: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 36: " Bad Developments: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 65: " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was absorbed by  Astral  upon his loss against  Yuma Tsukumo . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 v e 
Cameron Clix (Shuta Hayami) pages 
 Anime 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/ShutaHayami.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120101051025', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Shuta_number.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120702112838', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/Cameron_Vs_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120702112624', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Syuta_and_Dog-chan_in_the_auditory.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120723161314']
Categories: Characters, Cameron Clix pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters