Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Manga_Cathy.jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Cathy Katherine (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Cathy Katherine 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Cathy 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Cathy Katherine 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Cat-chan (Japanese) Cat (dub) 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 キャッシー 
 
 
 French name  
 Cathy Katherine [1] 
 
 
 
 
 Height 
 157 cm [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Did not place       Friendship Games   Runner-up (with  Tori Meadows )   
 
 
 Team 
 Grrr-l Power (English) [3] I am Image Girl Team (イメージガールは私よチーム  Imējigāru wa Watashi yo Chīmu )  [3] 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Cat 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Bella Hudson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yu Kobayashi 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Patrizia Mottola 
 
 
 
 Cathy Katherine , known simply as  Cathy  (キャッシー,  Kyasshī ) in the manga and Japanese version and nicknamed  Cat  ( Cat-chan  in the manga and Japanese version), is a supporting character appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  and one of  Yuma 's friends. She has an obsession with cats to the extent that she behaves like them and can control and communicate with them.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Anime 
 
 2.1.1   Pre-WDC 
 2.1.2   World Duel Carnival 
 
 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.2.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.2.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.2.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Manga 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Cathy in her cat costume.     
 Cathy, like her nickname implies, has the appearance of a cat. She has two pieces of her gray hair held up by clips which give her the appearance of having cat ears. She has large and expressive green eyes which appear to have no eyebrows.  She also wears the same outfit that  Tori Meadows  wears as they both attend  Heartland Academy  (in the dub, her skirt is lengthened). She also wears a pair of large, square-framed glasses. She also has a pink  Duel Gazer  with a purple lens that she wears with her glasses off, in contrast to  Flip , whose Duel Gazer is directly integrated into his glasses.
 In the first series, Cathy's casual outfit consisted of a mostly black dress with a white cat tail attached and clawed gloves. She has black and white over-knee high socks and black Mary Jane shoes. In the second series, it consisted of a lilac T-shirt with torn-ended sleeves and a red tie, black shorts held up by suspenders (the shorts are lengthened in the dub) and maroon ankle boots with accessories being a collar, matching braclet on her right wrist and a star earring on her right ear. She wears a bell with both outfits.
 When attending social events such as the  World Duel Carnival  party, Cathy wears a Chinese style dress, which like most of her other outfits, sports cat like features such as a tail and gloves with the appearance of cat paws and claws. During the Heartland Academy fun fair, she wore a " Cat Girl " cosplay.
 
 Personality 
       Cathy with one of her cats.     
 Cathy is a loner and a stereotypical shy girl, especially towards her crush;  Yuma Tsukumo . However, she has shown to have a strong distaste towards dogs (when  Pip  tried to ask the gang for forgiveness, she brushed it off and displayed much anger, calling them "thieving Dogs!"). [4]  As stated above, Cathy has a bizarre obsession with cats and has the ability to communicate with them. Her obsession goes to the point that she decorates almost the entire interior of  her house  with cat-themed paraphernalia. She has a habit of dressing up in cat-themed clothes in the  Gothic Lolita  style and sometimes exhibits cat-like behavior; i.e. curling her fingers to simulate cat paws, finishing her sentences with the word ニャー  nyā  and licking her lips. She also has a habit of saying the word "Cat" (かと kato ) when talking. When angered, she has a tendency to lash out at  Flip  with her cat claws, scratching his face (this is cut from the dub).
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Cathy has a habit of saying "cat" (キャット,  Kyatto ) or "meow" (にゃ,  Nya ) occasionally. She also mixes them with words sometimes, like with her version of " Kattobingu ", which is "Catbingu" (キャットビング,  Kyattobingu ). In both the Japanese and English versions, Cathy occasionally makes cat-related puns.
 
 Biography 
 Anime 
 Pre-WDC 
 Cathy stalked  Yuma , appearing in the background of several scenes, hiding, such as appearing alongside other students after Yuma attempted to swim the length of the pool in gym class (she and  Tori  were the only students not laughing). She was also behind Yuma before he started his first Duel against  Shark . [5] 
 She then later appeared when she snuck into Yuma's bedroom and swapped his clothing (multiple times) with something that would anger Tori, which worked excellently as she wanted Tori and Yuma to fall out. Then when Tori offered to take Yuma shopping for more clothes, Cathy set a trap for Tori to keep her from meeting up with Yuma on time; by doing this she was able to take one of Tori's ribbons to attract Yuma to save her. She then Dueled Yuma, gaining an early advantage with the capabilities of her " Cat " Deck. Yuma helped her get the confidence to introduce herself to her secret crush, with Yuma being completely oblivious to the fact that he himself was the crush. She would lose the Duel in the end, being the first opponent Yuma defeated without the assistance of  Astral  or his " Numbers ". She then approached Yuma the next day at school, and said "hello" before running off while blushing. Yuma didn't tell Tori that Cathy was the one who had the cats go to her. [6] 
 Later, she overheard Yuma's conversation with Astral about  Kite . Then she decided to join the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club  hoping that if she understood more about them Yuma would notice her more. When they were captured by  Fortuno , she used her cat-like skills to escape and warn Yuma only to be possessed by Fortuno, returning to normal after he told Yuma he had his friends and wanted his "Numbers". She brought Yuma to  Fortuno's mansion  and watched their Duel. She jumped up to Kite's statue and attacked it thinking it was the real Kite until its head came off exposing it as a statue and how Fortuno intimidated Yuma and Astral. [7] [8] 
 
       Cathy fighting  Orbital 6 .     
 She later accompanied Yuma to  Kite's labratory , where she along with  Caswell  managed to destroy  Orbital 6 . Later when the building was beginning to explode, she was reluctant to leave as she along with Tori didn't want to leave Yuma and was seen mourning his death after the building had collapsed but was overjoyed to see he was alive when he emerged from the rubble. [9] [10] 
 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Cathy attended the  World Duel Carnival  opening ceremonies with the rest of her friends and was surprised at  Yuma  not receiving a  Heart Piece . When the tournament began, she witnessed and was surprised at  Flip  and  Bronk  running off out of excitement in order to find Duels just before she witnessed  Striker  kicking a ball into Yuma's face and challenge him to a Duel. [11] 
 During Yuma's Duel with  Striker Crossit , due to the effect of his " Stadium of Dreams "  Field Spell Card , Cathy along with  Caswell  were transformed into commentators for the Duel. During the Duel, they commented on the moves that each Duelist did, and were both overjoyed when Yuma won. [12] 
 
         Cathy Dueling  Pip .     
 During the second day of the World Duel Carnival, Cathy approached Yuma after his Duel with  Nistro  and  Dextra , revealing that she had only won one more  Heart Piece . Soon after, a dog snatched Yuma's Heart Piece and ran off, causing Cathy to send her cat army to look for the whereabouts of the dogs. After Cathy found out, she went to the location and was threatened by a pack of dogs, to which her cat army soon appeared to defend her. The leader of the pack of dogs,  Roscoe  appeared before Cathy and challenged her to a Duel, which shocked her and the rest of her friends as the dog could not only talk, but Duel. As the Duel progressed, Roscoe managed to get an overwhelming advantage, but a direct attack from Cathy's " Cat Girl Magician " managed to damage a device on the back of the dog, which revealed that the rest person Dueling was a little girl named  Pip . She revealed to Cathy that she was too nervous to Duel face-to-face therefore used her dog as her front. After Cathy and her friends spoke to Pip, she managed to muster up enough confidence to carry on the Duel on her own, even managing to win. After the Duel, Pip gave Yuma the stolen Heart Piece back, but was rewarded by Cathy with her own Heart Pieces. [4] 
 On the morning of the third day of the World Duel Carnival, Cathy along with the rest of Yuma's friends appeared before him in order to cheer him on in obtaining his last Heart Piece. They all then decided to go and look for a weak opponent for Yuma. Cathy decided to ask her cats to find one, quipping that its a shame that she Tori can't do the same with birds. Cathy then ran with the rest of her friends to where Flip told them to meet him, where they all watched  Nelson Andrews  Duel Nistro. After the Duel, Nelson said that Dueling causes Yuma to make people happy, including Cathy. [13] 
 When Yuma decided to Duel  Trey , Cathy along with his other friends decided to cheer him on. When Trey shackled Astral to a monolith, Cathy was shocked to see what Trey was doing. [14]  After Trey took Yuma's " kattobingu " spirit, Cathy attempted to cheer Yuma on to continue and when he almost fell off of the road, Cathy assisted in pulling him up, but was thrown to the side and trapped within a barrier by Trey. [15]  When " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis " along with " Final Prophecy " began to drag the group into the  Barian World , Cathy was scared, but was overjoyed when Yuma managed to revive Astral and combine to defeat Trey. [16] 
 After Yuma qualified for the finals, he brought Cathy and the rest of his friends with him to the party that  Mr. Heartland  threw for the finalists. She sarcastically complemented Tori's outfit, saying that people need nice clothes to look good, just as little birds need feathers. Tori retorted that Cathy's "cat demon cosplay" outfit looked good too. Yuma forgot his invitation, so  Flip  led them underneath the red carpet to get through the front door. Chased by bouncers, they were let in by Nistro, who vouched for Yuma being a finalist. [17]  The next day, she and the rest of Yuma's friends woke him up, as he had been sleeping at  Heartland 's gates to avoid missing the finals. They proceeded to the  Duel Coaster Stadium . Yuma realized he had forgotten his Heart Pieces.  Kari  runs them from  Yuma's house  on her motorcycle and Yuma's friends station themselves at point around the path inside, throwing the Pieces to each other. Cathy caught the Pieces from Caswell and jumped across some building to throw them to Flip. She then watched the tournament continue from the stands. [18]  After  Dr. Faker 's defeat, she alongside the rest of her friends watched the Duel between Yuma and  Kite . [19] [20] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Barian Invasion 
 Cathy was defeated in an off-screen Duel by  Fender , alongside  Flip ,  Caswell  and  Bronk . [21] 
 
         Cathy and  Tori  being brainwashed by  Girag .     
 Later, she and  Tori  get into an argument, but started to make up during the  Friendship Games . However,  Girag  brainwashed them, instructing them to Duel Yuma for his " Numbers ". Both were returned to normal after being defeated by Yuma and Girag. [3] 
 When Flip and Caswell spread the rumor that Yuma and Rio are dating, Cathy became incredibly angered  by the rumor. After witnessing Shark and Rio's Duel, and Yuma asks why the two were Dueling, both she and Tori pinched Yuma, telling him that he didn't need to know. During the Heartland School Fun Fair, Cathy worked as a waitress in the Monster Cafe dressed up as " Cat Girl " but was interrupted when Anna Kaboom blasted her way through the wall. After  Anna  learned about the Couples Duel tournament and that she couldn't participate as she wasn't a student at the school, stole Tori's uniform in order to pass as a student and duel with Yuma, Tori and Cathy found the note that Anna had left and quickly rushed to the Duel, watching it in worry. [22]   After Ray left to tail Vector, she and the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club assisted Yuma on a patrol to find any Barian activity. Vector soon attacked them, and Dueled Yuma, with everyone watching. She, along with Yuma, Kite, Shark, and the rest of the Numbers Club boarded the Different Dimension Airship in order to rescue Ray from the Barian World. She watched Yuma's, Shark's and Kite's Duels against Vector, Dumon and Mizar, respectively, from the Airship, and returned to the real world after Vector's defeat.
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 Upon seeing Yuma being depressed by the loss of Astral, Tori got her and the rest of the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club to help him investigate the Barians' motives. However, they were later kidnapped by Erazor and had their memories of Yuma taken away from them. She was unconsciously cheering for Yuma during the Duel and her memories were restored following his defeat.
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 After Yuma and Astral returned from  Astral World , she was shocked to discover that Shark and Rio were Barians and escaped with everyone after  Roku  and  Kaze  threw smoke bombs at the  Seven Barian Emperors . While many of Yuma's friends, including Bronk and Quattro, kept the Emperors at bay, she went with Tori, Caswell, Kite, Quinton and Trey to help Yuma, who collapsed from exhaustion, get away. After Trey, Quinton and Kite left the group and Yuma and Astral decided to go to  Barian World  to take  Don Thousand  head-on, Cathy  tells Tori to go with Yuma. When asked by Caswell why she did that, she responds that she wanted to go too, but there's nothing she'd be able to do, tears streaming down her face.
 The two then told Kari and Haru about what Yuma did and not to worry. After Yuma's defeat over Shark, she witnessed Yuma and Astral's duel with the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club, Anna, The Sparrow, Nistro and Dextra. After Yuma and Astral's Duel, Cathy returned to her normal life and continued to attend Heartland Academy.
 
 Manga 
 Main article:  Cathy (manga) 
         Cathy in the  manga .     
 In the  manga , Cathy is one of Yuma's friends, and a member of the  Numbers Club , just like in the anime. She has a rivalry with  Kotori  and controls many cats. Unlike her anime counterpart, she does not duel.
 
 
 Deck 
 Cathy uses a  " Cat " Deck , focused on  swarm  and  lockdown  tactics with her " Stray Cats ".
 
 
 Cat Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Nekogal #2 [Notes 1] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cat Girl 
 Monster Cat 
 Stray Cat  x3 
 Stray Cat Girl Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Cat Girl Magician 
 Twin Tail Cat Lady Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cat Food 
 Cat Meeting 
 Cat World 
 Catnip Turbine 
 Counter Meowsure 
 Inviting Cat 
 Mysterious Cat Transformation 
 Traps 
 Cat Confusion 
 Gold Coins for Cats 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 9 
 Lose
 
 
 Roscoe / Pip 
 39 
 Lose
 
 
 Fender 
 74 
 Lose
 
 
 Caswell Francis  and  Flip Turner 
 81 
 Lose (with  Tori Meadows ;  Tennis Field )
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Reginald Kastle 
 81 
 Lose (with  Tori Meadows ;  Table Tennis Field )
 
 
 Rio Kastle  and  Bronk Stone 
 81 
 Lose (with  Tori Meadows ;  Wrestling Field )
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Girag 
 81 
 Lose (with  Tori Meadows ;  Baseball Field )
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 146 
 Not shown
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-Zexal/Personnages/Cathy-Katherine . Retrieved April 17, 2013 . 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 39: " Pets Peeved " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 9: " Feline Frenzy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 17: " It's in the Cards, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 18: " It's in the Cards, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 27: " A Team Performance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 48: " Exit: Astral " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 49: " Crestfallen " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 50: " Party Panic " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in the  third opening theme . 
 
 
 v e 
Cathy Katherine (Cathy) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/Cathy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150409115007', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Cathy_in_her_cat_costume.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110606105120', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Cathy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110801124059', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Cathy_and_Orbital_6.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111010222018', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/CathyversusDog-Chan.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120116175422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Cathy_and_Tori_brainwashed_by_Gilag.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121125190352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Manga_Cathy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121225030032']
Categories: Characters, Cathy Katherine pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters