Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Johnson


 
 Johnson 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Johnson 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Chikuzen Ooka 
 
 
 Other   
 Big 3 
 
 
 Japanese   
 大岡 筑前 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Lawyer 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Team 
 The Big Five 
 
 
 Deck 
 Fusion 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Judge Man 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Final Judgment 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Wayne Grayson  (Duelist Kingdom/Legendary Heroes) Andrew Paul (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Shinichi Yashiro 
 
 
 German  
 Tim Moeseritz (Duelist Kingdom) Stefan Staudinger (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Ángel Amorós (Spanish. Legendary Heroes)  Cholo Moratalla (Spanish. Virtual World) 
 
 
 
 Johnson , known as  Chikuzen Ouka  in the Japanese version, was the legal adviser for  KaibaCorp , an expert lawyer, and a member of  the Big Five . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   KaibaCorp 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Legendary Heroes 
 2.4   Virtual World 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Anime 
 3.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Johnson is tall, wears glasses and has dark hair. Johnson Wears a blue business suit. In the virtual world, he takes the appearance of  Judge Man .
 
 Personality 
 Johnson is dishonest and sneaky. In his law career he would deceive the court and in his Duel with  Joey Wheeler , he manipulated the outcome of Joey's chance-based cards to have them not end up in Joey's favor if they initially were.
 
 Voice/mannerisms 
 In the 4KIDS dub, Johnson speaks fairly slowly and in a formal, conceited manner. He often makes legal puns to reflect his career as a lawyer. When he is in the form of Judge Man, he has a demonic sounding voice.
 
 Biography 
 KaibaCorp 
 Johnson once convinced a jury that a hydrophobic man was guilty of stealing a boat; an example of how he "convinces people that lies are truth". He worked as a legal adviser at KaibaCorp. Johnson and four other KaibaCorp employees formed a group known as  the Big Five .
 Seto Kaiba , the adoptive son of the head of KaibaCorp,  Gozaburo Kaiba , convinces the Big Five that Gozaburo is mistreating them and he'll help restore them to their former power. The Big Five agree and buy 49% of KaibaCorp. Combined with 2% that Gozaburo had previously given to Seto for a test to prove his business skill, the Big Five vote out Gozaburo and vote in Seto as the president of the company.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 However, Seto quickly backs out on their deal, stripping them of their power and leaving the Big Five little more than figureheads and consultants. Furious over their betrayal, the Big Five strike a deal with the president of  Industrial Illusions ,  Maximillion Pegasus  in an attempt to overthrow Seto. If Pegasus defeats Seto and  Yugi Muto  in Duels, then they will use their 49% to vote Pegasus into power of the company by kidnapping Seto's brother  Mokuba Kaiba , who has been entrusted with the security codes to the two percent the Big Five need.
 The Big Five watches the Duel between Yugi Muto and Maximillion Pegasus on their monitor. The Big Five and Pegasus' plan fails, after Pegasus is defeated by Yugi. In the manga, Johnson and the rest of the Big Five are fired by Seto and are never seen again.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
       Johnson on the monitors in  Legendary Heroes .     
 In the anime, the Big Five avoid being fired, by making excuses and offering Seto his complete virtual reality game as a peace offering.
 Eager to try out the virtual reality game, Kaiba refrains from immediately firing them and enters the virtual world. The Big Five trap Kaiba in the virtual reality.
 However Kaiba is rescued by Mokuba, Yugi,  Joey , and  Mai Valentine . The Big Five reprogram the game and set the " Mythic Dragon " as the final boss. However it is defeated by Yugi and Kaiba's " Dragon Master Knight ".
 
 Virtual World 
 After losing in Legendary Heroes, the Big Five got trapped in the virtual world, instead of Kaiba. Here they meet up with  Noah Kaiba . Having Seto as a common enemy, they made plans for revenge.
 During the Battle City tournament, Noah has the KaibaCorp blimp sucked into an undersea fortress, where the virtual world's main servers are. They force Seto and Mokuba Kaiba, along with Yugi and his friends into the virtual world again. Using an altered set of  Duel Monsters  rules, involving  Deck Masters , the Big Five Duel their enemies in the hopes of stealing their bodies to escape the virtual reality.
 
       Johnson as " Judge Man ".     
 To lure  Joey Wheeler  into a Duel, Johnson disguised a setting of the blimp and disguised himself as  Mai Valentine  until he reveals himself (He was the only member of the Big Five to not introduce himself in Deck Master form to his opponent). He Duels Joey Wheeler in a courtroom setting. Johnson claims that Joey is on trial for gambling too much with his Deck and takes the form of " Judge Man ", who he also uses as his  Deck Master . During the Duel, Johnson secretly rigs Joey's dice rolls and coin flip in his favor. Noah later teleports in and threatens to disqualify him for cheating while exposing to Joey that Johnson tampered with his dice rolls. Joey asks that Noah let the Duel continue, and Noah does so before teleporting away. Joey plays another game of chance with Johnson in which he loses one of the true or false questions he claims to be an expert in - picking a monster card rather than a magic card, thus allowing Joey to transfer the card's ATK to his " Flame Swordsman " to strength his monster, enabling Joey to win the Duel.
 Johnson, along with  Gansley ,  Crump , and  Leichter , having failed to win their targets bodies, go behind Noah's back and attempt to steal  bodies while in their Deck Master forms. They chase down  Duke Devlin ,  Serenity Wheeler , and Joey. As they argue over who gets which bodies, Noah makes contact and tells them off. Since  Nezbitt  didn't rightfully take  Tristan Taylor 's body (as he had actually lost the Duel despite beating Tristan), Noah allows the Big Five to share Tristan's body in order to Duel Yugi. Should they win, they would get their freedom.
 The Big Five face Yugi and Joey, using Tristan's body. The 5, each switch control and Deck Master throughout the Duel. Johnson only takes full control for 1 turn, where he uses his Deck Master effect to destroy Yugi and Joey's monsters, although he also advised his colleagues to focus on Joey in the belief that he would be the weak link in the Duel. Towards the end of the Duel, the Big Five uses " Dragon Revival Ritual " to combine their Deck Masters into the " Mythic Dragon " again. The dragon is destroyed by Yugi and Joey's " Mirage Knight ", but the Big 5 use " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to make " Berserk Dragon " their Deck Master. Ultimately, it is destroyed by " Dark Magician Knight ", costing them the Duel.
 Noah refused to give the Big Five any more chances after that. In the original version, Noah deleted Johnson and the rest of the Big Five. In the English dub, Noah imprisoned the Big Five in the different corners of the Virtual World until it is destroyed.
 
 Decks 
 Anime 
 Johnson uses a  Fusion Deck  that relies on increasing his  Life Points  in order use his  Deck Master 's  ability , " Clear the Courtroom ", which can  destroy  all  monsters  on the opposing field at a  cost  of 1000 points, inflicting 500 points of  damage  to the opponent for every monster destroyed.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armaill 
 Curtain of the Dark Ones 
 Judge Man 
 Mystical Elf 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hysteric Angel 
 Skelengel Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragoness the Wicked Knight 
 Kamionwizard Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 De-Fusion [Notes 1] 
 Leading Question 
 Painful Choice [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Quick Attack [Notes 1] 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Sinister Justice 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 Final Judgement Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Judge Man  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Banisher of the Light  x3 
 Berserk Gorilla 
 Goblin Attack Force 
 Royal Magical Library  x3 
 Sangan 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Skelengel  x2 
 Slate Warrior  x3 
 Thunder Dragon  x3 
 Zombyra the Dark Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Fusion Gate  x2 
 Graceful Charity 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Owner's Seal 
 Pot of Greed 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Minor Goblin Official 
 Non Aggression Area  x2 
 Return from the Different Dimension  x2 
 Royal Surrender 
 Solemn Wishes  x2 
 Spell-Stopping Statute 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 104 - 105 
 Lose
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler 
 111 - 113 
 Lose (with  The Big Five ; through  Tristan Taylor )
 
 Trivia 
 He is the only member of the Big Five who is named in Season 1. The other four are not named until Season 3. 
 He is the only member of the Big Five to first appear before his  opponent  in human form at the beginning rather than in monster form. 
 His voice actor, Andrew Paul, also did the voice of Master Core: ABIS, the final boss of  Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity . 
 Along with Gansley, Johnson is featured the most in Season 1. They're also the only members of the Big 5 who's reasons for hating Kaiba are never mentioned; Crump's penguin theme park was turned down, Nesbitt's lab was replaced with the Duel Tower, and Lector had his title of heir to Kaibacorp president taken and was reduced to figurehead of the company. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in his hand during  episode 105 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Johnson2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200520110348', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/63.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130927134007', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Johnson.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101101155346']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters