Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Trivia:Dark_Magician


 Dark Magician 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names Dungeon Dice Monsters  -  Dark Magician (Arkana)  -  Character 
 Anime Anime Dungeon Dice Monsters Bandai Bandai Sealdass Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 This card is one of the most iconic monsters in the game, along with " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", mainly because they were the  signature cards  of the main characters of the first  TV series anime . "Dark Magician" in particular, is the signature card of the main protagonist,  Yugi Muto . 
 This card's  ATK  of 2500 established the ATK value of the other  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series' protagonists' ace cards, which includes " Elemental HERO Neos " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , " Stardust Dragon " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , " Number 39: Utopia " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , and " Firewall Dragon " and " Cyberse Clock Dragon " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS .
 All of those monsters have 2000  DEF  as well (except for "Firewall Dragon"). Even though this card has 2100 DEF, the  Bandai version  of it has 2000 DEF. 
 This card has the same  ATK  of 2500 as the signature cards of other manga main protagonists, which are  Jaden Yuki 's " Elemental HERO Terra Firma ",  Yusei Fudo 's " Stardust Spark Dragon ",  Yuma Tsukumo 's "Number 39: Utopia", and  Yuya Sakaki 's " Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon ". 
 This monster appears in the artworks of " Bond Between Teacher and Student ", " Card of Fate ", " Dark Burning Magic ", " Dark Magic Attack ",  " Dark Magic Expanded ", " Dark Magic Twin Burst ", " Dark Magic Inheritance ", " Dark Spiral Force ", " Destined Rivals ", " Dimension Explosion ", " Draw of Fate ", " Illusion Magic ", " Legacy of the Duelist ", " Magician Navigation ", " Magician's Selection , " Magicians' Souls ", " Magicians' Combination ", " Speed Spell - Speed Fusion ", " Soul Servant ", " The Dark Magicians " 
 This card appears in the artworks of " Exchange " (in two of its artworks) and " E☆HERO Pit Boss ". 
 " Dark Magical Circle " appears in this card's artwork. 
 This card's staff appears in the artworks of " Black Illusion " and " Magician's Rod ". 
 This card's robe appears in the artwork of " Magician's Robe ". 
 This card, along with " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", have the most alternate artworks. 
 This is most likely the single most supported card of all, with fifteen cards specifically stating "Dark Magician" as part of their effect. 
 As its lore text implies, this monster has the highest ATK and DEF total combined sum for a  Normal Monster  "wizard" (male  Spellcaster ). The lore text of this card may also refer to its high amount of Spell and Trap Cards it has access to. 
 This card has several  counterparts .
 A  retrained  counterpart: " Magician of Dark Illusion " 
 An alternate counterpart: " Dark Magician (Arkana) " 
 Two advanced counterparts: " Dark Eradicator Warlock " and " Sorcerer of Dark Magic ". 
 A  female  counterpart: " Dark Magician Girl " 
 A  Ritual  counterpart: " Magician of Chaos "
 It also has its own upgraded counterpart: " Magician of Black Chaos ". 
 A " Chaos " counterpart: " Dark Magician of Chaos " 
 A " Statue " counterpart: " Statue Dark Magician " 
 A " Toon " counterpart: " Toon Dark Magician " 
 A  Warrior  counterpart: " Dark Magician Knight " 
 An  Aged counterpart : " Dark Sage " 
 A  Fusion  counterpart: " Dark Paladin " 
 Two  Xyz  counterparts: " Ebon High Magician " and " Ebon Illusion Magician ".
 A  Match winner  Xyz counterpart: " Legendary Magician of Dark " 
 A  LIGHT  counterpart: " Palladium Oracle Mahad " 
 This monster has several  counterparts  from different series.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX : " Miracle Flipper " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's : " T.G. Hyper Librarian " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL : " Gagaga Magician " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V : " Xiangke Magician " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS : " Cyberse Magician " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS : " Sevens Road Magician " 
 The alternate-art "red" "Dark Magician" used by Arkana in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime and manga may be seen  here . Despite having the same name, he is not the same card as the "purple" "Dark Magician" always used by Yugi Mutou, as he has a different eight-digit passcode.
 Three of the artworks of "Dark Magician" ( LOB / SYE ,  SDY  and Arkana version), picture his staff green, whereas in one version ( SD6 / PCY ) and on " Dark Magic Attack " his staff is red and blue. 
 This card's first  OCG  artwork is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " , specifically from the panel where  Dark Yugi  declares an attack on " Koumori Dragon " with  this monster .
 This card's second  OCG  artwork is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 35: " The Magic of the Maze! " , specifically from the panel showing this monster being Summoned, albeit with minor changes in detail. "Dark Magician" is also coloured the way in the manga, rather than the anime. 
 This card's third  OCG  artwork is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 103: " Magician Battle! " . However, it is derived from 2 separate panels showing  Pandora's  copy of "Dark Magician". The first panel is where the 2 "Dark Magicians" are shown together with their displayed ATK values, after Pandora Summons his copy of "Dark Magician" for the first time. The second panel is on the same page, showing the same "Dark Magician". 
 This card's fourth  OCG  artwork is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 102: " The Fatal Duel! " , specifically from the panel showing this monster being Summoned. 
 This card's sixth  OCG  artwork is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 63: " The Master of Servants " , specifically from the panel showing this monster being Summoned. 
 This card's seventh  OCG  artwork is based of his design in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions . 
 This card along with "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" are the only 2 cards to have had an official Chinese print before the release of  Duel Starter Deck  standardized Chinese as an  OCG  language. Its Chinese version originated in Japan, therefore its Chinese name includes the character "黒" (black) which is an exclusive one to Japanese, compared to the Chinese counterpart, "黑". 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Trivia, ((Navigation)) transclusions with "other" parameter