Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sergey_Volkov


 
 Sergey Volkov 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sergey Volkov 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Duelist Crusher [1] Dueling Destroyer (dub only) 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 セルゲイ・ヴォルコフ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Top 4     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Thorn Prisoner Earthbound 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 64: " Match with the Master " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Daichi Endō [2] 
 
 
 
 Sergey Volkov  (セルゲイ・ヴォルコフ,  Serugei Vorukofu ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He became an infamous criminal known as the  Dueling Destroyer  ( Duelist Crusher  in the Japanese version) who was modified and became  Jean-Michel Roget 's primary enforcer in his military coup of  New Domino City . At some point during his life (presumably after he was recruited by Roget), he received cybernetic implants and became a humanoid cyborg.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 1.5   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Thorn Prisoner 
 3.2   Earthbound 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Sergey is a very tall and muscular individual, towering above most other characters. He wears a full-body riding suit with green and purple parts, which are separated by a red lines. There are spikes on the elbows, around his middle and on bracelets. The suits opening is very broad, exposing a lot of skin from his upper torso, showing the many  criminal marks  he has on his head, neck and upper torso. His left eye is technological in nature, being a high tech scanner which can also provide Roget with a live feed of Sergey's view. His right sleeve was torn open during his Duel with  Zuzu Boyle  and his arm was scarred [2] , but his left arm appears to be completely mechanical and contains his  Duel Disk , in a similar manner to  Rex Goodwin . [3]  His legs were later shown to contain booster rockets, allowing him to accelerate explosively and fly. [4]  When merged with his Duel Runner, he comes out on top of the converted machine, riding single-wheeled with the former front wheels acting like extendable arms. [5]   Towards the end of his life, his identity as an actual humanoid cyborg is shown, as he consists of metals, wires, machinery, and scraps covered up with a humanoid appearance.
 
 Personality 
 Sergey is a  sadomasochistic   Duelist  who Duels in a cruel manner, similar to  Yami Marik  and  Kalin Kessler 's Dark Signer personality. He continually inflicts damage to himself without attempting to stop it in addition to reveling in his own pain. He revels in the suffering he causes towards his opponent, as seen in his Duel against  Zuzu  where he brutally defeated her and rammed her  Duel Runner  with his own and went to describe the carnage as  beautiful . He enjoys giving his opponent a false hope of victory and then crushing them, being submissive for most of the Duel, then defeat them with overwhelming power. However, these personality traits are usually restrained by Roget through the use of a mind-control device. [2]  When Sergey gets highly excited or surprised by illogical Dueling behavior however, the mind control breaks partially, revealing his own hot-blooded nature, expressing his love for "beautiful" duels. This obsessive desire is worth everything to him, refusing rescue from a fatal fall so as not to ruin the moment. [6]  His idea of beauty, however, still remains as the process of destruction.
 
 Abilities 
 Sergey's abilities are all primarily products of his cybernetic body, which Jean-Michel Roget describes as the "ultimate living Duel machine". [5]  He has incredible strength; he is able to effortlessly break through a solid wall with little acceleration and easily beat down multiple individuals with hand-to-hand combat training. [4] 
 He can produce his  Duel Disk  directly from his cybernetic left arm, and he can boost across the ground at high speeds and fly with the rocket boosters built into his legs. [4]  Like the  Three Pure Nobles  and their  true form , he can merge with his Duel Runner, although, unlike them, his body does not undergo any visible transformation. Due to his enhanced left eye, he can also scan cards on the field or ahead of him to further his strategies. [5] 
 There seems however to be some degree of side-effects to his cybernization. The most recurrent of them is a visible mental instability which tends to trigger when he becomes excessively excited, causing him to lose restraint and Roget losing partial or total control over him, unless captured and submitted again. [7]  His left eye which is also connected to an internal computer seems to be sensitive to information, as an apparently illogical play during a Duel was enough to trigger an error display and briefly disable his attention. [4] 
 
 Etymology 
 Etymologically, Sergey's full name translates to "Protector of the Wolves." Given his connection to  Jean-Michel Roget , his name references a Russian chess player  of the same name .
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, Sergey speaks with a Russian accent and in slightly broken English. He also tends to use computer terminology when Dueling such as 'protocol', 'initiate', and 'compute'. In the original, while he is under the control of Roget, Sergey speaks in a monotone until he breaks free.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Sergey was a dangerous Dueling criminal who viciously assaulted several Duelists, earning him the moniker of Dueling Destroyer. He was wanted dead or alive for these crimes. He was only stopped after a massive force of thirty  Sector Security  operatives managed to capture him. He was sent to the  Facility  as a result. However, even in the Facility, Sergey was just as brutal as in the outside, and single-handedly defeated all the other inmates in the prison. His viciousness was such that he had to be placed  underground . While in the underground, he was met and welcomed by  Lucas Swank  who explained the rules of the disposal center and how he could climb back to the surface if he defeated every Duelist around. Sergey did so, destroying fifty opponents by himself, a feat that shocked Lucas and prompted the promoter to contact  Jean-Michel Roget  and send Sergey to him. At some point, Roget had Sergey undergo mind-altering surgery and had had his body modified to be largely technological in nature, turning him into his agent. [1] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Sergey was shown amongst the participants of the  Friendship Cup . He later appeared standing behind Roget, watching the tournament's matches. [8] 
 When  Celina  was selected to Duel  Tony Zomboni  rather than him, Roget informed him that his Duel with Celina would be for later, since he had to beat the favorite Duelists in the tournament, then defeat  Jack Atlas  so as to shock  New Domino City . [9] 
 He was eventually called to Duel  Damon Lopez , and the audience were shocked to learn that he was the legendary criminal. The Duel started and the young  Commons  resident seemingly dominated Sergey for most of the match, constantly forcing him on the defensive, leaving the audience and Damon unimpressed with the "Dueling Destroyer". However, through unknown means, Sergey reverted the situation in one fell swoop and instantly defeated Damon, destroying his  Duel Runner  and leaving him injured, stunning the entire audience as to how exactly he had won. [1] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 In the second round, he was set to Duel  Zuzu Boyle , and ordered to bring her to Roget as she was one of the pieces that he required to build his kingdom. The news caused Sergey to smile. He Dueled Zuzu as the first match in the second round of the Friendship Cup, and appeared to be at a disadvantage for most of the Duel despite the strong effects of his " Thorn Prisoner " monsters. Sergey set up  Thorn Counters  that continually damaged him, and a fragment of pavement tore open his sleeve and scarred his arm, causing him to call it beautiful. He was amused when Zuzu displayed concern for him and believed that she had the Duel won after reducing his  LP , and called it beautiful, far better than his Duel with Damon. Breaking from the control of his limiter, he  Fusion Summoned  " Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma " on his next turn and madly declared that he had endured the pain until he got what he wanted. "Van Darli Zuma" defeated Zuzu's " Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir " and when Zuzu attempted to get an  Action Card , he crashed his Duel Runner into hers, flinging her through a building. [2]  He returned to the  Duel Palace  in a giggling daze, and didn't seem to register Sector Security taking him into custody. [7] 
 
       Sergey ready for action.     
 Sergey was sent to his doctor so that he could begin "reprogramming" him. Roget later insisted that the doctor hurry the process along so that the same could be done to  Yuya Sakaki . [10]  After his "reprogramming", Roget sent him to the Council Building to help recapture the  High Council . [11]  While waiting, Roget had Sergey intercept the  Obelisk Force  instead after they started to invade  New Domino City . [12]  Sergey engaged the Obelisk Force outside the Capital Building and continually defeated their members. [3] 
 Roget then sent Sergey to retrieve Zuzu and  Celina  from both the  Lancers  and  Duel Academy  forces. Sergey joined Yuya and  Barrett 's Duel, taking the intrusion penalty, then trapping Zuzu with his  Field Spell  " Earthbound Prison ". He simultaneously Fusion and  Synchro Summoned  " Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon " and " Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken " and finished off Barrett in an  OTK . He was however, unable to stop Barrett from carrying Celina back to the  Fusion Dimension  at the last moment. An enraged Roget instructed Sergey to ensure Zuzu's capture. Although Yuya, now free of Barrett's "Chains", Summoned " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", Sergey destroyed it with "Geo Griffon" and then defeated the defenseless Yuya. Knocking down  Moon Shadow , " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " and  Sora  with his rocket boosters, he grabbed Zuzu, broke through the ceiling and flew off with Zuzu, successful in his mission. [4] 
 
       Sergey combined with his  Duel Runner .     
 The next day Sergey Dueled against  Jack Atlas  for the second semi-final, who accepted the challenge due to  Yugo 's absence. During the Duel Sergey used the effects of his "Earthbound" cards to Synchro and Fusion Summon simultaneously. He tried to destroy Jack's " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", but Jack managed to protect his ace monster and destroy both of Sergey's "Earthbound Servants". After using " Earthbound Tundra " to deal burn damage to Jack, Sergey's program started to drive him mad and combined him with own Duel Runner to become the ultimate Duel Machine. [5] 
 As the Duel intensified, Sergey's heartbeat rose. He attempted to slow Jack down by tearing up the track with his Runner's arms, and Synchro and Fusion Summoned " Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin " and " Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina ", then he forced Jack to choose whether to destroy "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend". Jack refused to destroy the pride of his soul and kept his ace monster out and continued to protect it. When Sergey began to fall off the track due to the damage that he'd caused to the track destroying the bridge, Jack saved him from falling using "Scarlight". This corrupted Sergey's program and unleashed Sergey's sadomasochistic nature, breaking himself from the control of Roget. It finally came down to them no longer using Action Cards, and despite Sergey summoning his ultimate "Earthbound", " Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha ", Jack was still able to hold on and win the Duel. When Sergey was thrown off the course, Jack attempted to save him once more, but Sergey rejected it this time, knocking away "Scarlight" with one of the arms of the Duel Machine. He requested that Jack honor his beautiful defeat before falling to his presumed doom. [6] 
 
       Sergey before his death.     
 Despite being heavily damaged from his fall, Sergey survived and attempted to crawl away. Here, it is revealed the extent of Sergey's cybernetic modifications: the skin on his face and shoulders peeling away to reveal a metallic skull and musculature, while a crackling mess of broken machinery and wires spilled out bloodlessly from his torso and lower body. However, a group of nearby Commons saw him, recognized him as the Duelist Crusher, and proceeded to pick up weapons. A moment later, his vitals monitor in Roget's office defaulted to a "NO SIGNAL" message, implying that Sergey was killed. [13] 
 
 Decks 
 Thorn Prisoner 
 Sergey initially runs a  " Thorn Prisoner " Deck . His Deck focuses on the reduction of his own  LP  at a calculated rate through the  effects  of his  monsters  and through  Thorn Counters . To facilitate this, his monsters all have 0  ATK  and  DEF . Sergey can use both  Synchro Summoning  and  Fusion Summoning  to bring out his key monsters to capitalize on his low LP and inflict large amounts of  damage .
 
 
 Thorn Prisoner Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Thorn Prisoner Van 
 Tuner monsters 
 Thorn Prisoner Darli  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Thorn Observer Zuma Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Thorn Growth 
 Earthbound 
 Sergey later switches to an  " Earthbound " Deck  that he debuts in his Duel with  Barrett  and  Yuya Sakaki . Like his previous Deck, it focuses on  Fusion  and  Synchro Summoning . The main strategy of this Deck is to simultaneously Summon  Fusion  and  Synchro Monsters , by using the same materials for both Summons with the effect of " Harmonic Synchro Fusion ". Some of his cards also gain effects when the  Field Zone  is occupied.
 
 
 Earthbound Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper 
 Tuner monsters 
 Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper 
 Earthbound Prisoner Line Walker Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Earthbound Fusion 
 Earthbound Prison 
 Earthbound Rescue 
 Earthbound Tundra 
 Harmonic Synchro Fusion 
 Traps 
 Earthbound Beginnings 
 Earthbound Spell Sealer [Notes 1] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Damon Lopez 
 73 
 Win
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 77 
 Win
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 89 
 Win
 
 
 Barrett ,  Yuya Sakaki 
 92 
 Win
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 93 - 94 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 77: " A Cons Game " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 89: " Hunted and Hounded " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   4.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 92: " Tragic Reunion " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   5.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 94: " Road Rage: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 64: " Match with the Master " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 83: " A Matter of Trust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 86: " Against All Odds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 92 , but is not  activated . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Sergey_Volkov.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160222160841', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/SergeySmiles.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160308100731', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/ArcV_093.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160214201912', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/Duelist_Crusher_Robot.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160410225454']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters