Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Coin_in_sneaker


 
 Coin in sneaker 
 
 
 
 
 Coin in sneaker 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Coin in sneaker 
 
 
 Japanese  
 スニーカー ｉｎ コイン 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Sunīkā in koin 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Junky Scorpion owner 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Junky Scorpion 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 8: " " The Poison Man " " 
 
 
 
 Coin in sneaker [1]  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  played between  Dark Yugi  and the  Junky Scorpion owner .
 Each player took turns grabbing coins from inside a shoe, while there was  a scorpion  inside. The player who grabbed the most coins won.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  purchased a pair of  Air Muscle  shoes at the  Junky Scorpion . However,  the owner  hired a group of thugs, which he called the  Muscle Hunters , to steal back the shoes.
 The Muscle Hunters attacked Jonouchi,  Yugi Mutou  and  Hiroto Honda  from behind and stole the shoes. Jonouchi, Honda and Yugi later tracked the hunters down and found them at the arcade,  Game . Jonouchi and Honda beat up the thugs and demanded the shoes back, to which they revealed the shopkeeper's treachery.
 Yugi switched to  Dark Yugi  and returned to the Junky Scorpion, where he demanded the shoes back. The owner played innocent and acted surprised to find the shoes in the store. He snuck  his pet scorpion  inside one of the shoes and handed it back, hoping Dark Yugi would get stung while holding the shoe. However, Dark Yugi knew the scorpion was in the shoe, and dropped ten coins inside before challenging the owner to a game.
 
 Game 
       The owner, trying to kill the scorpion     
 Dark Yugi explained the rules: the players take turns pulling coins out of the shoe, while trying not to get stung, and whoever gets the most wins. The owner agreed to play under the condition that if he wins, Dark Yugi gives him ￥100,000 for each coin. Dark Yugi accepted the condition and said if he won, all he wanted was the shoes back.
 Dark Yugi went first and got one coin. The owner also got one coin on his turn. The owner thought he was getting nowhere by pulling out one coin at a time, so looked for a way to grab them all at once. Dark Yugi grabbed one again on his next turn.
 Before his turn, the owner inquired about the rules of the game, asking if anything was fair as long as he stuck his hand in the shoe to grab coins, which Dark Yugi affirmed. With that, the owner took a knife and stabbed it into the middle of the shoe, trying to kill the scorpion. He then stuck his hand in and tried to grab all the remaining coins. However, with all of them in his hand, his fist became too big and he was unable to pull it out of the foot hole. He had also missed the scorpion with the knife and it proceeded to sting him, badly poisoning him and ending the game.
 
 Aftermath 
 Dark Yugi said that in the Shadow Games, those with weak hearts always lose, and if the owner had any love for his pet scorpion or the shoes, he could not have predicted how the game would have turned out.
 When Dark Yugi switched back to Yugi, the owner was being taken to the hospital for his sting, and Yugi didn't know how he got back the shoes, or why there was a hole in them. Jonouchi was still impressed that Yugi got the shoes back, and considered the hole to be a battle scar of sorts.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 8: " The Poison Man " 
 v e 
 Junky Scorpion Characters 
 Owner 
 Scorpion 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Chapters 
 " The Poison Man " 
 
 Other 
 Air Muscle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/YGO-008_Shadow_Game.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160501153206', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/YGO-008_Betrayal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160501153427']
Categories: Shadow Games