Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yugi_and_Imori%27s_Dragon_Cards_game

For the game between the other Yugi and Imori, see  Dark Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game .      
 
 
 Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game 
 
 
 
 
 Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Dragon Cards [Note 1] Dragon Block [Note 2] Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Yugi Mutou Imori 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Imori 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series) 
 
 
 Chapters 
 46:  " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 
 
 Episodes 
 18:  " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 ↑   In the manga. ↑   In the anime. 
 
 
 Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game  was a  Shadow Game  of  Dragon Cards  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  between  Yugi Mutou  and  Imori . In the  first series anime ,  Yugi  and Imori played  Dragon Block  instead, although the rules and moves were largely the same.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Anime events 
 3   References 
 
 
 Manga events 
 Prior events 
 By reading books his grandfather left him on games and Ancient Egypt,  Imori  learned "The one who solves the  Millennium Puzzle , shall gain the thousand ways of the  Shadow Games  and become the guardian of darkness.". He knew that  Yugi  had solved the  Millennium Puzzle  and judging by how people had stopped bullying him since he got it, assumed Yugi had gained these powers.
 Imori also found the sealed  Dragon Cards  his grandfather had left lying in their shed. He brought it to  Kame Game  to ask the Mutous if they knew anything about them.  Sugoroku  recognized them and warned Imori not to break the seal as it would created a warped power.
 Imori spend the next few days studying the cards and their game. He then stole the Millennium Puzzle while Yugi was swimming and left a note telling him to come to room C alone if he wanted it back.
 When Yugi arrived in room C, Imori told him what he had learned about the Millennium Puzzle and in order to claim its power for himself, he needed to beat Yugi in a Shadow Game. Imori then took out the Dragon Cards and removed their seal and warned Yugi that texts about Ancient China say that if a Shadow Game doesn't take place when the seal is broken the people of the land would suffer eternal disaster.
 Imori told Yugi the rules of the game and that the loser would have their soul sucked into the  soul-eating jar . Without the Millennium Puzzle, Yugi had to fight the game by himself.
 
 The game 
 Imori went first and drew a Level 4 water dragon. Since he had another Level 4 water dragon in his hand, he planned on waiting to get the third copy and discarded a Level 1 metal dragon. Yugi drew a level 5 fire dragon and discards a Level 1 fire dragon.
 As the game progressed, Imori figured out which elements Yugi was collecting.
 Finally Yugi gathered and Summoned a Level 5 fire dragon, " Huo Long " and a metal dragon, " Jin Long ". Imori then Summoned his dragons, levels 3 and 4 water dragons, " Shui Long ". Water was strong against fire and metal powered-up water, so Yugi had little chance of winning. The two water dragons used their flood attacks and defeated Yugi's dragons.
 
 Aftermath 
 The level 4 "Shui Long" reached inside Yugi and pulled out his soul. The dragons then returned to the soul-eating jar, taking Yugi's soul with them. Yugi collapsed onto the table. By doing so, he touched off the Millennium Puzzle allowing  Dark Yugi  to take control. Dark Yugi challenged Imori to a rematch. Imori accepted, needing to beat both Yugis to gain the powers of the Millennium Puzzle.
 
 Anime events 
   This section is  missing information  from  Yu-Gi-Oh!  (first series)   episode 18 .. 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 46: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 47: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 18: " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 v e 
 Dragon Cards / Dragon Block Dragons 
 Huo Long (Fire Dragon) 
 Jin Long (Metal Dragon) 
 Mu Long (Wood Dragon) 
 Shui Long (Water Dragon) 
 Tu Long (Earth Dragon) 
 Items/events 
 Soul-eating jar 
 Yugi and Imori's game 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's game 
 Chapters 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 Episodes 
 " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 
 
 Category 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Yugi_VS_Imori_-_Dragons_Summoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151027223309', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Dragon Cards games, Shadow Games