Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_028


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 028 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 三 騎 士 、 最 後 の 将 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sankishi, Saigo no Shō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Final Commander of the Three Knights 
 
 
 English 
 Bugging Out 
 
 
 Number 
 028 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 22, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 2, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Writing Life " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Mitsutaka Hirota 
 
 
 Director 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuko Ebara Akemi Yokota 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Brave Battler " 
 " Kolter's Khronicles " 
 
 
 
 
 " Bugging Out ", known as " Final Commander of the Three Knights " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 22, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. The English dub aired on Teletoon on December 2, 2018 and on Pluto TV February 19, 2021.
 Faust , the mastermind behind  The Deleted , takes  Naoki  hostage and uses him to draw out  Playmaker . Using electric worm monsters known as " Motor Worms ", he seals away Playmaker's  Link Summon . Playmaker then flies into the  Data Storm  and uses  Storm Access , hoping to turn things around...
 
 Summary 
 Faust corners Brave Battler, stating that it is his last chance to duel him before... Suddenly, Playmaker arrives on a data stream from above, and tells Faust that he will duel him instead. Brave Battler lauds his idol's arrival, only for Playmaker to demand his " Cyberse Wizard " back. Brave Battler complies, thanking Playmaker for letting him borrow it. Playmaker rebutts, having expected an apology from Brave Battler for drawing him out to the enemy. He then turns to Faust, accusing him of stealing the data of "Cyberse Wizard" and giving it to an amateur duelist, which shocks Brave Battler. Faust claims he never stole anything. Playmaker challenges Faust, calling him a liar, and asking for the thief's identity. Faust narrows his eyes, declaring that he sets his sights on Playmaker's Ignis. With that, he unleashes a  Data Gale  on  LINK VRAINS . Playmaker sees that it's the same phenomenon used against  The Gore  and  Blue Angel . By then, Faust is running towards his  D-Board . Playmaker does the same, and the Speed Duel begins. 
 When Faust activates " Wormhole Defense ", Brave Battler makes a comment about it, only to realize that he can't see the card being played, and the duel isn't being live-streamed. Brave Battler has an idea, and activates his zooming visors. Brave Battler then sees Faust's " Motor Worm Spreader Queen " increase its ATK to 2400, and claims Playmaker can handle it. As Faust ends his turn,  Kolter  is still speeding on his truck towards Naoki Shima's real-world location. During his turn, Playmaker takes two Link Summons to bring out "Decode Talker". He then summons a monster on its Link Point. Brave Battler notes that "Decode Talker" is strong enough to beat "Spreader Queen". 
 However, as the duel goes on, "Spreader Queen" is revived, and a different effect turns "Cyberse Wizard" into an  Insect , making "Spreader Queen" stronger than "Decode Talker". Brave Battler cries out in realization. Playmaker ends his turn, ignoring Ai's protests in response. During Faust's next turn, the 4500 ATK "Spreader Queen" destroys Playmaker's "Decode Talker". Faust thinks to himself that he will win and acquire Playmaker's Ignis, because he owes it to Baira and Faust. He activates his Skill to allow "Spreader Queen" to attack again, and due to " Motor Worm Gate ", "Spreader Queen" attacks Playmaker directly, although it does to by ordering a swarm through a wormhole from above which closes up, then opens below Playmaker.  The swarm begins to fire at Playmaker; he survives after activating his trap to cut the damage he takes, but ends up off his board and through the window of a building. Brave Battler cries out for Playmaker, who gets up and jumps out of the window, landing on his D-Board behind Faust. 
 Playmaker tries to use " Urgent Link 's" effect to Link Summon during Faust's turn, but the Link portal does not appear. Faust notes the other effect of "Wormhole Defense", and says Playmaker is still playing into Faust's hands. Playmaker tells Ai that he will not give up; hearing that, Faust reveals that he knows Playmaker to be a victim of the  Lost Incident . And by destroying the  Ignis  that Playmaker carries, he will be able to live with the guilt he has to bear in his role in the Lost Incident. Meanwhile, Kolter is nearing Shima's current location in the real world. 
 During Playmaker's next turn, he uses an effect to destroy "Wormhole Defense". Brave Battler cheers the accomplishment. Faust says that it changes nothing while "Spreader Queen" is on the field and still stronger than Playmaker's monsters. Playmaker simply acknowledges what Faust says, and speeds ahead of him to jump into the  Data Storm  ahead. He jumps out with a new card obtained through Storm Access, which he Link Summons - " Powercode Talker ". Brave Battler is thrilled at seeing the new  Link Monster . Faust says that his "Spreader Queen" is still stronger despite losing 2100 ATK; Playmaker says he knows, and continues with the duel. Before he can enter his Battle Phase, Faust pleads for Playmaker to stop and listen to what he has to say about Playmaker's Ignis. 
 Ai tells Playmaker to cover his ears. Therefore, Playmaker goes into battle. The duel ends with Playmaker's victory. Playmaker manages to hear Faust's last words before he disappears in a black shade, and asks Ai what Faust means. Ai responds that he had covered his "ears" at that moment. Afterwards, Playmaker meets up with Brave Battler again. Brave Battler finally apologises for dragging Playmaker into the situation. Playmaker says he doesn't need Brave Battler's apology, because he was doing the right thing. With that, Playmaker turns around and logs out. 
 Kolter's truck finally arrives outside of Aso's warehouse. Yusaku jumps out calling for Shima. Shima appears at the doorway, not expecting Yusaku to save him. Yusaku asks for the person who abducted Shima. Shima replies that that person left. At the Hanoi's base, Faust's body lies in a coffin similar to  Dr. Genome 's and  Baira 's, as  Varis  turns and leaves. Meanwhile, Shima and Yusaku walk towards Kolter's truck. Yusaku ignores Shima's bragging about being saved by Playmaker, and wonders what Faust wanted to say about Ai. Shima continues to brag about Playmaker, claiming that it's his "greatest day ever" as well as imitating his Brave Battler persona. Yusaku continues to think to himself. He wonders who could have stolen and forged "Cyberse Wizard", if it wasn't Faust. 
 The answer lies in the next cut, where the real-life Varis appears to have snuck into  Clarissa Turner 's apartment and is watching a recording from the secret camera behind the bookshelf facing Clarissa's screens. He now knows who Playmaker is...
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Faust 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: Faust 
Faust activates the Continuous Spell Card " Wormhole Defense ". Upon activation, it Special Summons a " Motor Worm Token " (0/0) in  Defense Position . As long as there is a "Motor Worm Token" on Faust's field, "Wormhole Defense" cannot be targeted or destroyed by card effects. Faust activates " Motor Worm Bait ", Special Summoning two "Motor Worm Tokens" in Defense Position (0/0). Faust uses the three "Motor Worm Tokens" to  Link Summon  " Motor Worm Spreader Queen " (1000/LINK-3/←↙↓) to the  Extra Monster Zone . As "Spreader Queen" points to no monsters, Faust activates its effect, Special Summoning a "Motor Worm Token" to the bottom-left Link Point of "Spreader Queen". "Spreader Queen" gains 700 ATK for each  Insect  monster on the field ("Spreader Queen": 1000 → 2400). Faust Sets two cards.
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
As Playmaker controls no monsters, he Special Summons " Linkslayer " (2000/600) by its own effect. As he controls a  Cyberse  monster, Playmaker Special Summons " Backup Secretary " (1200/800) by its own effect. Playmaker uses "Linkslayer" and "Backup Secretary" to Link Summon " Space Insulator " to the Extra Monster Zone. Playmaker Special Summons " Link Infra-Flier " (0/1800) from his hand to the bottom Link Point of "Space Insulator". Playmaker uses "Link Infra-Flier" and "Space Insulator" to Link Summon " Decode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/↙↑↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. Playmaker Normal Summons " Cyberse Wizard " (1800/800) to the bottom-right Link Point of "Decode Talker". "Decode Talker" gains 500 ATK for each monster it points to ("Decode Talker": 2300 → 2800 ATK). Playmaker Sets a card.
 "Decode Talker" attacks "Spreader Queen" (Faust: 4000 → 3600 LP). As an Insect monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, Faust activates the effect of "Wormhole Defense", destroying a "Motor Worm Token" to prevent the destruction of the monster ("Spreader Queen": 2400 → 1700 ATK). "Cyberse Wizard" attacks and destroys "Spreader Queen" (Faust: 3600 → 3500 LP). Faust activates his face-down Trap Card " Worm Revival ", Special Summoning a  Link -3 or lower Insect Link Monster from his  GY , then Special Summoning a "Motor Worm Token" to the Link Point of that Link Monster. He Special Summons "Spreader Queen" (1000/LINK-3/←↙↓) and Special Summons a "Motor Worm Token" (0/0) to the left Link Point of "Spreader Queen" ("Spreader Queen": 1000 → 2400 ATK). While "Spreader Queen" is on the field, Playmaker cannot attack "Motor Worm Tokens". Faust activates his face-down Continuous Trap Card " Egg Clutch ", to negate the effects of a monster Playmaker controls in the  Main Monster Zone , change it to Defense Position and make it an Insect monster. While "Egg Clutch" is on the field, that monster cannot change battle positions. He selects "Cyberse Wizard" ("Spreader Queen": 2400 → 3100 ATK).
 Turn 3: Faust 
Faust activates the effect of "Egg Clutch", Tributing an Insect monster he controls to Special Summon two "Motor Worm Tokens" to Playmaker's field. He Tributes his "Motor Worm Token" ("Spreader Queen": 3100 → 3800 ATK). Faust activates the effect of "Spreader Queen", Special Summoning a "Motor Worm Token" to the left Link Point of "Spreader Queen" ("Spreader Queen": 3800 → 4500 ATK). Faust activates the Continuous Spell Card " Motor Worm Gate ". If all of Playmaker's monsters are Insect, an Insect Faust controls can attack directly.
 "Spreader Queen" attacks and destroys "Decode Talker" (Playmaker: 4000 → 2300 LP). Faust activates his  Skill  "Double Bite", to allow an Insect monster he controls to attack twice this turn. He targets "Spreader Queen". "Spreader Queen" attacks directly, but Playmaker activates his face-down Trap Card " Urgent Link ", to halve the battle damage, then choose to Link Summon a Cyberse Link Monster after the battle (Playmaker: 2300 → 50 LP). The effect of "Wormhole Defense" prevents Playmaker from using Insect monsters as Link Material for a Link Summon.
 Turn 4: Playmaker 
Playmaker draws and subsequently activates the Quick-Play Spell Card " Cybersal Cyclone ", banishing a Link Monster from his GY, then destroying Faust's Link Monster with the same Link Rating as the banished monster. He banishes "Decode Talker" to destroy "Spreader Queen", but Faust destroys a "Motor Worm Token" by the effect of "Wormhole Defense" to prevent the destruction of "Spreader Queen" ("Spreader Queen": 4500 → 3800 ATK). As the monster that was banished by the effect of "Cybersal Cyclone" is a Cyberse monster, the effect of "Cybersal Cyclone" destroys a card in Faust's  Spell & Trap Zone . He destroys "Wormhole Defense". Faust activates the effect of "Spreader Queen", Special Summoning a "Motor Worm Token" ("Spreader Queen": 3800 → 4500 ATK).
 At this point, Playmaker enters the Data Storm. Playmaker activates his Skill "Storm Access", which allows him to randomly access a card from a Data Storm when his LP is 1000 or less. Playmaker obtains "Powercode Talker" and adds it to his Extra Deck.
 Playmaker uses two "Motor Worm Tokens" and "Cyberse Wizard" to Link Summon " Powercode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/←↙→) to the Extra Monster Zone ("Spreader Queen": 4500 → 2400 ATK). As a Cyberse Link Monster was Link Summoned, Playmaker activates the effect of "Space Insulator" in his GY, Special Summoning it to the bottom-left Link Point of "Powercode Talker". Playmaker activates the effect of "Powercode Talker" to negate the effects of a face-up monster on the field until the End Phase. He negates the effects of "Spreader Queen" ("Spreader Queen": 2400 → 1000 ATK).
 "Powercode Talker" attacks "Spreader Queen". As "Powercode Talker" is battling Faust's monster, Playmaker activates its effect, Tributing a monster it points to in order to double the original ATK of "Powercode Talker". He Tributes "Space Insulator" ("Powercode Talker": 2300 → 4600 ATK). The attack continues and "Spreader Queen" is destroyed (Faust: 3500 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Secretary 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Link Infra-Flier 
 Linkslayer Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Powercode Talker 
 Space Insulator Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cybersal Cyclone 
 Traps 
 Urgent Link 
 
 Faust Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Motor Worm Spreader Queen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Motor Worm Bait 
 Motor Worm Gate 
 Wormhole Defense 
 Traps 
 Egg Clutch 
 Worm Revival 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Helixx Gothiclone 
 Helixx Necro Darwin 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Vrains_028.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171122140751', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Playmaker_VS_Faust.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20171122152641']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes