Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_160


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 融合する魂!ネオスVS F·G·D 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five-Headed Dragon 
 
 
 Number 
 160 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 7, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Honest 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " 
 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " 
 
 
 
 
 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five-Headed Dragon ", known as " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and sixtieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 7, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 29, 2016.
 Yusuke Fujiwara  is revealed to be  the Duel Spirit of Honest , who was previously the real Fujiwara's  Spirit Partner . He vows to avenge his master, but is ultimately talked down by  Jaden .  Trueman  attacks again and Jaden uses Honest's powers to aid in his  Duel  against him.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Jaden  confronts  Yusuke Fujiwara  at the  Abandoned Dorm  and urges him to reveal his true identity - that of  Duel Spirit, Honest . Fujiwara complies, sprouting wings and transforming into this true form, confirming Jaden's words - he is the Duel Spirit of " Honest ". Jaden's friends question how a Duel Spirit could manifest in their world and Jaden tells them to run before Honest  attacks . Intent on avenging his master, Honest attacks, shooting feathers at the group. Jaden blocks the attack with his  Duel Disk . Honest then opts to eliminate Jaden first. As Honest shoots more feathers at Jaden, they are blocked by cards and  Axel  appears, having used his  Duel Disk 's ability to double as a card-firing gun to save Jaden.
 Trueman  is watching the scene, once again conversing with what appear to be clones of himself. They comment that it would be convenient if Honest rid them of Jaden, confirming that they are not in league with one another. As Axel barely gets Jaden to safety, the  Abandoned Dorm  collapses in on itself and Honest emerges. Jaden argues that rampaging like this will not bring back Yusuke Fujiwara and Honest counters that Fujiwara would have been able to solve the incident that's now occurring and says that can't happen now, as  Atticus  let him die.
 Atticus says he tried to save him, but Fujiwara was consumed by darkness. As Honest attacks again, Axel fires " Volcanic Scattershot " and " Volcanic Shell " from his Duel Disk, but after he finds out he's ran out of ammo. Jaden's eyes change to the orange and green bichromatic style of  Yubel  and he  Summons  " Elemental Hero Neos ", whose  spirit  manifests physically, shooting a beam to destroy Honest's feather assault. Jaden reveals to both Honest and his friends that Yubel's spirit is now fused with his own.  Jaden questions Honest and what is going on and Honest reveals that the " World of Darkness " has appeared in one of the  Duel Monster dimensions  and is slowly consuming it.
 Honest states that the World of Darkness used to exist between the dimensions, but it's now expanding into them, slowly eating away at them. This is shown on-screen at the castle from the  Waking the Dragons  arc of the  second series anime . Darkness is slowly creeping into the edges of the dimension. Honest describes  Duel Monsters  cards as the gates that connect each dimension to this one and that they connect the souls of the  Duelist  to the souls of the Duel Monster. The more a Duelist cares for their cards, the stronger that bond becomes. However, cards that are not cared for become tainted in darkness - and it is why certain cards do not respond to Duel Disks.
 If these cards are left the way they are, the World of Darkness will seep into the human dimension via the cards.  Trueman  and his clones are still watching and determine that Honest won't eliminate Jaden and that they must combine their power to defeat him. The five merge together. Trueman descends and critically wounds Honest, saying that it takes a lot of energy for a Duel monster to manifest itself in this world, at it looks like Honest no longer has the energy to even exist. Jaden goes to Honest and he admits that he was foolish to think he could live in this world.
 He states he could never admit that he was miserable - as long ago, Fujiwara removed "Honest" from his  Deck . Jaden reveals he had found the card during his investigation and theorizes that Fujiwara treasured it - but he removed Honest from his Deck so as not to get it involved in his research of into the powers of  Nightshroud . Jaden offers to let Honest live within his soul, as it fades away, it's energy is absorbed by Jaden, who places the "Honest" card in his Deck before  shuffling .
 The  Duel  begins, with Trueman  activating  " Future Fusion " to  Summon  " Five-Headed Dragon " for two  turns  later. Jaden comments he'll just end the Duel before that time comes, but Trueman activates " Dragon's Mirror ", immediately  Summoning  another "Five-Headed Dragon", with the first still set to appear two turns later. Trueman also activates " Skill Drain ",  negating  the  effects  of all  Effect Monsters . Jaden barely survives each turn by  negating   attacks  and  Summoning  a wall of  Defense Position  monsters.
 Trueman  Sets  " Dragon's Rage ", which would give "Five-Headed Dragon" the  Piercing  effect. He also has " The Dragon's Bead "  Set , which would negate effects that  target  "Five-Headed Dragon". Trueman believes his victory is assured. However, Jaden wins using "Honest" to power up "Elemental Hero Neos" and win the Duel. Trueman vows they will meet again. Jaden's friends now realize that Jaden was avoiding them so that they wouldn't become involved in another incident because of him. Despite this, they vow to help him anyway.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 Turn 1: Trueman 
Trueman draws " Future Fusion " and subsequently activates it to  send  " Des Volstgalph ", " Rare Metal Dragon ", " Spear Dragon ", " Spirit Ryu " and " Infernal Dragon " from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  and  Fusion Summon  " Five-Headed Dragon " during his second Standby Phase after the activation of "Future Fusion". Trueman then activates " Dragon's Mirror " to remove from play the five  Dragon -type monsters in his Graveyard and Fusion Summon "Five-Headed Dragon" (5000/5000) in Attack Position. He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " and subsequently Normal Summons it (900/300) in  Attack Position . "Grand Mole" attacks "Five-Headed Dragon" with Jaden intending to return both monsters to their respective owner's  hands  without applying damage calculation, but Trueman activates his face-down " Skill Drain " by paying 1000  Life Points  (Trueman 4000 → 3000). Now all face-up monsters on the field will have their effects negated while "Skill Drain" is face-up. Jaden activates " Battle x 2 " to double the ATK of "Grand Mole" as its original ATK is less than half the ATK of "Five-Headed Dragon" ("Grand Mole": 900 → 1800/300). "Five-Headed Dragon" then destroys "Grand Mole" (Jaden 4000 → 800). Jaden Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Trueman 
Trueman draws. "Five-Headed Dragon" attacks  directly , but Jaden activates his face-down " Negate Attack " to negate the attack and end the  Battle Phase . Trueman Sets a card (" The Dragon's Bead ").
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Convert Contact ". Jaden's hand contains " Space Gift ", " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix ", and " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ". Jaden then activates "Convert Contact" to send "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" and " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab " from his hand and Deck to the Graveyard and  draw  two cards. Jaden then Normal Summons "Elemental Hero Burstinatrix" (1200/800) in  Defense Position .
 Jaden then activates " Cocoon Party " to  Special Summon  a " Chrysalis " monster for every " Neo-Spacian " in his Graveyard with a different name. There are three, so Jaden Special Summons " Chrysalis Pantail " (800/300), " Chrysalis Chicky " (600/400) and " Chrysalis Pinny " (100/700) in Defense Position. Jaden then activates " Contact " to send his three "Chrysalis" monsters to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther " (1000/500), " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird " (800/600) and " Neo-Spacian Glow Moss " (300/900) in Defense Position.
 Jaden then activates "Space Gift" to draw a card for every "Neo-Spacian" monster he controls. There are three, so Jaden draws three cards (" NEX ", "Gallis the Star Beast", and " O - Oversoul "). Jaden then activates the effect of " Gallis the Star Beast " to show it to Trueman and send the top card of his Deck to the Graveyard (" Elemental Hero Neos "). Since the sent card was a monster, "Gallis the Star Beast" is Special Summoned (800/800) in Defense Position and Trueman takes damage equal to the sent monster's Level times 100. "Neos" was Level 7 (Trueman 3000 → 2300). [Notes 1] 
 Turn 5: Trueman 
Trueman draws. During his  Standby Phase , "Future Fusion" Fusion Summons Trueman's second "Five-Headed Dragon" (5000/5000) in Attack Position. Trueman then activates " Thousand Punisher " to Tribute one "Five-Headed Dragon" and make the ATK of the second copy 1000 ("Five-Headed Dragon": 5000 → 1000/5000) in order to allow it to attack once for every multiple of 1000 ATK that "Five-Headed Dragon" had. "Five-Headed Dragon" had 5000 ATK, so "Five-Headed Dragon" gets to attack five times. Since the "Five-Headed Dragon" Fusion Summoned via "Future Fusion" was removed from the field, "Future Fusion" is destroyed. 
 "Five-Headed Dragon" attacks and destroys "Dark Panther", "Air Hummingbird", "Glow Moss", "Burstinatrix", and "Gallis". Trueman Sets a card (" Dragon's Rage "). On Trueman's End Phase, the effect of "Thousand Punisher" expires ("Five-Headed Dragon": 1000 → 5000/5000). Trueman intends to activate "Dragon's Rage" on his next turn to grant "Five-Headed Dragon" the ability to inflict piercing damage and win the Duel.
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Honest ". He then activates "O - Oversoul" to Special Summon "Elemental Hero Neos" from his Graveyard (2500/2000) in Attack Position. "Neos" then attacks "Five-Headed Dragon". Jaden then sends "Honest" from his hand to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Neos" by the ATK of "Five-Headed Dragon" until the End Phase ("Neos": 2500 → 7500/2000). "Neos" then destroys "Five-Headed Dragon" (Trueman 2300 → 0). [Notes 2] 
 
 Trivia 
 Jaden defeats "F.G.D." in virtually the same way  Yugi  did in episode  113  of the  original series . In both cases, the move is accomplished by combining their ace monsters with another to attain the effect of increasing the attacking monster's  ATK  points by those of the attack target, "F.G.D.". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Axel Brodie Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Volcanic Scattershot 
 Volcanic Shell 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Card Trooper [Notes 3] 
 Chrysalis Chicky 
 Chrysalis Pantail 
 Chrysalis Pinny 
 Elemental Hero Bladedge [Notes 3] 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman [Notes 3] 
 Elemental Hero Neo Bubbleman [Notes 3] 
 Gallis the Star Beast 
 Honest 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle x 2 
 Cocoon Party 
 Common Soul [Notes 3] 
 Convert Contact 
 Contact 
 O - Oversoul 
 NEX 
 R - Righteous Justice [Notes 3] 
 Skyscraper 2 - Hero City [Notes 3] 
 Space Gift 
 Traps 
 Elemental Burst [Notes 3] 
 Negate Attack 
 Super Junior Confrontation [Notes 3] 
 
 Trueman Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Des Volstgalph 
 Infernal Dragon 
 Rare Metal Dragon 
 Spear Dragon 
 Spirit Ryu Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Five-Headed Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Future Fusion 
 Thousand Punisher 
 Traps 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Skill Drain 
 The Dragon's Bead 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the  effect  of  " Gallis the Star Beast " deals  damage  equal to 200 times the  sent   monster 's  Level . 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the effect of " Honest " power-ups  LIGHT - attribute  monsters, not  Warrior - Type  monsters. In both cases, " Elemental Hero Neos " would be a valid  target  for its effect. 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   3.5   3.6   3.7   3.8   This card can be seen when  Jaden  searches his Deck with " Convert Contact ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/Series160.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121205212910', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes