Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Forum:Your_own_card_chant


 
 Forums: 
 Index   →   General Yu-Gi-Oh! Discussion   →  Your own card chant 
 
 
 
 Please sign your comments with ~~~~. See  Help:Signature  and  Help:Talk pages  for further information. 
 
 
 
 
 
  This forum thread has been unedited for  3044 days  and is considered archived. Please don't add to the discussion, unless absolutely necessary.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives
 
 
 
 Archive 1 
 Archive 3 
 
 
 Number 39 Utopia: I overlay these 2 monsters and construct the Overlay Network. Almighty warrior of light, please descend from your throne and bring me victory in this fight. Illuminate the darkness with all your might and defeat all enemies of the light. Behold the Guardian of the Original Number. Arise My very Soul! Number 39 Utopia!
 Number C39 Utopia Ray: I Overlay Utopia and construct the Overlay Network once again. When the power of Hope alone is not enough, a new power shall be combined from the power of Light and Darkness. The Power of Chaos shall be wielded by utopia to defeat all his enemies. Go Chaos XYZ Evolution! Utopia Be Reborn as: Chaos Number 39 Utopia Ray!
 Number C39 Utopia Ray V: I activate Rank-Up Magic Limited Barian's Force! When the power of Hope combines with the Force of Barian World, Utopia shall defeat all who oppose him. And Utopia shall gain more power to defeat all who stand against him! Witness Utopia's Dark Side: Chaos Number 39 Utopia Ray V!
 Number C39 Utopia Ray Victory: I activate Rank-Up Magic Numeron Force! After conquering the darkness in his heart, Utopia has become evermore powerful! Darkness is always brightened by the light, so we'll have a Shining Future! Utopia Be Reborn as: Chaos Number 39 Utopia Ray Victory!
 Number 39 Utopia Roots: I activate Rank-Down Magic Numeron Fall! Utopia shall now travel back in time and become stronger. Even the weakest of warrior's, if he have the courage, can defeat even the strongest foes! Utopia Be Reborn as: Number 39 Utopia Roots!
 Number 39 Beyond the Hope: I activate Rank-Up Magic Astral Force! Utopia shall now become almost undefeatable. Let his name be marked on history in eternal glory. Now Utopia shall go beyond the legendary power of Hope! Utopia Be Reborn as: Number 39 Beyond the Hope! 
 Number 99 Hope Dragon: I activate Double Rank-Up Magic Ultimate Hope Force! Utopia has achieved his full potential. He has now become a deity of unstoppable might. He is now the God of Hope! Utopia Be Reborn as: Number 99 Hope Dragon!
 Number F0 Future Hope: 1000 years into the future the successor of Utopia has risen. After utilizing the Power of Light, The Power of Chaos, and the Power of Hope he has reawakened a new power: The Power of Astral World! With this new power he has exceeded the potential of the Legendary Utopia! I XYZ Summon Utopia's very descendant: Future Number 0 Future Hope! Number Hunter3932  ( talk  •  contribs )
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Seantierry        Barbaroid the Ultimate Battle Machine 
 2   Thousand Eyes Idol 
 3   BROOKLYN RAGE! Chants 
 4   It might be weird but let's try 
 5   Length of Speech 
 6   Sophia 
 7   Hail to the Deities and their Emissary of Chaos 
 8   my synch chant 
 9   Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 10   Dino Chants 
 11   Hundred eyes dragon by Dante 
 12   Hundred eyes dragon by Dante 
 13   Hundred eyes dragon classic Dark Synchro 
 14   Pikeru's Chants 
 15   Dark highlander by Dante 
 16   Dark highlander by Dante 
 17   Baby tiragon by Dante 
 18   Nova's Chants 
 19   my own chants 
 20   Phoenix Gearfried 
 21   
 22   Synchrons 
 23   My card chants 
 24   A little surprised this topic is still going but..... 
 25   What I've Done 
 26   Light and Darkness Dragon 
 27   Various Chants 
 28   ZW Xyz 
 29   Genex Summoning Chants 
 30   Few Chants by Imadmagician 
 31   Some I made up 
 32   There are my personal chants(YGOPro cards i like) 
 33   Exodia 
 34   Madolche Puddingcess and Queen Tiaramisu chants? 
 35   Random Chants 
 36   Wicked Gods 
 37   Chaos Xyz Chants 
 38   Evolzar Dolka 
 39   Scrap Dragon 
 40   Blue-Eyed Silver Dragon 
 41   Vylon Chants 
 42   My machines 
 43   Numbers 
 44   Scrap and more 
 45   Sun Dragon Overlord 
 46   general 
 47   More chants by dante 
 48   History's Best 
 49   My Various chants for my Various Monsters 
 50   Here's mine 
 51   The Atmosphere 
 52   My 'Ace card' chants 
 53   32 Chant 
 54   Hieroglypic Dragon King - Atumus / Hieratic Dragon King of Atum 
 55   Number 49: Fortune Tune 
 56   Number 107 
 57   My turn, I guess... 
 58   Blue-Eyes 
 59   My Personal Chants 
 60   My Summon Chants 
 61   Evolzar/Jurrac 
 62   Deus Ex Machina 
 63   Hyozanryu 
 64   KrspaceT's chants 
 65   Asura's Chants 
 66   My Ace Monster Chants 
 67   Nova's Summoning chant 
 
 
 Seantierry        Barbaroid the Ultimate Battle Machine 
 I will post my arcanite magician chant soon...
 
Identifying fusion... Fusion identified. Fusion ID - BTUBM. Systems Initialize! 
Level Max. Primary gears, operatonial. Secondarie gears idetified, On. Fusion 
Materials, 5 and fusing. All Clear! Enter the final stage. When the power of 
five becomes one, the ultimate weapon will rise from the heart of machines!
Final stage complete. Ultimate Vehicle Fusion!  Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine ! Fusion Success.
 
Waterfall seared by emotion, unable to think, touching the darkness, waiting souls to call mine. Ice Maiden, release your power from the depths of cosmic resonance freezing time and space! Xyz summon! Ice and snow  shall now prosper engulfing the world in eternal winter!  Number 19: Freezerdon !
 
Volcano frozen by emotion, unable to stop thinking, touching the light, hunting souls to calls mine. Gentleman of fire, release your power from the depths of cosmic resonance searing time and space! Xyz summon! Magma and lava shall now prosper engulfing the world in eternal summer!  Number 61: Volcasaurus !
 
 Thousand Eyes Idol 
 I quit
 
 (clap)... (clap)... (clap)... -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:56, January 22, 2012 (UTC) 
 
 
 BROOKLYN RAGE! Chants 
 Born from the fire is a legendary beast thought extinct for years.Rise from the ashes and reverse the extinction of dinosaurs.Show your burning rage, Evolzar Soldde 
 BROOKLYN RAGE!  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:46, January 29, 2012 (UTC)BROOKLYN RAGE
 
 It might be weird but let's try 
 With the powers of the 2 fighters i offer,Let the ultimate force come and dominate this place! ACTIVATE! NINJITSU ART OF SUPER TRANSFORMATION!
 also
 When the ninjas break through their limits anew power will be created from their spirits! DASH OUT!  White Dragon Ninja !
-- LG  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:38, January 29, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 
 Length of Speech 
 Just wondering, how long do you guys like your summoning chant to be? You guys like long enough to be epic, like 5d's, or short and right to the point, like Zexal? 
 Also, imagine you guys use every chants you have in real life. The other player is going to be like "Anymore?" impatiently. lol  LastMinute  ( talk  •  contribs ) 08:07, February 11, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Sophia 
 "The time for change has come. Beings of  sacrifice ,  bonds ,  hopes , and  desires , discard your bodies to usher in a new age! Purge the world of its mistakes so that it can be rebuilt anew! Descend upon us,  Genesis Star God, Sophia !" 
 ...I'd better be getting over 200 DP for that Summoning bonus alone.-- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:16, February 20, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Hail to the Deities and their Emissary of Chaos 
 " Oh, Lord of  Dark World . God of lightning, darkness, and evil that stands to corrupt. Rise from the ashes of these fiendish tributes and crush your opponents and enslave the strong. Break the barrier!  Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World ! "
 " Bringer of thunder and skies that roar. Dragon god, it is time to soar. Show force of unmatched height. Instill hope with thine might.  Slifer the Sky Dragon ! "
 " Come forth from thy underground. Mountains are thrust at the sound. Fear wakes at the view of your glory. Show your anger and end this story.  Obelisk the Tormentor "
 " Light fades and darkness is no more. From the Twilight dawn this Sorcerer of ultimate power. Make examples of your foes. Send them to a world of no return. Come forth!  Chaos Sorcerer ! "
 Xerdek! 03:07, February 22, 2012 (UTC)
 
 my synch chant 
 ancient beast hear my cry. it is time for my opponent to die. rise so i can  take my prize. syncro summon my  monster
 Killerman3333  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:08, February 23, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 (By saying the names of the banished monsters), Connect your powers to set everything to dark, even the rainbow! Appear incarnation of eternal darkness,  Rainbow Dark Dragon !
 
 Dino Chants 
 " From long ago, frozen in time. Shatter your prison and come forth,  Frostosaurus "
 " Shattered ground and distant roar, my foes will go - KABLAMMO!!,For here he comes, this teribble beast -  Ultimate Tyranno " Ravingrodent  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:42, March 5, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Hundred eyes dragon by Dante 
 For hundred eyed dragon : the tortured eyes of the long dead open to close the eyes of the living in a tormented slumber in which there is no escape become the embodiment of their hate, with eyes of malice and evil go dark synchro summon hundred eyes dragon.
 
 Hundred eyes dragon by Dante 
 For hundred eyed dragon : the tortured eyes of the long dead open to close the eyes of the living in a tormented slumber in which there is no escape become the embodiment of their hate, with eyes of malice and evil go dark synchro summon hundred eyes dragon.
 
 Hundred eyes dragon classic Dark Synchro 
 When the shadows are devoured by even darker shadows, the curtain pull back... To reveal a world without light! Dark synchro Summon! One-Hundred Eyes Dragon!
 
 Pikeru's Chants 
 Dance, all the way to victory, I summon  Cyber Blader ! 
 Let's win this, and prostitute ourselves while doing it! I summon  Sunny Pixie ! 
 Baa-Baa Black Sheep, I summon  Ebon Magician Curran  to my side of the field. 
 Fly my precious slores, I summon  Harpie Queen ! (When prostitutes fly.) 
 
 Dark highlander by Dante 
 This lone fighters scythe of freedom cuts through the chains of oppression and evil rule, the people cried out for a hero and one was born from darkness, disarm and reap the souls of the corrupt and raise your scythe for revolution because there can only be one.... DARK HIGHLANDER!
 
 Dark highlander by Dante 
 This lone fighters scythe of freedom cuts through the chains of oppression and evil rule, the people cried out for a hero and one was born from darkness, disarm and reap the souls of the corrupt and raise your scythe for revolution because there can only be one.... DARK HIGHLANDER!
 
 Baby tiragon by Dante 
 The three that are one become the one that is all embrace the true heart of the meek for they will inherit the earth, rise young dragon BABY TYRAGON!!!  
Afterwards: baby tiragon appears duelist says to baby tiragon " did u like the chant?" baby tiragon nods " good then u won't be as angry about doing this, baby tiragon I deisitach one exeed material from baby tiragon for machine emperor granel to attack dierectly" baby tiragon looks up at the towering 100 tone machine about to jump on it's back and flipped of the duelist a split second before granel crushed it under it's weight.
 
 
 Nova's Chants 
 I have one for Scrap, one for Steelswarm, and one specifically for Darkness Destroyer
 Scrap:  Great power rises from what seems like ordinary trash! Now I summon Scrap Twin Dragon! 
 Steelswarm:  Up from the depths of Hell rises a creature that will swallow your soul and infect you with fear! Now rise, Steelswarm Hercules!! 
 Darkness Destroyer:  Now say hello to a beast that does not know the meaning of mercy, but knows what malevolence means all to well! Come forth, Darkness Destroyer!   -- Novafan365, master of scrap  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:57, May 6, 2012 (UTC)
 
 my own chants 
 Alright...
Earth and Acid unite to form a new monstrosity! Beware it's uncontrollable power! Xyz summon! Rise, No.30: Acid Golem of Destruction!
 When flesh and metal are fused, a new power is released! Spread your wings and breath scorching fire! Appear, Red Eyes Metal Darkness Dragon!
 Earth's last stand rises to defend against all evil. Roar and show your might! Synchro summon! Appear, Naturia Leodrake!
 The Dragon of light can never be beat. Deliver death to all who think otherwise! Soar, Blue-Eyes White Dragon!
 Earth's mighty fortress appears after years of slumber. Synchro summon! Endure on, Naturia Landloise!
 When light and darkness collide, an unstoppable power is unleashed. Rise and annihilate all, Chaos Sorcerer!
 The warrior which will protect all from darkness! Xyz summon! Make a stand, No.39: Utopia!
 Born from a star of a new universe. Unleash your might upon us all! show yourself, Lightpulsar dragon!
 BattleSpiritSlifer  ( talk  •  contribs ) 12:05, May 6, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Phoenix Gearfried 
 The chivalrous warrior whose burning spirit calls forth the weak! With blazing wings, be (re)born from your ashes (again): Phoenix Gearfried!
 81.101.127.84  ( talk ) 16:58, May 12, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Nitro Warrior: As new chemicals bond with old ones, appear from the dust whence they came! Blast forward, Nitro Warrior!
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning: As the LIGHT and the DARK descend to form one great force, appear from the dust! Arise onward, Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning! Annihilate all living organisms!
 
 
 Synchrons 
 Imbued with the power of my cards, come forth and destroy my enemies,  Junk Destroyer ! 
 Tremble in fear as my beast rampages, ravages, and causes destruction! Come forth,  Junk Berserker ! 
 I summon you,  Ally of Justice Catastor ! Ha, just kidding. It's  Junk Warrior !! 
 Billy bennai,   Master of Synchrons  01:32, June 29, 2012 (UTC)
 
 My card chants 
 Jinzo 
"See the tricks and break the lies, Psycho Automaton, Jinzo!
"Mindshock!"
 
Machina Fortress 
"Lock on and shoot to kill, Mobile Armory, Machina Fortress!"
"Lock on and fire, Gearshot Cannon!"
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
"Threshold reached, situation critical, Overload Fusion activated! Come on, Hydra of dark gears, Chimeratech Overdragon!" 
"Omnidevastation Cannon!"
 
 A little surprised this topic is still going but..... 
 Suppress anything standing in your way, let nothing become your obstacle, come out  Evilswarm Ophion !
 All your enemies must drown in terror at your sight. Use your roar of a thousand lion! Come out,  Atlantean Dragon Poseidra !
 An old legend returns to the field to bring back and save what's rightfully ours, come out old friend!  Stardust Dragon !  Fallensilence  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:18, July 17, 2012 (UTC)
 
 What I've Done 
 Ok, so I decided to make a chant for each of my favorite monsters for when I summon them for the first time each duel. A friend of mine occasionally asks me to make one for the ace monster in his deck, so I come up with a few.
 Let loose your soul and Roar! Let the Earth tremble at your power! Slash the skies with your claws! Come forth:  Gogiga Gagagigo ! 
 
 The Lord of all Spellcasters is here! Disrupt their traps with your mighty Power! Special Summon:  Sorcerer of Dark Magic ! 
 
 When Darkness and Light collide, a powerful Dragon will emerge! Descend!  Light and Darkness Dragon ! 
 Oh, you've done it now! The synthesis of man and wolf has created an awesome creature! King of Wolves! Unleash your fury! Ritual Summon:  Lycanthrope ! 
 
 The One who holds dominion over Dragons is here! Disrupt their spells with your mighty Power! Fusion Summon:  Dark Paladin ! 
 
 Burning Soul! Travel at the speed of light to arrive at my call. From the far reaches of space, to this place right now. Roar as I declare the victory that your past could not achieve! I Double Tune my  Red Dragon Archfiend  with _____ and _____ to Synchro Summon:  Red Nova Dragon ! 
 
 Freeze the heavens, the earth, and the underworld with your mighty power! Let the enemy fear the frozen wasteland that is left in your aftermath! Roar your way to victory! Synchro Summon:  Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ! 
 
 When the darkness in my soul is revealed, a supernatural being will appear! Utterly destroy the enemy! Synchro Summon:  Dark Diviner ! 
 
 I use these three monsters to create the overlay network. From the depths of Darkness, ascend to me my ace monster! Sap the enemy's strength and use it against them! Xyz Summon:  Number 96: Dark Mist ! 
 
 I use these two monsters to create the overlay network. Grow from the sea into a powerful ship! Sink all others with your mighty cannons! Xyz Summon:  Number 50: Blackship of Corn ! 
 
 I use these three monsters to create the overlay network. Victory comes with the Awakening of a great Hero! Let this be mine as I bring forth a new general! Defeat the demons in your own soul and arise! Xyz Summon:  Gagagigo the Awakened ! 
 
 I'll probably have a few more added eventually.-- Charles Xaqairy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:14, July 23, 2012 (UTC)
 Here's another:
 When the darkness in my soul is revealed, a frozen demon will appear! Stop him dead in his tracks! Freeze the very earth he stands on! Synchro Summon!  Frozen Fitzgerald ! -- Charles Xaqairy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:11, July 25, 2012 (UTC)
 When the 7 colors of light combine, a Dragon of great power will arise. Let them know of your greatness! Special Summon:  Rainbow Dragon ! 
 
 When 7 shades of Darkness combine, a Dragon of great power will arise. Let them fear your greatness! Special Summon:  Rainbow Dark Dragon ! 
 
 When the 7 color of light are corrupted, a Dragon of great power will arise. Corrupt their souls with your greatness! Special Summon:  Malefic Rainbow Dragon ! 
 
 Creatures of great minds will combine to form a creature with an even greater mind. Merge into a great Psychic! Fusion Summon:  Ultimate Axon Kicker ! 
 
 Even the ancient Pharaoh's guard has a leader. Help me lead your brethren to victory. Sitting upon your throne, the Pharaoh's guard will be triumphant! Increase in Power:  Gravekeeper's Visionary ! 
 
 Charles Xaqairy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:11, November 6, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Light and Darkness Dragon 
 Light and darkness are one and the same. From the void of light and darkness comes a creature, a beast of true might. Arise from the void a creature of light and dark, ARISE LIGHT AND DARKNESS DRAGON!!!
 
 Various Chants 
 "I construct the network to the fifth degree, opening the gate of the divine! Accept these kindred souls! Descend upon this lowly world and cleanse it with radiance! Overlay,  Tiras, Keeper of Genesis !"
 "The winds bring change to even the most shattered worlds! [Name of tuner], give your gift to this child of Gusto and awaken the power to turn the tides! Our hearts ring out! Synchro Summon! Our new hope,  Daigusto Sphreez !"
 "The winds erode even the mightiest stones down to dust! [Name of tuner], give your strength to this child of Gusto and awaken the power to erase the obstacles that stand in our way! We shout with passion! Synchro Summon! Our mighty champion,  Daigusto Eguls !"
 "The winds give aid to even the tiniest seeds! [Name of tuner], give your wings to this child of Gusto and awaken the power that resounds through us all! We rise up together! Synchro Summon! Our uplifting breeze,  Daigusto Falcos !"
 "The winds change the ruins of the past into a devastating storm! [Name of tuner], give your memory to this child of Gusto and awaken the power to echo throughout history! We will never surrender! Synchro Summon! Our future secured,  Daigusto Gulldos !"
 "I construct the network to the fourth degree, opening the gate of the sky! Accept these kindred souls! Enter this world, child of Gusto, and bring us into a new tomorrow! Overlay,  Daigusto Emeral !"
 
 ZW Xyz 
 From the churned-up mass of the demonic worlds, an all-colored light blazes up as the king that rules over all myths arises along with the gleam of chaos and lightning. A pure, gold vibration that cracks the very air apart; become the flame  that ignites both heaven and earth, and rush across excelight! The seething howl of the beast emperor now becomes a burnt, golden arch that engulfs everything into a nihility of ethereal flare.  Z ࿇ YZ ! Exhale, ZW - Leo Arms! 
 Mad Rest  20:56, August 30, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Genex Summoning Chants 
 Genex Solar: Guardian Reactor of Light, Powered by the sun, shine your Bright rays down to burn through our enemies, Descend from the skies, Genex Solar!
 Genex Ally Triarm: Powerful Automaton with Mastery over The wind, the oceans and the shadows, Come Forth and fight for what is right, Appear, Genex Ally Triarm!
 Genex Ally Triforce: Mighty Android who Commands the Earth, the flames and the dark piercing light, Emerge and join our battle for Justice, Go, Genex Ally Triforce!
 Genex Ally Axel: Rapid Fighter of the Genex Allies, Dash forward into action as swiftly as the wind, Use your rapidity and ready your duel disk to battle, Emerge, Genex Ally Axel!  Imadmagician  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:27, October 5, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 Few Chants by Imadmagician 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis : When pure rage and a vengeful spirit fuse with sheer determination, a blazing path of destruction shall open, a Titan shall become one with the Earth's plates and core themselves and kneel before me as my servant emanating the heat and chaos of a thousand Volcanoes, appear NUMBER 6, CHRONOMALY ATLANDIS!  Imadmagician  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:32, October 17, 2012 (UTC)
 Vylon Disigma : Pure souls of radiant light and the will to spread divine Justice will cut a path through darkness from heavens to this world, an emissary of the Seraphs will descend to this plane to purge the world from all Hearts in which lurks evil, Appear as my servant, the seraph with golden wings, and help me destroy all traces of darkness infecting every creature's soul, VYLON DISIGMA!  Imadmagician  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:41, October 17, 2012 (UTC)
 Dragon knight Dragon-Equiste 
 
 
 The dragon and the knight will merge to a powerful being! Fusion Summon! appear on my side,  Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste !-- 91.140.40.218  ( talk ) 16:06, November 9, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Some I made up 
 The pieces shall return together, forming the complete body, giving the Ultimate Monster it's most dangerous power again.  Exodia  Obliterate!
 Prepare for the full Dark Magic that can be displayed as I prepare to give an old spell it's power back, assist me,  Dark Magician Of Chaos !
 Get ready for the ultimate power that can cover the field as I give my monsters the benefit of  The Seal Of Orichalcos !
 Let the power of reprogramming take it's course on a dragon of gears and bolts to give me dangerous powers. I summon the  Malefic Cyber End Dragon !
 The original dragon, it has seen better days, now watch as I reincarnate it as the  Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon !
 This dragon is known for a connection to courage, courage that can be unleashed even more easily now I make the  Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon  rise!
 Corruption can affect many things, even something as natural as the spectrum, come fourth,  Malefic Rainbow Dragon !
 Nothing is truly pure, not even the lights in the sky! Let the corrupted gain protection as I summon  Malefic Stardust Dragon !
 Corruption is truly at the highest point when challenged, even when the corrupted have to use their resources for something big.  Malefic Truth Dragon , lend me your power with this payment of life!
 
 There are my personal chants(YGOPro cards i like) 
 Decend true master of dragons and bring me the victory, Show all your might. VICTORIA
 Appear now and show with your lance the true meaning of power. Come BLACK RAY LANCER
 Great beast of sea, emerge out of the deep sea and swallow them BAHAMUT SHARK.
 
The real warrior that deserves his title, show all the migth for your unique presence, Show your self TYLER THE GREAT WARRIOR
 Descend from the sky and answer my prays, protecting all the order with all your power Shine GUARDIAN OF ORDER
 Descend form the sky and purge the evil, the great angel protector of light, make your sword shine AVENGING KNIGHT PARSHATH
 Frozen winds, awake the power of the royalty and during a day freeze the enemy defenses, appear now the most energetic princess, BLIZZARD PRINCESS
 Make all contradictory whit your presence, appear noW WHITE NIGHT DRAGON
 Protect my defenses whit your soul appear my royal servant WHITE DRAGON NINJA
 Protect your friends whit your powert appear NO.12 CRIMSON SHADOW ARMOR NINJA
 Be the most effective slayer and kill your oponent in a sight, Show your blades BLADE ARMOR NINJA
 ?? Be the hero of this ninja story and use your soul to protect your friends, use NINJUTSU ART OF SHADOW SEALING
 -- 75.137.9.140  ( talk ) 06:08, December 17, 2012 (UTC)Setaro
 
 Exodia 
 gg  NeoBatou  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:00, December 19, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Madolche Puddingcess and Queen Tiaramisu chants? 
 I need some chants for these two cards, been using them for a while and I feel kinda bad not introducing what's going to squish my opponent. Anyone got any?-- Let the Number take hold!  17:17, February 7, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Random Chants 
 Great spirits of old, show your might! Show this fool your true and almighty power! Let none stand before your total victory!! I synchro summon!  Fabled Leviathan! 
 A soldier, injured time and again in the service of his friends. This is perseverance, and true loyalty!  Synchro summon! Come again to my aid!  Scarred Warrior! 
 A true master of the sword streaks down from the heavens! Now these monsters join their honor and strength to mark his return to glory! Synchro summon! Come to my aid!  Seven Swords Warrior! 
 The forces of darkness unite! May the combined might of these three monsters destroy the light of destruction and restore the land to peace! Synchro summon!  Ally of Justice Decisive Armor! 
 Dragon’s stand alone and breathe power! For one of the mightiest of all Dragons stands with us and shall bring us victory! Stand as one and know true power! Synchro summon! Rise and lay waste!  Trident Dragion! 
 The winds Gust fiercely, the gales blow with a force unseen by man before! These monsters now use the force of these mighty winds to summon a monster without peer, without equal! SYNCHRO SUMMON! DESCEND AND COMMAND THE WINDS!  MIST VALLEY THUNDER LORD! 
 From the dark depths of the underworld, a beast rises, drown and devour all with your great power! SYNCHRO SUMMON! Rise and crush all!  MIST WURM! 
 Blinding light sweep across the planet, rise and cover the earth with your might! Synchro summon! Shine and know truth!  Blackwing – Gram the Shining Star! 
 Oh great master of our order rise to power and crush all that would oppose you! Annihilate our enemies my lord and rule this world with an iron fist! Synchro Summon! Rise up and rule!  Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En! 
 Great winds of the northern skies rush to into battle! Become victory incarnate and unleash your might! Synchro summon! Soar to greatness and might,  Vortex the Whirlwind! 
 From the darkest corners of the cosmos, From the deepest depths of the universe, an unstoppable creature wakes from its long slumber to wreak havoc once more upon the world! I SYNCHRO SUMMON! RISE!  COSMIC FORTRESS GOL’GAR! 
 Strength grows ever more powerful as might goes unsurpassed! None can defeat it! Synchro summon! Rise, the embodiment of might!  Mighty Warrior! 
 Dragons of this ravine unite to a greater force, let your light shine hope across the land! Synchro summon! Come forth!  Dragunity Knight – Barcha! 
 Oh great swordmaster, rend your enemies with the speed of a raging tornado! Unleash your great wrath upon your enemies and smite them with one swift stroke! Synchro Summon! Rise to battle!  X-Saber Sousa! 
 Glory to those who arise from the depths of despair, glory to those that step to the light and behold victory! XYZ SUMMON! Glory to you,  Starliege Paladynamo! 
 Ultimate power now descends! May your greatness dwarf all in your mighty presence! Your sword strikes down all! I xyz summon! Descend  Heroic Champion – Excalibur! 
 Mighty majesty rises from the great tundra! Let all fear your hunting call! XYZ SUMMON! Howl to the great Northern Sky!  Diamond dire wolf! 
 Watch as the waves ripple and the cannons roar in an infinite night! Let none escape! XYZ SUMMON! Hoist sails,  Number 50: Blackship of Corn! 
 Great bow and archer throughout the ages never failing in your duty! Bring to heel any who would undermine! XYZ SUMMON! Rise!  Heroic Champion Gandiva! 
 Great dragons of old, be reborn in a mighty flame and rise from your ancient tombs! Be reborn in a mighty conflagration! XYZ SUMMON! Arise!  Hieratic Dragon King of Atum! 
 (Honestly, could use some help with chants for Catapult warrior and Gauntlet Shooter)
 76.19.31.134  ( talk ) 06:16, March 9, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Wicked Gods 
 Trebor117  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:05, March 20, 2013 (UTC)
 Wicked god long sealed away,
Hear me now on this dark day
Let these arcane words be spoken,
That the spells which bind you shall be broken.
Destroy the orb which holds you tight,
Reveal your strength, and reclaim the night,
Reveal thyself great bane of Light!
Upon my foe, cast thy power,
Let this be their final hour.
All shall burn in your dark flame,
Let my enemies fall when I cry your name!
Come forth-  The Wicked Avatar! 
 Come forth from thy fiery realm,
And let my foes be overwhelmed
Fill my their hearts with  darkest fear,
Show them that their end is near,
You are the strongest, there’s no dispute,
Come forth-  The Wicked Dreadroot! 
 
 From the blood of my sacrifices, you shall rise,
To challenge me was most unwise.
Let my enemy fuel your wrath,
Destroy all that stands in your path
Cut through all, like the sharpest razor,
Come forth now,  The Wicked Eraser! 
 
 
 
 Chaos Xyz Chants 
 Overlay network, access! Surface from beneath the waves, for fresher meat lies above! Finalize!  Number 32: Shark Drake !
 
 The spirit of the Great White stares with a piercing gaze. Its strong instincts command me to defeat you! Chaos Unison!  Shark Chaos ! 
 Dark forces from beyond the cosmos, hear me! Enhance the Numbers before me and grant them unparalleled strength!  Rank-Up Magic - Barian's Force , activate!
 
 When the light of hope fades and desperation sets in, chivalry and honour give way to efficiency and pragmatism. Chaos Unison!  Hope Chaos V ! 
 Akashic Records , access! Dispel the lies tainting the universe and reveal the truth lying within!  Rank-Up Magic - Numeron Force , activate!
 
 When the light of hope fades and the darkest hour approaches, it is time for heroes to fight their hardest. Chaos Unison!  Hope Victory ! 
 Power of Chaos, access! Barian's network bypass activated. Commencing immediate Chaos Unison.  Rank-Up-Magic The Seventh One , activate!
 Overlay network, access! Lead the emperor's armies and clear the way to victory! Finalize! Servant of Benetnasch,  Number 101: Silent Honor ARK 
 
 Take up the power of Chaos, and with it, prove your undying loyalty to the emperor! Chaos Unison! Right hand of Benetnasch,  Honors Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Shine forth and become the arrow that illuminates the future! Finalize! Sacred light of Dubhe,  Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry !
 
 Shadow of the sacred light, your time for redemption has come! Darkness is not necessarily evil! Chaos Unison! Be reborn,  Seraph Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Cleanse the world of impurities, and return it to its zero state! Finalize! Adviser of Megrez,  Number 103: Ragna Zero !
 
 Division by zero? Completely possible! Break the bounds of logic and turn them inside-out! Chaos Unison! Wrap into infinity,  Ragna Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Turn the mere tricks in your sleeves into weapons of confusion! Finalize! Trickster of Phecda,  Number 104: Masquerade !
 
 The time has come! Drop this pretense and unveil your true colours! Chaos Unison! Behold the true face of Phecda,  Umbralis Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! True strength relies on no weaponry nor tricks! Demonstrate it with your bare hands! Finalize! Warrior of Alioth,  Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus !
 
 Even when cornered, the greatest warriors continue to fight to the death! Chaos Unison! Stand and fight,  Caestus Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Crush your foes within your inescapable grasp! Rule the field with an iron fist! Finalize! Gloves of Merak,  Number 106: Giant Hand !
 
 A single step is not enough. Extend your reach, and take hold of the entire field! Chaos Unison! Seize the day,  Hand Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Take to the skies, and accelerate beyond the speed of light! Finalize! Legend of Mizar,  Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon !
 
 Reach infinite speed, and accomplish victory in zero time! Chaos Unison! Bring time to a stop,  Tachyon Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:59, April 24, 2013 (UTC)
 O.K! Don't mind! It's up to you! Xyz Summon!  Fairy Cheer Girl !
 
 Burn their Life Points to the ground! Cha-os-X-Y-Z Go!  Cheer Chaos ! 
 Sakura~ sakura~ spread their doom around as you bloom~ Xyz Summon!  Battlecruiser Dianthus !
 
 Grow and take a stronger form~ See their hand cards, now it's gone~ Chaos Unison!  Sakura Chaos ! 
 Paperwork filled, approval granted. Step forth and enforce our morals in battle! Xyz Summon!  Norito the Moral Leader !
 
 I am the enforcer of morals! You, violator, will be punished as I see fit! Chaos Unison!  Moral Chaos ! 
 Every problem has a solution. Let's put this practical solution to work. Xyz Summon!  Mechquipped Angineer !
 
 When a solution is problematic, solve it with more firepower. Chaos Unison!  Engine Chaos ! 
 Even the mightiest of beasts can be subdued. Let's demonstrate this! Xyz Summon!  Coach King Giantrainer !
 
 It matters not how strong you are. You will submit! You will obey! Chaos Unison!  Coach Chaos ! 
 Take up the legendary Excalibur, and crush the opposition with its might! Xyz Summon!  Comics Hero King Arthur !
 
 Even the best swords can be refined still. Embrace this power and become unstoppable! Chaos Unison!  Hero Chaos ! 
 Heavenly throne, hear me! Look upon this world, and cleanse it from above! Xyz Summon!  Skypalace Gangaridai !
 
 Descend into terrestrial skies, and bring despair to those who witness your immense strength! Chaos Unison!  Palace Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:52, May 24, 2013 (UTC)
 Overlay network, access! May your body of shadow and heart of darkness form the ugly reflection of those who look upon you! Finalize!  Number 96: Dark Mist !
 
 An unending desire to consume, and the selfish refusal to stop. That is the true ugliness of human nature! Chaos Unison!  Shadow Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Pave the way for the overseer, and let the sinners be fairly judged! Finalize!  Number 65: Djinn Buster !
 
 The decision is final. There shall be no further objections. Your sentence is: Execution! Chaos Unison!  Djinn Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:07, May 25, 2013 (UTC)
 I like how you use a shortened from with chaos at the end.  195.69.191.79  ( talk ) 19:45, May 24, 2013 (UTC)
 
 It's all a prolonged reference to Chaos Unisons in MMBN5. -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:53, May 25, 2013 (UTC) 
 Akashic Records , access! The Administrator has called for a complete erasure. Reboot from a fresh slate!  Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall , activate!
 
 When the light of hope has been crushed by despair, the true hero is the one who still refuses to give in. The power of heart is an amazing thing! Soul Unison!  Hope Roots ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:10, September 24, 2013 (UTC)
 Overlay network, access! Awaken, faceless one, and claim the identities of those who dare to face you directly! Finalize!  Number 69: Heraldry Crest !
 
 Your identity, your soul, your existence... All will be mine! You are nothing! Fade into the void! Chaos Unison!  Heraldry Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! The false prophet has spoken, and God shall descend to judge mankind! Finalize!  Number 53: Heart-eartH !
 
 Did you honestly think we were done? That was a mere prophet. This is the god's true form! Finalize!  Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon ! 
 The false god has returned, with a desire for vengeance! The power of heart is a dangerous thing! Chaos Unison!  Heart Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:35, October 18, 2013 (UTC)
 Through sheer willpower, even the forces of darkness can be contained and tapped upon! Never underestimate the potential of humans!  Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force , activate!
 Overlay network, access! The vengeful spirits of the fallen city shall walk the earth as one! Finalize!  Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis !
 
 And like the residents of the fallen city, you too will know death. Chaos Unison!  Atlandis Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Burn bright like the star you harness! All systems operational! Finalize!  Number 9: Canopy Star - Dyson Sphere !
 
 Shift form! Initiate Operation Supernova! Burn with the intensity of a thousand suns! Chaos Unison!  Dyson Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! From below the shoulders of giants, bring about their inevitable demise! O, how the mighty shall fall! Finalize!  Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder !
 
 Spread the carnage! Dye the field in their blood! Kill, kill, kill! Chaos Unison!  Killer Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Lay out the strings that form the spider's web, and ensnare those unlucky enough to remain in it! Finalize!  Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings !
 
 Reel in the catch, feed off it, and from the remains, form the strings for the next web. Chaos Unison!  Strings Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Stand strong and proud, as those who attempt to overthrow you inevitably falter! Finalize!  Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo !
 
 As the rebellion persists, even a king must take action. Become the harbinger of disaster, and spell doom for your opponents! Chaos Unison!  Leo Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:12, December 29, 2013 (UTC)
 Overlay network, access! Pull the strings that manipulate the soulless! It's time to start the grand puppet show! Finalize!  Number 43: Manipulator of Souls !
 
 And for the grand finale, the star of the show shall make its entrance! Its identity: you. Chaos Unison!  Marionette Chaos ! 
 Overlay network, access! Let your beats echo madly across the stage! May your erratic rhythm inspire a mad fervor! Finalize!  Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk !
 
 And now, a piece to honor our comrades who fell during this mad charge. Chaos Unison! Cue the next performance,  Requiem Chaos ! 
 -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:02, January 19, 2014 (UTC)
 
 Evolzar Dolka 
 (A pretty short one)
 The sky rains fire, to make room for your arrival!   XYZ!  Evolzar Dolka!  SwordoftheSpirit  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:42, April 27, 2013 (UTC) 
 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Can anyone think of a good chant for Scrap Dragon?  SwordoftheSpirit  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:41, April 27, 2013 (UTC)
 
 The cycle of death and rebirth never ends. Be born from scrap, and turn all else to scrap! Synchro Summon!  Scrap Dragon ! -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:35, April 27, 2013 (UTC) 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Dragon 
 I'm well aware that it's not out yet, but could someone think of a good chant for  Blue-Eyed Silver Dragon ?  TheChanged  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:28, April 29, 2013 (UTC)
 
 The roar of the legendary dragon resonates through time. O mighty  Blue-Eyes , awaken from your long slumber and embrace  the power of bonds ! Synchro Summon! The new legend,  Blue-Eyed Silver Dragon ! -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:26, April 30, 2013 (UTC) 
 Shadow of a blinding light, shining just as brightly as a star itself! White turns to silver and silver turns to white, both blinding in their magnificence. Rise up and let your light rise with you! Come forth, Blue-Eyed Silver Dragon!-- Seyaryu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:54, May 27, 2013 (UTC) 
 Vylon Chants 
 These are my chants for the Vylon Synchro and Xyz monsters.
 At last, from all things comes a glorious new beginning! A bright light shines from the dawn of time, connecting the instruments of justice past to the advent of the new age! Descend, Vylon Alpha! 
 Defender of the brightest light, hold back the wave of darkness and call forth weapons to cut through the shadows! Shield me from evil's hordes and I shall arm myself with righteous fury! Descend, Vylon Delta! 
 Engage the armies of shadow, meeting hatred with blades forged of brightest light! Armaments of holy might, granted even greater power by your grace, granted power to vanquish sin! Descend, Vylon Epsilon! 
 Striking out against the overwhelming shadows, a bright light shines alone with even greater brilliance! One pure king claims weapons from beyond Heaven's gates to banish evil to darkest Hell! Descend, Vylon Sigma! 
 Of all things, an end has come! A bright light at the fall of Heaven casts out all darkness, drawing upon the fallen angels to undo evil's twisted plots and bringing the light of judgement upon us! Double Tuning! Descend, Vylon Omega! 
 A god of light falls from Heaven and is tainted by the world of sin! Seizing the flaws of the mortal world, it seeks to turn sin against sin and leave a world of perfection, a utopia of death! Arise, Vylon Disigma! 
 -- Seyaryu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:35, May 15, 2013 (UTC)
 
 
 My machines 
 cannon ? Check! Dragon? Check! Tank? Check!  combine machine fighters form the strongest machine and bring peace and justice to the those who would spred evil come XYZ-Dragon Cannon!  -- Venom assult trooper  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:27, May 17, 2013 (UTC)
 When summoning any B.E.S. monster: activate de-acclerator, put up shilds (if you can put counters on it) prepare to fire, allow the empire to rule space (name of B.E.S. monster)
 When summoning  B.E.S. Covered Core : wepons? Check! Shilds? (if normal summoned)Ceck! accerlate and prepare to bring the empire's wrath to those who dare oppose it.
 When playing  Boss Rush : Desperation leads to mistakes.  mistakes lead to defeat.  Now is not a time for mistakes send in every thing we've got those who appose the empire will not survive the Boss Rush.
 When special summonig  B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 :  our first assult was stoped and now the empire is on the run but this is not the end.  We have the technology we are still the empire crush those who dare rebel  B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 .
 When activating Scrap-Iron Scarecrow: not today.
 -- Venom assult trooper  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:00, May 17, 2013 (UTC)
 Gather all, as a billowing swell from the great sea, an angel descends.. BEHOLD, The Satiate Herald, Creator Cook Connie! Go forth and be satisfied!
 167.137.1.13  ( talk ) 17:38, May 24, 2013 (UTC)N Kram 167.137.1.13  ( talk ) 17:38, May 24, 2013 (UTC)
 CDN: I overlay these 2 monsters and construct the Overlay Network. Now with the most advanced technology, Cyber Dragon has reached new evolution. He shall now have the power that exceeds even the mighty Chimeratech Dragons and obliterate everything in his path. I Xyz Summon the Almighty Cyber Dragon NOVA!!! June 28 2014 5:09 Pm Number Hunter 3932
CCDN: I activate Rank Up Magic Argent Chaos Force. I rebuild the Overlay Network with Cyber Dragon Nova. Now with the ultimate Force of Chaos Cyber Dragon has now reached new evolution, and become the Ultimate Machine! Go Chaos Xyz Evolution! Awaken CXyz Cyber Dragon Supernova!
 
 Numbers 
 As the crumbled stars of the Universe fade away into the albescent dimness, a seething outcry will advent the oracle of the crescent Moon. Leap through the twilit nexus and open to a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Avatar de noche , Number 17: Leviathan Dragon! 
 When the weeping zenith of the Universe breathes into the precipice of despair, the archangel of the transient nirvana will inaugurate the evanescence of malice. Ascend and Exceed to a new world!  XYZ !  Espada de caballero , Number 39: Utopia! 
 As the radiance of the Universe crashes down upon the befallen nexus, the electromagnetic space reflects its darkness over the lightning that unlocks the composition of a new freedom. Pull over the interspace to a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Gobernador del espacio digital , Number 34: Terror-Byte! 
 As the black coffins of demise descend on the calavera-laden soil of the Universe, the outburst of a nacreous luminescence will rouse the coming of the galactic oracle. Wreathe in the decay of the infernal Gehenna, o celestial matriarch, grip forth a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Diosa coronada galáctica , Number 83: Galaxy Queen! 
 As the murmur of death resounds within the illusive silence of the Universe, the sierra of existence rattles on the apex of ZERO POINT. Deathbringer stallion, let your cackle illume the sight of a new Exceed!  What you see is... the paraíso de la muerte... XYZ !  Blanco susurro , Number 10: Illumiknight! 
 As the shards of solid blood flood the undergrounds of the crying forest, the tierra of the Universe trembles atop the wail of the oracle of the stagnant parcel. Extending hand of tiempo, sever the resolve of the fragmented black daybreak and gash off the shackles of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Impedir , Number 20: Giga-Brilliant! 
 The clouds of the Universe are being enveloped in the flaring night-sky miasma. Oracle of the searing overland, become embroidered in the earthbound corpses of los fénix! Fiery goldenrod, turn orange and wither under the scorching pressure as your petals dissolve into a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Lágrimas de fuego , Number 61: Volcasaurus! 
 As the surface of the Universe ruptures under the toppling hail, the oracle of the icebound summit encloses on the hielo-covered moon as it bursts off the flaming waterfall. Flowerbed lit with fire, freeze over as your petals dissipate into the diamond dust snowfall of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Perlas de nieve , Number 19: Freezadon! 
 Atop the reach of the Universe. Unconnected by the reflection of the blue sky. Scattering across the night, shrieking below the tepid Sun, collide on the brink of reason and branch the world apart. Flicker of illumination, angelic darkness, fervent observer, seven seals, new Exceed, take distance and trail the drawn bow on the far side of eternity!  XYZ !  Correr por , Number 56: Gold Rat! 
 As the vessel of the turbid Universe repulses the distorted colors of the cielo filled with lunacy, the oracle of the achromatic disorder disperses the white luz in an arid divergence. Look up at the bleeding arco iris and enflare the blackness seeping from the shining canvas of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Arquería de la lluvia , Number 16: Shock Master! 
 As the pinnacle of the Universe glances at the reverse peak of disruption, the dimensions of light stir upon an unlit exaltion. Sink yourself into clamor and break off this realm through the aperture of malice. Lurchid gaze that only falls upon crooked illumination, colossal córnea cracked with black rifts, augment the absolute of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Vista nihilismo , Number 11: Big Eye! 
 As the fluttering Universe is immersed in the gap of unceasing corrosion, the rustle of shadows animates the flash of noiseless genocide. Swing down the blade of anguish and stain the unblemished embankment of purity! Night-black locks that wave rapidly in the jet-dark currents, be dyed with blood as you gouge out the throat of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Danzar por encima de las sombras , Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja! 
 That which covers the soul with chaos is slit apart, as the soul of an exanimate existence scathes out and ascends toward the sunless sky. Glimmer as darkness in a Universe submerged in light and pour down as a rain rojo oscuro on top of a black nirvana! Lifeless body, as nightmares infest the blackness that turns white, become the light turning gray. A colored sky that is being dreamt, cast off your cloak and breathe. Borne with sinalmanescence, Decede to a new world!  C† XYZ !  Sangrar , Number C39: Utopia Ray! 
 As the vortex of harrowing decomposition enchained to the blazing core of the Universe, be tinged with the unholy black droplets of eradication. Pillar out of the rocky seas along with the all-slaughtering earthquake and scrape away at your own skin. Leaking out the cascades of veneno, hammer through to a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Esparcidor de carnicería , Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction! 
 When the white crucifix impinges with the black crucifix on the brim of the Universe, a shriek of malevolence sweeps through a hollow soliloquy. Be vestured in the black fog that divides light and darkness and jaw out of a horror-imbued crisálida. Exude the aura of unholy flames and abominate a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Niebla Necromaggia , Number 96: Dark Mist! 
 As the shooting starlights align with the dark specks of the Universe, the legion of effervescent penumbra lacerates across the impediments of space-time. Beaming spheres of infierno, hallow the cosmogonal bodies which fabricate light beyond the overworld. Entire ethereality, reform and Accede to a dissevered macrodivinity!  XYZ !  Subyugación de realidad , Number 7: Lucky Straight! 
 As the provenance of the Universe is ingrained in the tower of darkness, the trenzas of enmity entwine with the cadavers of the atrophic world. Your body is the harbinger of ruination that dwells in the distance between the dawning luminosity! Become the genesis of death which is locked in the chamber of somberness and shift to a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Marioneta del diablo , Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder! 
 The marrow of the Universe is drenched in an ocean of blood, as the crimson basilisk rips through the typhoons of water. Dripping claret jaws, incarnate the toque di muerte and advene with the nightly hit of aqueous cannonade over the wine-colored brines! You are the opening of an entirety of decimation; ruminate, to a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Enrojecer los mares , Number 32: Shark Drake! 
 Aspect of dominance, be cast upon a Universe convened in light. Deific apparatus, concentrate into an oracle which is the framework of a starless Heaven. Effulgent particles of lambency, capture it! The form of calamity and paradise that is smeared on the negativo of overlife! Tangent of darkness, lodge yourself in the mechanical carapace and converge upon a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Con grandeza , Number 25: Force Focus! 
 From the sunken abyss, emerge through the beclouding maelstrom as the signal of the pesadilla that approaches. Along the pathway that is lit aflame by the undersea will-o-wisp, mow down everything until no shape exists! As the rivers and seas quail, encase the shivers of darkness over a new Exceed, catamaran of a hundred devils!  XYZ !  Barco de fantasmas , Number 50: Blackship of Corn! 
 Array of divine Elysium, unfold the bursting light of the Universe into the construct of a ravaging citadel! The omniscient pressure over the waver of transcendental light and the exaltation of Los Mundos de la Antigua - the keep of illumination which births forth the swerve of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Baluarte de halación , Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech! 
 As the downpour of light falls upon a Universe ingrained in disarray, the atrophic world is smudged with the puddles of darkness. Rise up, cadenas of inhumanity and coil over the cadavers of paradise! A shadow that wraps itself around the chambers of angels' souls; emanate to shatter the heartbeat of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Marioneta de los ángeles diablo , Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings! 
 Shake, molten continents and glaciate the heavens! A storm that is aglow in the darkness with lightning and flames erodes away everything to delineate the skyline of a new Accede! As the construct of light assimilates the clusters of earth, lumps of fire and ice become the devils which etch onto the eon of the Universal colossus!  XYZ ! Leave everything lifeless,  Magnificat de descreación , Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis! 
 As the Universe is drowned in the wave of angustia, the release of the golden light dishevels the everlasting origin. Those which are born within the mash-up of chaos flap away into the inception of the rippling creator-god. Awaken, the facsimile of an omnicidal god that coruscates into the god-bearing matrix! Accede to a new clear-up of anarchy!  XYZ !  Amalgama de dioses , Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage! 
 As the sky-shredding firebolt rips through the planet-ridden Universe, the cosmic thunderstorm will resound across the all-devouring crackle of light. A luminous beam that alights from the thunder-searing nebula transforms into the eléctrica-sheathed serpent that bolts like lightning. Bellow throughout a new Exceed and become the sparking quaver which mars entirety itself!  XYZ !  Rayo que respiran dragón , Number 91: Thunder Spark Dragon! 
 As the circling billows of light spiral across the Universe, the skies are veiled in the blackness-cropping vórtice. Now, the celestial bodies crumble away into a million points of light which foil onto a domed quasi-star! A supernova-circuited stellar warship that encircles a gleam of destruction; Accede to a new orbit and let fall the earth-crunching drizzle of stars!  XYZ !  Encerrado sistema estelar , Number 9: Dyson Sphere! 
 The heartbeat of the underworld throbs as the champaign of atrophy disjoins from the sphere of darkness. Cathedra overlapped with the flames of the dead, manifest onto the reliquiae of the sky-laying Devil! A war-embroiled integration of terror and obliteration erases everything in front of the judgment of absolute death. Bloodthirst-filled nonbeing, waste away athwart a new Exceed bereft of reality!  XYZ !  Diablo di Denebola , Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo! 
 That which covers the soul with chaos is slit apart, as the soul of an exanimate existence scathes out and advenes into the sky-meld ocean. Rip apart from inside the havoc-wreaking twister weaved in the blood of light and cast across the shudder that shakes afar a world submerged in light! A pale crimson that washes off into the whiteness of a lifeless body, become that which envelops all into a paper-white darkness that is gnawed away! Thrust into the scarlet-littered seas, and purge entirety into an ocean of light!  Borne with a darkness-pursuing glow, Decede to a new being!  C† XYZ !  Stridere , Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss! 
 Mashed-up chaos, become the gold-tinged blackness that slithers skyward, and part the heavens! A fracture that hacks apart the amaranthine origin; uproot the graveyard of the gods and contort it into a god-bearing matrix! Pour out into the fascicle of creation, chaosdrops of an omnipotent embryo, and breathe life to the genesis of a deicidal god! Effigy of the almighty, engulfing life into your cocoon of divine corpses, propagate within a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Amalgama di morti divini , Number 69: Heraldry Crest! 
 The wrath of the moaning darkness besieges throughout a realm of true horror as the mighty form of absolute evil is stitched onto a Hell-affixing harmony. Rush forward, a murderous intent that splits the air afar and succumbs everyone to a pitch-black purgatory! Appear from behind the shadow-spreading clouds, and let creak a diabolical fear that erases everything away into the malevolence of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Peccato delle tenebre , Number 22: Zombiestein! 
 The God and the Devil now become the motionless essence petrified within an unholy embargo. Creep in, the looming exodus that egresses out of a heart of metronomical decline! Turn apart into the magnitude of waste, which coheres onto a demoniac helix kindled by the aureole of a nightmarish asylum! Solidify as an intangible carapace suffused with a void of an absolutely insurgent darkness, and decrepitate viciously as the cardia of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Terra il cuore  [An ephemeral massacre that seeps the world of its core], Number 53: Heart-eartH! 
 That which corrodes onto the soul is slit apart, as the umber heart of nothingness is embedded over by an impregnable chaos which distorts into pain. Become the doom-flowing artery that cradles around the cardinal nullity atop an ominous asylum! A macabre dragon wafting across an entirely insurgent darkness; the ashen universe which is choked down into a schism of an eerie cipher now extends beyond a neverending inferno that is frozen over by an incorporeal shape of chaos! [A wingbeat that is heralded by the decimation of paradise], glide through the black wildfire of a new world and Decede into nil!  XYZ !  Svanire , Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon! 
 An evershattering galaxy is now being rent into the eyes of an ultimate dimension. Let thy ascent and descent be the conduit of immortality that heightens a blaze of justice-cleaving light! A galaxy that is beckoned forth with the zenithal execution of the Universe; become the omnipotent legend that surpasses space-time itself into a drive faster than light! Set aflame a hypernova of aggrandized destruction, and calcine through the contours that APEXceed to a new, illuminated galaxy!  XYZ ! [Un-Genesis Field], Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon! 
 From the crushed wreckage of an overweight pressure, the demolition of earths will filter down upon a permanently deepening gulf! Thrust down with an innumerable force that pushes back into a gigatonne-press surge, and root out the very soil off this Earth! Boom out of a terrain ravaged by gushering magma, and step forth into a destruction-blind barrage of land-shivering vice! A seism that bursts through with every move now APEXceeds to the smashing brunt of the titanic phalanges!  XYZ ! [Sink everything into the ground], Number 106: Giant Hand! 
 With the heaving of the spatial winds, drill into the galaxy with your annihilative laserfire! Swoop onward with an indelible velocity that sunders aloof the sound barrier itself, and wage apart a full-side blitzkrieg of mach-speed missileflare! A pulse-back that opens up a chink into the blue skies; now trill onto the galaxy as an enflamed sweep of stealth bombers wracking down into the explosion of a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Napalm , Number 42: Starship Galaxy Tomahawk! 
 The star-bursting combat will erupt into an implosion of starlight itself. Become the champion who catches fire upon every move! Fists that collide with the glacial-bright light recoil back along a superheated upsurge that scorches off entire worlds! Punch through those flames, and swallow up their globe of fire, which is intermixed inside your arms, detonating into an extreme pyrotechny of an infinite blaze-up! As a shockwave of flame takes form around you with every step, APEXceed with a barraging storm of enflamed, frizzling thrusts that shoot down like meteoric fireballs!  XYZ ! [Shooting-Star Uppercut], Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus! 
 Screech with your claws on the surface of the seas as water-alight sparks sunder throughout the blood-riveting brines! Let ring the cannonade that skews the waters into a bone-shaving whirlpool, and externalize it onto your steel-trussing jaws! The incubus that bathes inside an ocean of acid, grit your fins across the unseeable, butchered depths, and blare out within a scaffold of paper-white darkness into a new Exceed!  XYZ !  Strillare , Number 47: Nightmare Shark! 
 That which is enfettered onto a collapse-shimmering soul fissures apart as an ultraheated shockwave arrays over into a cataclysmic convulsion of star-cremating flames. Your overhand will become the comet-like gunfire of punches that levels all of creation! Leave behind in your wake an inferno of an unstoppable implosion of high-reaching fire, and pummel forward with a backfist that spews out a colonnade of a world-smoldering blaze-up! The touch of your forever-burning gauntlets blasts across a meteorite of a solidified, lead-like flame that shrivels up into a flaring, new Sun of eradication!  C† XYZ ! [Archdecede to the intersect of an apical incandescence], Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus! 
 Evanesce! When the precipice of hope becomes buried with the perforated light of the Universe, an unreachable despair will give way to a sharpened darkness. Deplete the heavens! A black nirvana whose colorless sky flips over onto the ground; bullets of white light will rumble down from the zenith of a transient paradise as the dark-coated archangel gravitates into an empyrean war-zone. The disheveled light accretes into a single point that inflates into a slit-apart soul. Suspend yourself across the twist of light and darkness, and De-Decede into a new world!  C† XYZ ! [Bleed], Number C39: Utopia Ray V! 
 The pressure that enfetters a soul aflame with chaos booms out with an unprecedented destruction which disgorges forth a collapsing mountain of magma. Crush the ground with the stomping of your fist, and press down into a seismic tremor that submerges the earth! An exatonne-weight surge from your smashing into the ground will gusher out the upheaval of continents as everything is swallowed up by a permanently deepening depression. Archdecede to a permeated terrain ravaged by the incessant cataclysm of an immolating, all-demolishing obsidian!  C† XYZ ! [The titan that flings continents across], Number C106: Giant Hand Red! 
 As the whispers from within the dark are blown alight by a dulling splendor, the rusted gates of the demons’ hollow cast open to unveil a wonderland of insanity! Become its servants, waning lights of despairland, as you crouch together into a shape of a disfigured shine! A darkness that is born from the expanse of a nonsensical wizardry - throb furiously while concealed in a false brilliance, and APEXceed toward an unmitigated turmoil where dark is indistinguishable from light itself!  XYZ ! [Enigmata], Number 104: Masquerade Magician - Shining! 
 Mad Rest  21:58, March 23, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Scrap and more 
 Scrap Dragon:
Big things come in small packages. The ordinary Scrap Metals: Fuse together to create new life! Synchro summon! Scrap Dragon!
 Scrap Twin Dragon:
With new life comes great power. Let this power be shone in twice the glory! Arise from the depths! Scrap Twin Dragon!
 Dark End Dragon:
All things must end. Dragon of darkness, bring chaos to the world and end this! Rise from the fury of hell! Synchro Summon! Dark End Dragon!
 Light End Dragon:
All things must come to an end. Dragon of light, bring the darkness of this world to an end! Descend from heaven! Light End Dragon!
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the beginning:
From the depths of chaos comes new life. Bring a start to order and a new world! Come forth! Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning!
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End:
Oh great dragon of chaos. The world is at its end. Cease all life with your great might! Ascend from hell and destroy all who oppose with your power! Arise! Chaise Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End!
 Judgment Dragon:
Oh great dragon of light. Judge those of darkness and bring an end to souls! Come forth and show your great might. Humble thy servants, those sworn to light! Arise, dragon of heaven! Judgment Dragon!
 Loki:
Lord of tricks, son of almighty. Come forth and show us your Godly might! Synchro Summon! Loki, Lord of the Aesir,
 Thor:
Great God of power and lighting. Show us your might and humble those unworthy. Strike mjolnir upon those with dark hearts! Synchro Summon! Thor, Lord of the Aesir.
 Odin:
Oh, great father almighty. Bring us hope and humble those with strong hearts. Bring forth your great might as creator and father. Show the true power of the Aesir! Synchro Summon! Odin, Father of the Aesir!
 
 Sun Dragon Overlord 
 Great beast of the sky!! Please heed my cry!! Transform thyself from orb of light, and bring me victory from within this fight!! Descend, ruler of Heaven and Earth!! Show yourself, " Hieratic Sun Dragon Overlord of Heliopolis "!!!!!!!!  108.86.104.40  ( talk ) 17:06, May 27, 2013 (UTC)
 
 That sounds almost the same as The Winged Dragon of Ra's chant.  190.121.135.178  ( talk ) 01:28, June 12, 2013 (UTC) 
 
 
 general 
 hai everyone. I am new to this forum. You can share your latest updates here.  —This unsigned comment was made by  Peterson10012  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:06, May 29, 2013 (UTC) 
 == chant for number44
"I access the overlay network, Now Bonds of Both master and stead unite, Now Take Flight Legendary Number 44: Sky Pegasus!" ==
 chant for number44 
"I access the overlay network, Now Bonds of Both master and stead unite, Now Take Flight Legendary Number 44: Sky Pegasus!"   Scarletsteam  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:24, June 12, 2013 (UTC) 
 
 More chants by dante 
 Frozen star adrift in a sea of darkness, descend upon the living and trap the world in endless winter, synchro summon frozen Fitzgerald. 
 Laughing demon in the guise of an angel, burn the world in a manner most painful, let hell rise to earth and heaven collapse synchro summon fabled leviathan.
 When forces gather to oppress the weak, one hero will emerge to stand up for the meek, rise up and stop this travesty, we'll tear them down like gravity synchro summon gravity warrior.
 
 
 History's Best 
 From the dawn of civilization man has strived to advance but some advancements are far beyond there time.  How these people obtain these technology's no one knows but I now call upon the greatest of them arise and show the people of the present the power of the past!  come walking city Number: 6 Chronomaly Atlandias!
 From the dawn of time people have always used technology to solve there problems but some have been considered to advanced by modern people for the time of there development.  What lead to there creation is unknown but now I call upon the most ingenious of them to prove to the modern world what the past did!  come flying city Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech!
 Time like a stream of water?!  the past just down the stream!  this is the truth for one brave time traveler.  Where will he appear next and who or what will he recruit to his cause?  This is as mysterious as the Time Stream he uses but now he hears my call.  come Chronomaly Crystal Chrononaut and bring the past, present and future to bear against my adversary!
 -- Venom assult trooper  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:35, June 21, 2013 (UTC)
 
 My Various chants for my Various Monsters 
 I have many a monster's in my deck, and in my past, that I created chants for simply because I liked them. Here they are:
 I offer you these Three Tributes. Come from the Shadows, my Spawn of Darkness. With your coming, Eradicate my foe from existence! Behold:  The Wicked Eraser !
 Shimmering lights from beyond signal the wakening of an ancient creature. His might only heard of in legends; quake in fear at the sounds of his souring wings! Alight on the battle field: Destroyer of Legends, Controller of Kings;  Blue-Eyes White Dragon !
 A new power from the Ancients has risen. His power comes not from within; but from others. The ruler of all, come forth from the shadows and bind their minds with your Illusion! Ritual Summon;  Relinquished !
 Behold; the embodiment of Chaos. A new force brought forth from compromise;  Light and Darkness Dragon !
 I offer you the souls of the living; find your power within them. Break free from your binds and unleash your might upon the world;  Great Maju Garzett !
 I take up these souls and offer them unto you; alight down on the field with your Majestic wings. Take up the souls of fools; of men and of all that oppose you. The wingbeat of your wings usher in a new power;  Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca !
 Searing Flames unlike any other; rise from your power and take command over all that oppose you. Burn this world to ashes;  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames !
 The King of the Fiends! Take these offerings and use them to empower you; break from your bonds and grace us with your presence;  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms !
 Thunder roars and knows no opposition. Lightning; faster than the eye can see. The calm before the storm is over. Rain your wrath down on my foes;  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder !
 Darkness, undead and Fire come together as one. Dark magic alights the battle field; arise from the ashes of my foes and obliterate all that stands in your way. Blaze, your Apocalyptic fire!  Pyrotech Mech Shiryu !
 Matt8436  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:26, July 27, 2013 (UTC)
 
 
 Here's mine 
 The white heaven that soars free, become reborn as the divine dragon and become my servant. The true embodiment of light descends. Come forth, Blue Eyes White Dragon.
 An unrivaled power releases it's emotions in order to return as a shining force. Come forth, Blue Eyes Shining Dragon.
 From the fiery pits of earth, act as a the executioner against my opponent. Come forth, Volcanic Doomfire.
 The pitch black space glides, as it fires a vicious strike. Come to my side and bring true potential. Come forth, Red Eyes Black Dragon.
 The Darkness shall come, but acts a light of hope, where no evil shall pass. Come forth, Red Eyes Darkness Dragon.
 The wicked dragon returns as a foe that is neither beast or machine. Come forth, Red Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon.  GalaxyWhiteDragon  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:20, July 29, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Chants inspired by my original Deck: 
 Chant of the Phoenix:
 Soar in the blazing skies and know no boundaries! Reveal my burning desire for victory! Take flight! Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys! 
 Chant of the Sphinx:
 O Guardian of the sands! Be unearthed into light, and send foes scurrying! Guardian Sphinx! 
 Zombie King Calling:
 When you kill to win, you bear your sin, decay from within, to lose your heart and become the undead king! Fushioh Richie! 
 Dreadroot Calling:
 The Earth crumbles! The Sky is blown! And Giants minaturize! When they face the almighty...The Wicked Dreadroot! 
 Would chants be wanted in (Phoenetic) Japanese as well?
 Dratinimaster  ( talk  •  contribs ) 11:17, August 15, 2013 (UTC)
 
Exodia summoning:
 When the mystical energy of magic combines with the Power of Unity nothing is ximpossible. Victory is now within my grasp and all you have is defeat. I call on the Ultimate God Exodia the Forbidden One! Number Hunter3932
 
 The Atmosphere 
 Machines think that they control the skies but there is one bird that defies all machines arise The Atmosphere and show these flying machines what nature can do!  
 -- Venom assult trooper  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:21, August 16, 2013 (UTC)
 
 My 'Ace card' chants 
 Egyptian God Cards 
 Obelisk the Tormentor: O great god of power, Please rise and lend thy power to me. Use thy unstoppable might to obliterate all enemies of thee. And bring me victory in this battle. Rise now as I call your name: Obelisk The Tormentor!
 Slifer the Sky Dragon: O legendary guardian of the sky, I beg of thee please answer my cry. All shall tremble before you and your ultimate power. Use your thunder and lightning with the power of unity to defeat my foe. Appear when I call your name: Slifer The Sky Dragon.
 The Winged Dragon of Ra: Almighty protector of the sun, Please heed my cry. All shall cower in fear of your ultimate power. My allies you shall protect and my enemies you shall destroy. Now descend from the heavens but first I shall call your name: Winged Dragon of Ra
 The Creator God of Light Horakthy: The gods of egypt are powerful apart, but together they are undefeatable. All those who fear the egyptian gods shall know your infinite power. Envelop all those who oppose us with your everlasting light. When I call your name you shall descend from the heavens and bring us victory. And that name is: The Creator God of Light Horakthy!!!
 
 32 Chant 
 Number 32 
"Where there is  Light , there is  Shadow . Where there is  Shadow , there is  Darkness . Where thare is  Darkness , there is no hope; but there is  Light  in even the most darkest of  Darkness . Come from the depths of  Darkness  and bring  Light  to the world, Number 32: Shark Drake!"
 Number C32 
" Fear  may lead to  anger ,  anger  to  hate , and  hate  to  suffering , but no more shall we suffer or fear! We shall now give up our frenzy and replace it with wisdom, and with our wisdom we shall not be defeated by any that stand in our way for peace! We now harness the power of chaos and use it in new evolution! Come forth reincarnated, Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss!"
 -- I may not be perfect, but thats who I am.  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:28, October 8, 2013 (UTC)
 Number 32 Shark Drake: I Overlay these 3 monsters and construct the overlay network. You shall now cower in fear when you see the might of this beast. The great seas now angered shall unleash a devastating force that will completely destroy all who oppose it. Behold the embodiment of anger and rage! Number 32 Shark Drake!
 Number C32 Shark Drake Veiss: I Overlay Shark Drake and construct the overlay network once more. Now enraged by the pain and suffering you gave him, This great beast shall utilize the new power of Chaos and Obliterate all who stands in his path. He shall now reach full evolution and reach his full potential. Go Chaos XYZ Evolution! Shark Drake be reincarnated to form: Chaos Number 32 Shark Drake Veiss!
 
 Hieroglypic Dragon King - Atumus / Hieratic Dragon King of Atum 
 I overlay my two Level 6 Hieroglyphic Seal of the Dragon King to form the Overlay Network! XYZ Summon! Written in the language of the ancients, I read from the stones! Appear before me, king of the dragons! Hieroglyphic Dragon King - Atumus!
 Elmerg  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:26, October 25, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Number 49: Fortune Tune 
 O, Ruler of the Meek and Gentle, cease this quarrel and let your song ring clear!  Number 49: Fortune Tune !  Chromace  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:14, November 10, 2013 (UTC)
 
 
 Number 107 
 normal " Time means nothing to you, space is your field of flowers. Come forth to smite the enemy whom stands in our way to victory! Arise, Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon! "
 vs another Galaxy-Eyes " Come forth into this battle, for the enemy wields a Galaxy-Eyes! Prove to them that we are better than them! Arise and clam victory, Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon! "
 -- I may not be perfect, but thats who I am.  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:43, November 12, 2013 (UTC)
 
 My turn, I guess... 
 If using Blue-Eyes as a material-  "Come forth, my very soul! Now  Blue-Eyes , head towards your evolution! Spread your wings and unleash the force of origin!  Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon !" 
 Yeah, there are A LOT of cards I call "my very soul"...  NovaTsukimori  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:12, November 12, 2013 (UTC)
 I probably could have done better...  NovaTsukimori  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:14, November 12, 2013 (UTC)
 
 
 Blue-Eyes 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 " It is time to show the enemy their fate! Come forth with scales as white as light, and eyes as blue as the sky. None shall concur you no mater how strong they are! Come forth, White dragon! Oh Blue-Eyes, my soul! "
 -- I may not be perfect, but thats who I am.  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:18, December 1, 2013 (UTC)
 
 
 My Personal Chants 
 I call forth thee, oh vengeful spirit of the Desert! Vanquish my foes, only dust shall remain! -  Dark Dust Spirit 
 Watchful Guardian created by a great cosmic consonance, you shall protect me from all harm! -  Stardust Dragon 
 Merciless Destroyer from the depths of Tartaros, crush my enemie's defenses! -  Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Resurrected from the ashes, clean this world from all deceptions! -  Sacred Phoenix 
 - BronzeJohnson  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:04, November 29, 2013 (UTC)
 
 My Summon Chants 
 I Tribute These Mighty Beasts To Harness The Power Of The Galaxies And Create The Bane Of The Xyz! Arise Now Galaxy-Eyes Photon! Unleash The Galactic Might Of A Hundred Supernovas And Vaporize All Those With In Your Path!
 I Overlay These 2 Souls To Create The Power Of Hope! Arise The Almighty Stream Of Hope Number 39: Utopia!
 When The Power Of Hope Is Not Enough The Universe Reveals A New Power! Go Now Chaos Xyz Evolution! Arise (Insert Any Number C39 Name Of Choice)! Take A Hold Of The Light And Lead It To Victory!
 When The Galaxy Needs A New Power It Calls Upon The Ultimate Xyz Bane! Go Now Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon, Unleash Your Cataclysmic Storm And Vaporize The Very Essence Of Your Enemies!
 
 Dolorcky  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:34, December 1, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Evolzar/Jurrac 
 Might as well get in on this. 
 Wreathed in fire, soar to new heights of evolution! I Xyz Summon  Evolzar Laggia !
 Rain of fire, breakthrough the limits, as I Xyz Summon  Evolzar Dolkka !
 Tornado flame, now ascends! Unleash your judgement,  Evolzar Solda ! 
 Kindling flames pave the way of speed! A primal fire!  Synchro Summon ! Come!  Jurrac Velphito !
 Kindling flames are a roar of might! A primal fire!  Synchro Summon ! Appear now,  Jurrac Giganoto !
 Kindling flames herald the end of all things! A primal fire!  Synchro Summon ! Descend,  Jurrac Meteor !
 Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:49, December 3, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Deus Ex Machina 
 " I'm feeling the flow!   SHINING DRAW!   The Winning Formula is complete!   ZEXAL Field! " -- Gadjiltron  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:21, December 29, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Hyozanryu 
 Cause all the cool kids are doing it
 From the most brilliant of jewels, arise a Creature of impossible light. I call upon thee, great dragon of diamonds to aid me in the moment of truth. Come forth, almighty Diamond Dragon, HYOZANRYU! 
 Silverspark is   Was and forever will be   Awesomer than thou!  12:36, December 29, 2013 (UTC)
 
 KrspaceT's chants 
 ' Born from the souls of the mighty, embody the force who avenges the heroes of both sides! Synchro Summon! Avenge the Fallen, Colossal Fighter!' 
 Descendant from the pure heavens, a angel of purity. Only to the respectful and honorable she does, but but to those she does, a mighty warrior she is. The angel of the pure, Guardian Eatos! 
 With these two Monsters, I form the overlay network! The fluttering of wings distracts, as the greatest infiltrator is formed. XYZ summon, the destroyer of guards, Photon Papilloperative!
 The dragon, long chained, has escaped and taken the power of steel as his own! The metal scars, let them scour your deck! Synchro Summon! Tie them up, Iron Chain Dragon! 
 With these two mighty warriors, I form the overlay Network! The greatest Champion, the greatest sword! Aid me in my struggles, be my enemies bane! XYZ SUMMON! Draw your swords, Heroic Champion Excalibur!
 In battle, to trap the enemy is paramount! With these three monsters however, I am beyond them! XYZ Summon, protect my army, Heroic-Champion Kusanagi!
 
 Burst to the battle front, mighty ranger of X! Remind our foe that a good soldier is never alone! Synchro Summon! The duel is on, X-Saber Wayne! 
 The powerful force, gallop with the strengths of the earth! Remind us all of an age when power alone was key! Synchro Summon! The knight of old reforged, Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 
With these two monsters, I build the overlay unit! The general comes to the front lines, his power the power of his army! XYZ summon, the disciplined Zubaba General! 
 The fiery apprentice, her temper is scorching! The ferocious redhead, Hiita the Fire Charmer!
 The solid apprentice, her wisdom is solid as the earth! The fore-eyed genius, Aussa the Earth Charmer!
 The flighty apprentice, her cheer is permanent as the sky! The charming and sweet, Wynn the Wind Charmer!
 
The level apprentice, her maturity is as deep as the sea! The calm and collected, Eria the Water Charmer!
 
The friendly apprentice, her smile brings light to darkness! The ever friendly, Lynn the Light Charmer!
 The mysterious apprentice, what gender is this one?! The Chrona like wanderer, Dharc the Dark Charmer!
 -- KrspaceT  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:20, May 3, 2014 (UTC)-- KrspaceT  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:53, May 3, 2014 (UTC)-- KrspaceT  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:37, May 3, 2014 (UTC)
 
 Asura's Chants 
 "Show us you ! Mighty Fusion of Friendship , of Hunter and Hunted Ones !  Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste  !" Asu 
 
"Show you , God of Roaring Cascades and Ruler of Water , my mightiest monster ,  Number C73: Abyss Supra  !"
 Asu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:52, May 3, 2014 (UTC)
 
 My Ace Monster Chants 
 Now I shall bring forth a shining fighter, one who's soul burns as bright as a star! Come forth my cosmic warrior, Xyz summon!  Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus!! 
 The light of a thousand stars shall vanish from the skies as I call forth a mighty champion of chaos! A grand fury that could frighten even the bravest of kings! Chaos Xyz Evolution! Arise,  Chaos Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus!! 
 Now I shall play a piece that could drive the most patient saint to madness, calling forth the insane armor of an even more insane warrior, Xyz Summon! Show thyself,  Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk!! 
 My next performance will be a melody that will sooth every soul within earshot, no one is safe from this calmingly chaotic champion! Chaos Xyz evolution! Arise,  Chaos Number 80: Requiem in Berserk!! 
 This champion is a real team player, one who won't go down without a fight, and will defend his teammates till the very bitter end, Xyz summon! Come forth,  Battlin' Boxer Lead Yoke!! 
 Now I shall summon a warrior with the burning conviction of a thousand soldiers! Let your gleaming blade fell all who oppose us, Xyz Summon! Rise,  Heroic Champion - Excalibur!! 
 The next challenger is one with fists that will brighten the future, a majestic champion of the cosmos! He will pave the way for his many teammates, Xyz Summon! Arise,  Number 79: Battlin' Boxer Nova Caeser!! 
 CyberStorm99  ( talk  •  contribs ) 12:00, May 19, 2014 (UTC)
 Reikaosu's Chants
 Azure Eyes Silver Dragon: Avatar of the ancients! Let their rage power this new form! With your first breath and last hope, take flight and roar to the heavens! Synchro Summon! AZURE EYES SILVER DRAGON!
 Red Dragon Archfiend: The rage of the abyss powers your wings! Let your roar reverberate and let all fear your wrath! The darkness you hold back! Synchro Summon! RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
 Stardust Dragon: The river of the stars is the path you must travel! The howling of the wind is the form your rage takes! Let loose with a mighty roar that makes even the sky tremble in fear! Synchro Summon! STARDUST DRAGON!
 Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon: The light of the world powers your soul! Let the wrath of the king of dragons rain upon my enemies! COME FORTH! KING OF DRAGONS, BLUE EYES ULTIMATE DRAGON!
 Red Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon: Beast of steel, forged in hate! Eyes of blood, wings bladed eight! Come forth, rage and destroy! RED EYES DARKNESS METAL DRAGON! LET YOUR WRATH RAIN DOWN UPON THOSE WHO WOULD STAND BEFORE US!
 Phoenix Gearfried: Mighty warrior who rises from the ashes, heed my call! My knight, faithful and true! Let your blade rend those who would steal this victory from us! RISE, PHOENIX GEARFRIED!
 Fire King High Avatar Garunix: Embodiment of flame, wings alight with the wrath of the blaze! Soar high! RISE FROM THE ASHES, FIRE KING HIGH AVATAR GARUNIX!
 Reikaosu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 12:41, May 30, 2014 (UTC)
 
 Nova's Summoning chant 
 It's not my best, but it'll do.
"Grant power to my very soul, and breakthrough the boundaries of  Time  and  Space !  Pendulum Summon ! Descend my servants!"
 Please rate.  The Grim Reaper  ( talk ) 21:18, July 11, 2014 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Ambox_octogon_stop.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/40?cb=20110301210010', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Icon-Archive.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/65?cb=20080625172037']
Categories: