Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:MOV-Seto-vs-Pegasus-Duel2.jpg


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 遊 ☆ 戯 ☆ 王 デュエルモンスターズ  光 のピラミッド Yūgiō Dyueru Monsutāzu Hikari no Piramiddo Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 
 Genre
 
 
 Adventure, Gaming 
 
 
 
 
 Anime movies :  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 Produced by
 
 
 Michael Pecoriello
 
 
 
 Music by
 
 
 Elik Alvarez, Joel Douek, Freddy Sheinfeld, John Angier, Wayne Sharpe, Gil Talmi, Blaze
 
 
 
 Studio
 
 
 Warner Bros., Studio Gallop
 
 
 
 licensor
 
 
 4kids Entertainment
 
 
 
 Release date
 
 
 13 August 2004 (USA), 16 March 2005 (Japan, DVD Premiere)
 
 
 
 Runtime
 
 
  101 mins 
  86 mins 
  90 mins 
  86 mins 
 
 
 
 
 Wikipedia  has an article about  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light . 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie: The Pyramid of Light , known in Japan as  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light  is an anime film based on the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. The film's director was  Hatsuki Tsuji . This movie is considered non-canon and takes place after the  Battle City  arc. It is a seemingly "alternate explanation" of how  Yugi Muto  solved the  Millennium Puzzle  and features the inclusion of  Anubis  (who has not been mentioned outside of the film). 
 The characters and naming are the same as the English version of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! , or  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  television show.
 The musical score and the sound effects are all completely brand new and American-made, and there is no original Japanese music or sound effects in the English dub of the movie. It has also been turned into an ani-manga.
 On February 1, 2018, it was announced by Fathom Events and 4K Media that the film would be getting a remastered re-release in 800 American theaters through March 11 to 12.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Synopsis 
 2   Quotes 
 3   Relation to canon 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured duels 
 
 5.1   Simulated:  Seto Kaiba VS. Yugi Muto 
 5.2   Joey Wheeler VS. Unidentified Man 
 5.3   Joey Wheeler VS. Boy 
 5.4   Seto Kaiba VS. Maximillion Pegasus 
 5.5   Yami Yugi VS. Seto Kaiba/Anubis 
 
 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Cast 
 8   Music 
 9   Posters 
 10   Trivia 
 11   Notes and references 
 12   External links 
 
 
 Synopsis 
 The events of  Battle City  have just concluded, and  Yugi  now owns all three  Egyptian God  cards. As a result of his this and his past victory in the  Duelist Kingdom , Yugi has become famous around the world for his masterful strategies and possession of the God cards.  Seto Kaiba  longs to finally defeat him, but finds every attempt by his research team to formulate a strategy to defeat the Gods fails and overloads their computers. At' wits end, Kaiba decides that since   Maximillion Pegasus  created the Egyptian God cards, he would have also created a way to beat them, just in case something ever went wrong.
 At the same time, Pegasus has a horrible nightmare about the Egyptian God cards becoming trapped in a blue replica of the  Millenium Puzzle ; despite no longer having a Millenium Item, Pegasus senses something horrible will soon happen. 
 
Kaiba heads off to Pegasus's castle and challenges him to a  duel . The stakes are the following: if Pegasus wins, he gets Kaiba's three " Blue-Eyes White Dragons "; if Kaiba wins, Pegasus hands over the card that can beat the Egyptian Gods. They face off in a  Duel Arena , which Kaiba mocks Pegasus for still using. Pegasus manages to back Kaiba into a corner with his  Toons , but Kaiba turns the tables by calling out his  XYZ-Dragon Cannon  and destroying  Toon World  to rid the field of monsters. Kaiba searches a deck Pegasus laid aside, finding two cards. However, Pegasus is confused; he only created  one  card to beat the Egyptian Gods, not two...           The  Pyramid of Light  (right) and its Stone Tablet on display at the Domino City museum. Note the three  Egyptian Gods   Slifer ,  Ra , and  Obelisk  engraved on the Tablet     Meanwhile, Yugi Muto and  Téa Gardner , seeking refuge from a mob of duelists wanting to face Yugi for the Egyptian Gods, stumble into Domino Museum, where they discover a new attraction on display called the  Pyramid of Light , which looks a little like the Millennium Puzzle. Yugi's grandpa,  Solomon Muto  (who also happens to be visiting the museum), reads an inscription on the side of a sarcophagus ( The eye that sees what's yet to come, its vision shall be fulfilled, unless blinded by events predetermined, thus light & shadows both be killed ), triggering a strange vision in Yugi's mind concerning his Millennium Puzzle, the Pyramid of Light, Anubis, and Kaiba. After he wakes up, he finds the pyramid stolen, the sarcophagus now empty, and  Mokuba  standing outside. Mokuba says that Kaiba wants Yugi to bring his  duel disk  to the KaibaCorp Duel Dome immediately.
 Yugi does so, transforming into  Yami Yugi  on the way, and finds Kaiba ready to duel. Seto asks Mokuba to seal all the exits, forcing Yugi to duel him, but not before  Joey Wheeler  and  Tristan Taylor  find their way in to watch.
 The duel goes on for what seems like an eternity, and Yugi is starting to suspect that there are dark forces at work - especially when Kaiba  activates  a  Trap Card  called the " Pyramid of Light ", which not only bears a striking resemblance to its namesake in the museum, but also prevents Yugi from using any of the Egyptian Gods! Before long, Kaiba has his " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " on the  field , but to Yugi's surprise, he sacrifices it to  summon  a  monster  known as the " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon ", which is even stronger!
 The Pyramid of Light also pulls the souls of Yugi, Joey, and Tristan into Yugi's Millenium Puzzle, where they are chased by  a group of mummies  controlled by an unknown force...
 The power of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" brings Yugi to the verge of defeat, but Kaiba decides to humiliate his rival with the most "perfect" victory possible: wiping him out with his own Egyptian Gods! Having used "Pyramid of Light" to  remove the gods from play , he intends to use " Return from the Different Dimension " to get them under his control - but first, he needs to  destroy  "Pyramid of Light", otherwise it would just destroy the gods again! Kaiba commands his "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" to use its "Shining Nova"  effect , which allows it to sacrifice itself to destroy anything on the field - and he aims it at the "Pyramid of Light". Suddenly, a ghostly voice calls out, " This I cannot allow! ", and the Pyramid stays exactly where it is. Then, a man rises up from behind Kaiba, throws him aside, and takes over the duel himself.
 It's  Anubis , the Egyptian Lord of the Dead, whom the Pharaoh destroyed 5000 years ago. But now he's back with the Pyramid of Light around his neck and two of his most powerful monsters - " Andro Sphinx " and " Sphinx Teleia "! On top of this, Téa, Joey, Tristan and Yugi are all trapped inside the Millennium Puzzle, leaving the Pharaoh to duel all alone. Putting all his faith into the cards, Yugi draws the " Double Spell " card, which allows him to discard his other spell card to activate " Monster Reborn " from Seto's  Graveyard . He uses it to revive "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon", who then destroys the "Pyramid of Light" (after it was weakened by Yugi from inside the Millennium Puzzle), along with "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia". But  Anubis  isn't finished yet. With the Pyramid gone, he combines his fallen Sphinxes into a new, even stronger monster - " Theinen the Great Sphinx "! Yugi, however, activates " Reverse of Reverse " to activate Kaiba's "Return from the Different Dimension". The God Monsters return and destroy the Great Sphinx, seemingly taking Anubis with it. But a giant jackal - the ancient Egyptian representation of Anubis, the Lord of the Dead - rises from the remains of the Pyramid!
 Kaiba and Yugi join forces, putting all their strength into the "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" card, and using Shining Nova to destroy Anubis once and for all. On top of it all, Pegasus, who had earlier arrived via helicopter to help them, gets them out of the explosion in time.
 
 Quotes 
 "Looks like you had TWO cards up your sleeve." 
 "What do you mean, two cards? Kaiba, there was only one." 
 "Nice try you snake." 
 
 
 — Kaiba doesn't believe Pegasus 
 
 This was all arranged by an evil lord, who, five millennia ago, tried to destroy the world. And now it looks like he's back to finish the job. 
 — Pegasus reveals he figured out Anubis's plan 
 
 That's all folks. 
 — Kaiba mocks Pegasus's Toon deck after winning 
 
 Relation to canon 
           Anubis .     
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light  creates some mild continuity problems within the  Yu-Gi-Oh!   manga / anime  series by inserting the character of Anubis into the show's history. Though designed by  Kazuki Takahashi  himself, the character is mentioned nowhere else in canon; despite his supposed prominence in the  Pharaoh 's past, he does not appear during the " Dawn of the Duel " arc, though their encounter could easily take place prior to the events shown in that storyline.
 The scene at the start of the movie showing Yugi's completion of the Millennium Puzzle differs slightly from that seen in the original manga, but the  Duel Monsters  anime had, at that point, never shown the puzzle's completion, meaning this scene did not contradict anything yet established in the anime's continuity. A flashback in  episode 180  would later show the puzzle's completion, matching what was seen in the movie.
 If taken as canonical, the movie can be considered to take place between  Yu-Gi-Oh!   episodes 144  and  145  (between the third and fourth seasons, following the conclusion of the  Battle City Finals  but before " Waking the Dragons ") The news report that follows the movie's title sequence makes clear that the  Battle City Finals  have only recently concluded, and  Yugi  has all three  Egyptian God  cards, which will be stolen from him at the start of the "Waking the Dragons" arc. Further proof of this is when Mai showed a look of disdain upon seeing Yugi on the news, foreshadowing her story in the  following arc . The dubbed series had Tristan make reference to the movie's events a few episodes later in  episode 148 , and Joey will do so again in  episode 202 .
 
 Errors 
 There were several errors in the English version of the movie. However, most of them were fixed or pointed out when it aired in Japan and remastered verison. 
 
 While all evidence points to this movie taking place right after the end of the Battle City tournament, a contradiction to this is that during the news reports, one of the screens showed a scene of the Pharaoh and the 3 God Cards above the clouds from  episode 183  during his final fight with  Dartz  and The  Great Leviathan . 
 When the duel between Seto and Pegasus begins, the latter is shown with 4 cards in his  hand . 
 When  Joey  challenges a group of  duelists  wanting to have a go at  Yugi  and his  Egyptian God  cards, the first challenger Summons " Injection Fairy Lily " on the first turn. The entire card itself was either vertically reversed or placed upside-down while horizontally reversed.
 Furthermore, players are not permitted to  attack  on the first turn anyway. 
 When Kaiba has his computer run a simulation of a duel between him and Yugi, Yugi is listed as using " Paladin of White Dragon ". 
 When Kaiba has his computer run a simulation of the duel between him and Yugi, Yugi is misspelled as "Yuugi".
 However, due to Yugi having the circumflex romanization (Yūgi), the spelling of Yuugi is not much of a typo and is another way to write the name in rōmaji (to pertain to the furigana). 
 When " Familiar Knight " is attacked, the card underneath is reversed. 
 When " Peten the Dark Clown " is  destroyed by battle , Kaiba activates " Deck Destruction Virus ", which can only be activated when a  Fiend - Type   Monster  with 500  ATK  or less is destroyed by battle. "Peten the Dark Clown" is a  Spellcaster - Type  monster. 
 Seto Kaiba's plan for a 'perfect victory' by Summoning all 3 of  Yami Yugi 's  Egyptian God  cards would not normally work, as " Return from the Different Dimension " only affects cards removed from play that you  possess . Since they were Yami Yugi's cards, Kaiba would be unable to Summon them. It is possible that Kaiba probably had another strategy to make "Return from the Different Dimension" work with Yami Yugi's monsters. 
 When Yami Yugi Summons " King's Knight ", the text on " Queen's Knight " is displayed backwards. 
 When Kaiba summons " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon ", he explained that it gains 300 ATK points for every Dragon-Type monster he has in his Graveyard, and stated that he had five, being " Rare Metal Dragon ", 3 " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", and "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". However, this is an error as "Paladin of White Dragon" is also a Dragon-Type monster, and therefore should mean that Kaiba has six Dragon-Type monsters in his Graveyard, and thus the ATK of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" should have been 4800, not 4500.
 This would also mean that when "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" attacked and destroyed " Sorcerer of Dark Magic ", Yami Yugi's Life Points would have dropped to 0, losing the Duel. 
           The 2 copies of " The Winged Dragon of Ra ".     
 When Kaiba uses the 'Shining Nova' effect of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" to destroy "Pyramid of Light", although the  attack  failed, "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" disappears, and later Yami Yugi activates "Monster Reborn" to Special Summon it from the Graveyard. However, "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" is shown to appear next to Anubis for a short time, after it had already been destroyed following the activation of its 'Shining Nova'  effect . 
 In the Japanese version of the movie, when Yami Yugi Summons " Magician's Valkyria " and attacks "Peten the Dark Clown", he's briefly shown to have "Magician's Valkyria" with " Premature Burial ", " Mage Power " and 2  face-down  cards. However, that's the  field  he has 1 turn later, when he revives "Magician's Valkyria" to face "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". 
 In the English version of the movie, during Yami Yugi's final turn after his  Draw Phase , " Exchange " and " Diffusion Wave-Motion " are visible in his  hand . In the Japanese version of the movie, it was fixed to show "Exchange" and " Double Spell ". 
 When Anubis activates " Inferno Tempest " and " Fallout " to make Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba drop all of their cards, 2 copies of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and "King's Knight" are shown flying out of Yami Yugi's Duel Disk. There should only be one of each  Egyptian God  card in existence. 
 When Kaiba and Anubis argue over how to defeat Yami Yugi, they both mention they could win the duel there and then, but with the way the field was, there's no way Kaiba could have won on that very same turn. 
 When Yugi uses Kaiba's "Return from the Different Dimension", he mentions how Kaiba wanted 'a perfect victory', but Kaiba never said that - he only thought it. 
 Several cards shown in the movie do not have the proper font for their card names when their cards are played. 
 When "Peten the Dark Clown" attacks the Pharaoh, he stabs him through the back; however, Kaiba calls the attack "Bloodlust  slash "; this is incorrect as a slash leads to a cut, not a puncture. 
 Featured duels 
 Simulated:  Seto Kaiba VS. Yugi Muto 
 (Duel already in progress; this  Duel  is not real but the result of a simulation by  KaibaCorp 's computer)  
 
 Seto Kaiba   has 1300  Life Points , controls 1 " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", no  face-down  cards and three cards in his hand.  Yami Yugi  has 2200  Life Points , controls " Obelisk the Tormentor ", " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " The Winged Dragon of Ra " and has no other cards on his field or in his hand.           "Obelisk the Tormentor" Tributes "Slifer the Sky Dragon" and "The Winged Dragon of Ra" to activate its effect.     
           Simulated:  Seto Kaiba  VS.  Yami Yugi     
 Kaiba's Turn 
Kaiba draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" on the  field  with two copies of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in his  hand  in order to Fusion Summon " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) in  Attack Position . Kaiba then activates " Megamorph " and equips it to "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". Since Seto's  Life Points  are lower than  Yami Yugi 's, the  ATK  of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" is doubled ("Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon": 4500/3800 → 9000/3800).
 Yami Yugi activates the effect of "Obelisk the Tormentor" to Tribute "Slifer the Sky Dragon" and "The Winged Dragon of Ra" in order to destroy all monsters Kaiba controls and inflict 4000 damage to Kaiba ( Seto  1300 → 0).
 
 Joey Wheeler VS. Unidentified Man 
           Joey Wheeler  VS. Unidentified Man     
 Unidentified Man's Turn 
The man draws " Injection Fairy Lily " and subsequently Normal Summons it (400/1500) in Attack Position. "Injection Fairy Lily"  attacks   directly . 
 
 (NOTE: This would be illegal in the real game, since an  attack  cannot be  declared  on the first  turn ; in the Japanese version,  Joey  even questions the legality of this move. In the Japanese version, the man  activates  the  effect  of "Injection Fairy Lily", paying 2000  Life Points  to increase its  ATK  to 3400, so it could be an  anime -exclusive effect of "Injection Fairy Lily" to be able to  attack  like this.) 
 (The rest of the  duel  and perhaps another are not shown; it can be assumed that Joey beat his opponent(s)) 
 
 Joey Wheeler VS. Boy 
Duel already in progress,  Joey Wheeler  has unknown  Life Points , controls " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", " Little-Winguard ", " Rocket Warrior " and " Baby Dragon ". No  face-down  cards and no hand. Boy has unknown  Life Points , controls " Fenrir " and " Inpachi ", no  face-down  cards and one card in his hand.           Joey Wheeler  VS. Boy     
 Boy's Turn 
The boy  Tributes  "Fenrir" and "Inpachi" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Maju Garzett " (?/0) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Maju Garzett", its ATK becomes equal to the combined ATK of the monsters Tributed to summon it ("Maju Garzett": ? → 3000/0). "Maju Garzett"  attacks  &  destroys  "Gearfried the Iron Knight". 
 
 (NOTE: It is unclear whether "Gearfried the Iron Knight" was in  Attack  or  Defense Position ;  Joey 's  Life Point  counter isn't shown to change, but before it's  destroyed , "Gearfried the Iron Knight" is not in its usual "kneeling down"  Defense Position  pose). 
 Joey's Turn 
Joey draws " Gilford the Lightning ". He then  Tributes  "Baby Dragon", "Little-Winguard" and "Rocket Warrior" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Gilford the Lightning" (2800/1400) in Attack Position. The effect of "Gilford the Lightning" then activates, destroying "Maju Garzett". "Gilford the Lightning"  attacks   directly  (Boy (2800 Life Points or less) → 0). 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS. Maximillion Pegasus 
           Seto Kaiba  VS. Maximillion Pegasus     
 Turn 1: Pegasus 
 Pegasus  draws " Toon World " and subsequently activates it by paying 1000  Life Points  (Pegasus 4000 → 3000). Pegasus  Normal Summons  " Toon-Gemini Elf " (1900/900) in  Attack Position  and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Attack Guidance Armor ". Aside from "Attack Guidance Armor", Kaiba's hand is shown to contain " Return from the Different Dimension ", " Soul Release ", " Z-Metal Tank ", " Y-Dragon Head ", and " X-Head Cannon ". Kaiba  Normal Summons  "X-Head Cannon" (1800/1500) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 3: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws " Card of Sanctity " and subsequently activates it to make him and  Seto   draw  until they both have six cards in their  hand  (Pegasus and Kaiba both draw 3 cards each). Pegasus' hand is shown to contain " Toon Table of Contents ", " Toon Summoned Skull ", " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon ", " Monster Reborn ", " Cost Down ", and " Toon Dark Magician Girl ". Kaiba's hand has "Soul Release", "Z-Metal Tank", "Y-Dragon Head", " Ring of Destruction ", "Monster Reborn", and " Polymerization ".
 Pegasus then activates "Cost Down", discarding "Toon Table of Contents" to lower the  Level  of every  monster  in his  hand  by two.  Pegasus then  Normal Summons  "Toon Dark Magician Girl" (  6 → 4/2000/1700) in  Attack Position . "Toon-Gemini Elf" attacks directly via its own effect as Kaiba controls no  Toon monsters  ( Seto  4000 → 2100). Since "Toon-Gemini Elf" inflicted  Battle Damage , its second effect activates, forcing Seto to discard "Monster Reborn".
 "Toon Dark Magician Girl" attacks directly via its own effect, but Seto activates his face-down "Attack Guidance Armor" to redirect the attack to "Toon-Gemini Elf" instead, destroying it ( Pegasus  3000 → 2900). Pegasus activates "Monster Reborn" to revive "Toon-Gemini Elf" (  4 → 2/1900/900) in  Attack Position . Pegasus then activates his face-down " Ultimate Offering ", which allows him to  Normal Summon  more than one  monster  during his Main Phases and Kaiba's Battle Phases at the  cost  of 500  Life Points  for each extra monster summoned.
 Pegasus then Tributes "Toon-Gemini Elf" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" (  8 → 6/3000/2500) in Attack Position ( Pegasus  2900 → 2400). Pegasus then Normal Summons "Toon Summoned Skull" (  6 → 4/2500/1200) in Attack Position ( Pegasus  2400 → 1900). On Pegasus' End Phase, the effect of "Cost Down" expires ("Toon Dark Magician Girl" and "Toon Summoned Skull":   4 → 6; "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon": 6 → 8).
 Turn 4: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Dark Core " and subsequently activates it to  discard  "Y-Dragon Head" and  banish  "X-Head Cannon". Kaiba then activates "Soul Release" banish " Y-Dragon Head " from his  Graveyard . Kaiba then  Normal Summons  "Z-Metal Tank" (1500/1300) in  Attack Position .
 Kaiba then activates his face-down "Return from the Different Dimension" to  pay  half his  Life Points  ( Seto  2100 → 1050) and  Special Summon  "X-Head Cannon" (1800/1500) and "Y-Dragon Head" (1500/1600) from the  Banished  Zone in  Attack Position . Kaiba then banishes "X-Head Cannon", "Y-Dragon Head" and "Z-Metal Tank" to  Special Summon  " XYZ-Dragon Cannon " (2800/2600) in  Attack Position .
 Kaiba then activates the effect of  "XYZ-Dragon Cannon" to discard one card and  destroy  "Toon World". Because "Toon World" is no longer in play, "Toon Dark Magician Girl", "Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon" and "Toon Summoned Skull" are all  destroyed . "XYZ-Dragon Cannon"  attacks   directly  ( Pegasus  1900 → 0).
 
 Yami Yugi VS. Seto Kaiba/Anubis 
           Yami Yugi  VS.  Seto Kaiba     
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 41 → 36)
Kaiba draws " Deck Destruction Virus ". Kaiba's hand is shown to contain " Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Familiar Knight ", " Rare Metal Dragon ", " Des Feral Imp " and " Peten the Dark Clown " and "Deck Destruction Virus". Kaiba then  Normal Summons  "Familiar Knight" (1200/1400) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 36 → 35)
Yami Yugi draws " Mirror Force ". Yami Yugi's hand contains " King's Knight ", " Magician's Valkyria ", " Premature Burial ", " Sage's Stone ", " Queen's Knight ", and "Mirror Force". Yami Yugi then  Normal Summons  "Queen's Knight" (1500/1600) in  Attack Position .
 "Queen's Knight"  attacks  and  destroys  "Familiar Knight". The effect of "Familiar Knight" then activates, letting both players Special Summon a Level 4 monster from their hand.  Seto   Special Summons  "Rare Metal Dragon" (2400/1200) in  Attack Position  while  Yami Yugi   Special Summons  "King's Knight" (1600/1400) in  Attack Position . 
 The effect of "King's Knight" then activates, letting Yami Yugi  Special Summon  " Jack's Knight " (1900/1000) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position  (Yami Yugi's Deck: 35 → 34). Yami Yugi  Sets   Mirror Force .
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Pyramid of Light " and subsequently  Sets  it.
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 34 → 33)
Yami Yugi draws " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". He then  Tributes  "Queen's Knight", "King's Knight" and "Jack's Knight" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Slifer the Sky Dragon" (X000  ATK  / X000  DEF ) in  Attack Position . 
 Due to the effect of "Slifer", its ATK and DEF become equal the number of cards in Yami Yugi's hand times 1000. Yami Yugi currently has three ("Slifer the Sky Dragon": X000 → 3000/X000 → 3000).
 "Slifer"  attacks  and  destroys  "Rare Metal Dragon" ( Seto  4000 → 3400).
 Turn 5: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Obligatory Summon " and subsequently activates it to force  Yami Yugi  to  Special Summon  all monsters from his  Deck  with the same  Attribute  as the  monster  he  controls . Yami Yugi Special Summons " Obelisk the Tormentor " (4000/4000) and " The Winged Dragon of Ra " (? → 0/? → 0) in Attack Position. (Yami Yugi's Deck: 33 → 31)
 Kaiba then activates his face-down "Pyramid of Light" to remove the Egyptian Gods from play. At this point, "Pyramid of Light"  envelops the playing  field , which prevents both Yami Yugi and  Seto  from exiting until the  Duel  is over. Whenever Yami Yugi or Seto lose  Life Points , their actual life energy is drained from them and used to feed  Anubis . 
 A Dark Red Eye appears on the side of the pyramid, absorbing the souls of  Joey  and  Tristan . They are transported to Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle .  Yugi 's own soul is absorbed within his  Millennium Puzzle , leaving Yami Yugi to  Duel  against Seto by himself. The stadium where Yami Yugi and Seto are dueling begins to collapse, but the "Pyramid of Light" protects them from the debris.
 Seto activates "Mystical Space Typhoon" to destroy Yami Yugi's  Mirror Force . He then  Normal Summons  "Peten the Dark Clown" (500/1200) in  Attack Position . "Peten the Dark Clown"  attacks   directly  ( Yami  4000 → 3500). Kaiba  Sets  a card.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 31 → 30)
Yami Yugi draws. He then  Normal Summons  "Magician's Valkyria" (1600/1800) in Attack Position. "Magician's Valkyria" then  attacks  and  destroys  "Peten the Dark Clown" ( Seto  3400 → 2300).
 Kaiba then activates his face-down "Deck Destruction Virus". Now whenever a  DARK   Fiend - Type  monster with at most 500 ATK is destroyed by battle, this card will force Yami Yugi to send ten random cards in his Deck to the Graveyard. The effect of "Deck Destruction Virus" activates (Yami Yugi's Deck: 30 → 20).
 Since "Peten the Dark Clown" was sent to the Graveyard, Kaiba banishes it in order to  Special Summon  another "Peten the Dark Clown" (500/1200) from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . 
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Card of Demise ". He then  Normal Summons  "Des Feral Imp" (1600/1800) in  Defense Position . Kaiba then  activates  "Card of Demise" to draw until he has five cards in his  hand  (his hand is empty so he draws five cards). Five  turns  after the activation of "Card of Demise",  Seto  must  discard  his entire  hand  during his Standby Phase. Kaiba's hand now contains " Polymerization ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", " Attack Guidance Armor ", " Paladin of White Dragon ", and " White Dragon Ritual ".
 Kaiba activates "White Dragon Ritual" to Tribute "Des Feral Imp" and  Ritual Summon  "Paladin of White Dragon" (1900/1200) from his  hand  in  Attack Position . "Paladin of White Dragon"  attacks  and  destroys  "Magician's Valkyria" ( Yami  3500 → 3200).
 Kaiba then activates the second effect of "Paladin of White Dragon" to Tribute itself and  Special Summon  "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (3000/2500) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position . Kaiba then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 20 → 19)
Yami Yugi draws. He then  activates  "Premature Burial" to Special Summon "Magician's Valkyria" (1600/1800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position and equip it with "Premature Burial" by paying 800 Life Points ( Yami  3200 → 2400).
 Yami Yugi then activates " Mage Power " and equips it to "Magician's Valkyria". Now as long as "Magician's Valkyria" is equipped with "Mage Power", it will gain 500  ATK  and  DEF  for every  Spell  and  Trap Card  on Yami Yugi's side of the  field  ("Magician's Valkyria": 1600 → 2600/1800 → 2800). Yami Yugi then  Sets  two cards ("Magician's Valkyria": 2600 → 3600/2800 → 3800).
 "Magician's Valkyria"  attacks  "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but  Seto  activates his face-down "Attack Guidance Armor" to redirect the attack to "Peten the Dark Clown". "Magician's Valkyria" then destroys "Peten the Dark Clown". The effect of "Deck Destruction Virus" activates (Yami Yugi's Deck: 19 → 9) (Noted that one of the destroyed cards was  Dark Magician Girl ).
 Kaiba then banishes "Peten the Dark Clown" in order to  Special Summon  another "Peten the Dark Clown" (500/1200) from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . 
 Turn 9: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Seto activates "Polymerization" to fuse the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" on his field with the two copies in his  hand  in order to  Fusion Summon  " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) in  Attack Position . "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon"  attacks  &  destroys  "Magician's Valkyria" ( Yugi  2400 → 1500).
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 9 → 8)
Yami Yugi draws. He then activates his face-down " Monster Reborn " to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) from his Graveyard in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then activates face-down "Sage's Stone" to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position  (Yami Yugi's Deck: 8 → 7). Yami Yugi then  Tributes  "Dark Magician Girl" and "Dark Magician" in order to  Special Summon  " Sorcerer of Dark Magic " (3200/2800) from his  hand  in  Attack Position .
 "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" then  attacks  " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ". The second effect of "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" then activates, decreasing the ATK of "Blue-Eye Ultimate Dragon" by 500 for each  Spellcaster - Type  monster in Yami Yugi's Graveyard that was sent there from the field. There are currently three: "Dark Magician Girl", "Dark Magician", and "Magician's Valkyria" ("Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon": 4500 → 3000/3800). "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" destroys "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" ( Seto  2300 → 2100).
 Turn 11: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. Kaiba then passes.
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 7 → 6)
Yami Yugi draws. "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" attacks and destroys Seto's "Peten the Dark Clown". The effect of "Deck Destruction Virus" activates, but the first effect of "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" negates the effect of "Deck Destruction Virus" and destroys it.
 Turn 13: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon ". Kaiba then activates "Monster Reborn" to  Special Summon  "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" (4500/3800) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . Seto then Tributes "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" in order to " Special Summon " "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" (3000/2500) in  Attack Position . Due to the first effect of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon", it gains 300 ATK for each Dragon in Kaiba's Graveyard. There are currently five ("Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon": 3000 → 4500/2500).
 "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" attacks Yugi's "Sorcerer of Dark Magic". The second effect of "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" would activate at this point, but Kaiba activates the second effect of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" to negate the effect of "Sorcerer of Dark Magic". "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" then destroys "Sorcerer of Dark Magic" (Yami Yugi 1500 → 200).
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 6 → 5)
Yami Yugi draws " Big Shield Gardna " and subsequently Normal Summons it (100/2600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 15: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Return from the Different Dimension " and subsequently sets it. "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" attacks & destroys Yugi's "Big Shield Gardna".
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 5 → 4)
Yami Yugi draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards (Yami Yugi's Deck: 4 → 2). Since Yami Yugi added " Watapon " from his Deck to his hand by a card effect, he Special Summons it (200/300) in  Defense Position . Yami Yugi then Normal Summons " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 17: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Spear Dragon ". On Kaiba's Standby Phase, the second effect of "Card of Demise" activates, forcing Kaiba to discard his entire hand ("Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon": 4500 → 4800/2500).
 Kaiba activates the third effect of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" to Tribute itself and destroy "Pyramid of Light" (Kaiba intends to use his set card to use Yugi's own  Egyptian God  cards against him so he can have a perfect victory). However,  Anubis  uses his power to prevent the "Pyramid of Light" from being destroyed. Anubis then appears and tosses Kaiba aside in order to take his place in the Duel ( Life Points  included).
 
           Yami Yugi vs. Anubis     
 Turn 17: Anubis (Kaiba's Turn continued) 
Anubis  Special Summons  " Andro Sphinx " (3000/2500) and " Sphinx Teleia " (2500/3000) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position  as "Pyramid of Light" is present on the field.
 Turn 18: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 2 → 1)
Yami Yugi draws " Reverse of Reverse ". He then Sets a card.
 Turn 19: Anubis 
Anubis Sets a card. "Sphinx Teleia" attacks & destroys Yugi's "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" (as it can negate the effects of monsters it battles). "Andro Sphinx" attacks & destroys Yugi's "Watapon". The third effect of "Andro Sphinx" activates, inflicting damage to Yami Yugi equal to half the ATK of his destroyed monster ( Yami  200 → 100).
 Turn 20: Yami Yugi 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 1 → 0)
Yami Yugi draws " Double Spell ". At this point,  Yugi Muto  uses the "Dagger of Fate" to destroy the Eye within Anubis'  Pyramid of Light . This action exposes a weakness in the "Pyramid of Light" card, which Yami Yugi senses. Yami Yugi then activates "Double Spell" to activate "Monster Reborn" from Seto's  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" (3000/2500) from Kaiba's Graveyard to his side of the field in  Attack Position  by discarding " Exchange ".
 Yami Yugi then activates the third effect of "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon" to Tribute itself and destroy Seto/Anubis's "Pyramid of Light". This time, "Pyramid of Light" is destroyed. With "Pyramid of Light" removed from the field, the souls of Yugi, Joey, Tristan, and Téa are returned to their bodies and Anubis's "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" are destroyed.
 Since "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" were destroyed at the same time, Anubis activates the effect of his face-down " Theinen the Great Sphinx " and  Special Summons  it (3500/3000) in Attack Position by paying 1000 Life Points (Anubis 2100 → 1100). Anubis then activates the second effect of "Theinen" in order to increase its ATK by the ATK of all monsters in his Graveyard ("Theinen the Great Sphinx": 3500 → 35000/3000) by paying 1000 Life Points (Anubis 1100 → 100). (In the dub, Anubis activates the Pyramid of Light around his neck to release the dead souls trapped within the Pyramid of Light and the Millennium Puzzle and infuse their power into "Theinen".)
 Yami Yugi activates face-down " Reverse of Reverse " to activate Seto's face-down "Return from the Different Dimension" as his card, allowing Yami Yugi to  Special Summon  "Obelisk the Tormentor" (4000/4000), Slifer the Sky Dragon" (X000 → 0/X000 → 0), and "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (? → 0/? → 0) from the  Banished  Zone in Attack Position by paying half his Life Points ( Yami Yugi  100 → 50).
 Yami Yugi then Tributes "Slifer" and "Ra" to activate the effect of "Obelisk" (4000 → ∞/4000), destroy all monsters Anubis controls, and inflict 4000 damage to Anubis ( Anubis  100 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards were used in the film. Italics are used to denote cards whose first appearance was in the film. 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 X-Head Cannon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon 
 Des Feral Imp 
 Familiar Knight 
 Peten the Dark Clown  x3 
 Rare Metal Dragon 
 Spear Dragon 
 Y-Dragon Head 
 Z-Metal Tank 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of White Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card of Demise 
 Dark Core 
 Megamorph 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Obligatory Summon 
 Polymerization 
 Soul Release 
 White Dragon Ritual 
 Traps 
 Attack Guidance Armor 
 Deck Destruction Virus 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Return from the Different Dimension 
 Ring of Destruction 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 King's Knight 
 Magician's Valkyria 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Sorcerer of Dark Magic 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Watapon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Spell 
 Exchange 
 Mage Power 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Sage's Stone 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Reverse of Reverse 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Dark Magician Girl [1] 
 Toon Dark Magician Girl 
 Toon Gemini Elf 
 Toon Summoned Skull Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card of Sanctity 
 Cost Down 
 Monster Reborn 
 Toon Table of Contents 
 Toon World 
 Traps 
 Ultimate Offering 
 
 Unidentified Man Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight 
 Gilford the Lightning 
 Little-Winguard 
 Rocket Warrior 
 
 Boy Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Inpachi 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fenrir 
 Maju Garzett 
 
 Anubis Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Andro Sphinx 
 Sphinx Teleia 
 Theinen the Great Sphinx Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallout 
 Inferno Tempest 
 Cast 
 Dan Green  as Yugi Muto, Yami Yugi 
 Greg Abbey  as Tristan Taylor 
 Wayne Grayson  as Joey Wheeler 
 Tara Jayne  as Mokuba Kaiba 
 Amy Birnbaum  as Tea Gardner 
 Eric Stuart  as Seto Kaiba 
 Scottie Ray  as Anubis 
 Charles Rocket  as Narrator 
 Music 
 The ending theme for the Japanese version of the film is  Fire , which is sung & composed by Blaze.
 
 Posters 
 
 Trivia 
 The movie was released in theaters in North America, Europe, and Australia, but not in Japan. The movie was shown on special screenings in Japan on November 3rd, 2004. The movie then aired on TV Tokyo on January 2, 2005. 
 The English version of the movie was completely edited when it first appeared in theaters in the US, but the Japanese language version (released in special screenings on November 3rd, 2004 and later aired on TV Tokyo in January 2nd, 2005) differs in content, uncut, and is complete with cards in Japanese. The Japanese version is in 101 minutes and the English version runs originally for 90 minutes. Many scenes in the English version were omitted, switched, and some were altered. 
 This movie was screened in theaters in North America before the  Battle City  finals episodes aired, somewhat spoiling the ending for those who saw the movie. 
 Some of the dialogue in the dub for the movie contained references to other TV shows or movies.
 Joey Wheeler saying "I coulda been a contender" after being trampled by a mob is a reference to the iconic line from  On the Waterfront . 
 He also refers to himself as "The Godfather of Games", adding "Capiche" to the end of his sentence, referencing the movie  The Godfather . 
 After defeating Pegasus, Kaiba said, "That's all, folks," which is said at the end of  Looney Tunes  episodes. 
 When Joey and Tristan ended up in the dimension labyrinth, Joey said, "I don't think we're in Kansas anymore," which was from  The Wizard of Oz . 
 When chased by mummies, Tristan shouted, "Zoinks!" which is Shaggy's catchphrase in  Scooby Doo! . 
 The movie was shown special screenings and on TV Tokyo in Japan after the  Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Monsters  ended there. Thus,  Yami Yugi  already returned to the Spirit World, the  Millennium Items  were sealed away forever, and  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  already began broadcasting in Japan. 
 VIZ Media released an "ani-manga" comic book version of the movie with the Egyptian God card " Slifer the Sky Dragon " as part of their Shonen Jump lineup. 
 This movie is not to be confused with the 30 minute  Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie  that was released in Japan and produced by Toei Animation. 
 The original Japanese story calls for the Pharaoh's past to take place "3000 years ago", but the English translators misread this as "3000 B.C.". The English version thus puts the story 5000 years ago, but some believe this was intentional: nothing is known about Ancient Egypt 5000 years ago, and therefore the existence of  Pharaoh Atem  cannot be disproved (or proven). 
 In the United States,  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Darkside of Dimensions  are the only animated media of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise to have the text on the cards included as their real world counterparts are. Unlike the Japanese original version, the English dub of the TV anime series completely edited the text out of the cards due to FCC regulations, expanding the art on them to fill the gap. The cards in the movie also retained the visual rarity that their real-world card game counterparts have, with the rarer cards having gold lettering on them to match those of an Ultra Rare card. In addition, the Life Point counters used in this Duel are the same used in the original Japanese series. However, there are portions throughout the film in which the cards are displayed with the picture and text mirrored backwards.
 Due to cards being displayed this way, you can see that it says [Spell Card] under each  Spell Card's  name. In  Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Monsters , and the movie itself,  Spell Cards  are still called  Magic Cards . 
 In the beginning of the movie, it is said that Yugi defeated  Seto Kaiba  to win the finals of the  Battle City  Duel Monsters tournament. However, Yugi's true opponent for the final of the tournament was against  Marik Ishtar  /  Dark Marik  as all scenes that follow the headline show Yugi receiving The Winged Dragon of Ra from Marik. 
 Much like the early Pokémon theatrical releases, the movie released limited-edition promotional cards in the  Movie Pack  alongside the tickets bought for the movie. To further stretch the card game tie-in, the  Exclusive Pack  was released in card shops to help garner interest in the movie. The DVD versions stated that there were 4 promo cards included in the DVD; however, most versions instead came with a " Pyramid of Light " card and a fee was required to be sent to  4Kids Entertainment  to be able to receive those cards. 
 Much against  Yu-Gi-Oh!  North American dub,  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light  also featured an unusual amount of violence compared to the dub:
 Contrary to the usual concept of  Shadow Realm , the words "Kill" and "Die" are used for the very first time. "Die" is used by  Anubis , "Killed" is used by Solomon Muto's reading of the prophecy. 
 Violent comments like " Soon worms will feast your flesh, just as they did on mine " and " You will be destroyed " are used by  Anubis . 
 Pegasus also used the word "violent" in one of his lines of dialogue, saying, "Cartoons are so violent these days, aren't they?" 
 No censorship is applied on mummies being dismembered or Yugi's silhouette being "stabbed" by " Peten the Dark Clown ". 
 The cards are displayed in their  TCG  form, but " Dark Magician Girl " displays a pentagram (as per the original card) instead of her usual censored "ruby". 
 " Injection Fairy Lily " also rides a syringe, as opposed to the rocket she rides in the dubbed anime. 
 Pegasus makes a direct reference to "wine spritzers", where alcoholic beverages are usually changed to something else in the dub (usually fruit juice). 
 Near the end, Kaiba says the word "bull" (short for the swear word). This is as close as the English dub got to a swear word, unless the word "crap" is considered in the same category. 
 Although the musical score (background instrumentals) was released for the Japanese version of the movie, the score for the English version was never officially released.
 Joel Douek , one of the series' composers for the dub, unofficially released these tracks on his YouTube account and FTP. 
 A few times during the movie,  Seto Kaiba 's hair glowed green, which could be an homage to the first series. 
 Near the beginning of the movie, when Solomon is reading the newspaper, we can see that the picture was taken by Norman Grossfeld - the writer and executive producer of the movie. 
 In the beginning of the movie, a group of archaeologists discovered Anubis' tomb. Their appearance is similar to the archaeologists who discovered the  Dark Puzzle  in the first episode of the  first series . 
 Though elements of the  Dawn of the Duel  story arc from season 5 of the show are used, the plot of this film greatly mirrors that of the  Waking the Dragons  story arc from season 4. An ancient enemy arises and uses the Pharaoh's power against him in some way, they possess a powerful artifact and use its card counterpart to surround the field and prevent any interference, Yugi is prevented from using the God Cards until the end, after the enemy loses the final duel from a combined attack of 3 Legendary Monsters they take the form of or combine with a great beast to attack Yugi and his friends (Joey even uses some of the same monsters to fight both), the enemy uses Pegasus to manipulate Kaiba when he seeks him out for answers, Pegasus later shows up to provide background information and other answers for Yugi and/or his friends, and Yugi and the Pharaoh are separated for a sizable portion of the story and are only reunited once the enemy suffers some form of defeat and loses what was originally going to be the source of power for their attack on the world. 
 The "Dagger of Fate" was a plot device added to the English version to give meaning to Yugi throwing it at the eye inside of the Millennium Puzzle. In the Japanese version, the dagger was never mentioned at all before that scene and Yugi just needed to find a hard object to throw at the eye and break it. 
 In the dubbed version, Anubis is heard speaking in Ancient Egyptian on several accounts, whereas in the Japanese version, he seldom spoke the language.
 However some of the words may have been fantasized since the correct pronunciation of most Ancient Egyptian words is still somewhat unknown. 
 Despite the movie debuting in 2004 for the US, the cards still have the lore from when they were first printed in the US.
 Some cards like "Magician's Valkyria" have the incorrect typeface for things like the name possibly due to the fact that the card didn't yet exist in English, though this also occurred for Toon Summoned Skull, which was released before the movie. 
 After Kaiba beat Pegasus, he said "That's all Folks!", referring to the slogan of other cartoons of Warner Bros., also mocking Pegasus's Toon Deck. 
 When Tristan saw the mummies for the first time, he yelled "Zoinks!" This is the exclamation of Shaggy Rogers from  Scooby-Doo , another show of Warner Bros. 
 An image of " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " appears on the label of Pegasus's red wine bottle. 
 This is the only  Yu-Gi-Oh!  movie where any kind of " Red-Eyes " monster does not appear. 
 When the movie was released in theaters in the US, it was largely panned by critics. It received a 5% from all critics, and a 0% from all top critics on Rotten Tomatoes. 
 When Seto and Pegasus draw due to " Card of Sanctity ", " Dark Magician Girl " can be see in Pegasus'  hand  instead of " Toon Dark Magician Girl ". 
 This is the only  Yu-Gi-Oh!  media released in Russia. 
 Notes and references 
 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in Pegasus hand during his Duel with Kaiba in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light . It was changed to its Toon version sometime after. 
 
 
 External links 
 Página Oficial Yu-Gi-Oh! La Película 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 characters 
 bunkōban 
 volumes 
 Subseries 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Duelist 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Millennium World 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Spin-offs 
 R 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 GX 
 chapters 
 5D's 
 chapters 
 ZEXAL 
 chapters 
 D Team 
 ARC-V 
 chapters 
 The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 chapters 
 SEVENS 
 chapters 
 Luke! Legend of Exploding Military Rule!! 
 
 Anime 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 characters 
 cards 
 episodes 
 VHS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  ( Duel Monsters ) 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 DVD 
 Capsule Monsters 
 episodes 
 Films 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Pyramid of Light 
 VS. GX   (canceled) 
 Bonds Beyond Time 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Spin-offs 
 GX 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5D's 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ZEXAL 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ARC-V 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 VRAINS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 
 Storylines 
 Manga 
 School 
 Death-T 
 Monster World 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Battle City 
 Tournament Finals 
 King's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 TRANSCEND GAME 
 Anime 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Domino City Battles 
 Battle City (part 1) 
 Virtual World 
 Battle City (part 2) 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Grand Championship 
 Pharaoh's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Plot elements 
 Millennium Items 
 Egyptian Gods 
 Wicked Gods 
 Orichalcos 
 Legendary Dragons 
 Games 
 Bandai's Official Card Game 
 Konami's  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 
 Official Card Game 
 Trading Card Game 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Digital Pets 
 Dragon Cards 
 Monster World 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Capsule Monsters Video games 
 Others 
 Earth 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Solid Vision 
 Dueling Arena 
 KaibaCorp 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/PyramidofLightPoster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20071011204459', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/MOV-Pyramid-of-Light-and-Tablet-Montage.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/425?cb=20090830194712', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Anubis.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20080722044515', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/MOV_Winged_Dragon_of_Ra_Error.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20081029223111', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/ObeliskUsesTitanFirestorm.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130605012308', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/MOV-Seto-vs-Yugi-Duel1-Simulated.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20090830155245', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/MOV-Joey-vs-Man-Duel3.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20090830155849', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/MOV-Joey-vs-Boy-Duel4.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20090830160205', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/MOV-Seto-vs-Pegasus-Duel2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090830155511', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/MOV-Yugi-vs-Seto-Duel5.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/400?cb=20090830160333', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/MOV-Yugi-vs-Anubis-Duel5.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/550?cb=20090830161248', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/PyramidofLightPoster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/126?cb=20071011204459', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Movies