Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Rokket


 
 Rokket 
 ヴァレット  ( Varetto ) 
 
 
 
 
 Anesthrokket Dragon 
 
 
 Translation 
 vullet varrett 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Rokkette 
 
 
 German 
 Rakkete 
 
 
 Italian 
 Mizzile 
 
 
 Korean 
 바렛   Baret   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Foguette 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Cohette 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Circuit Break Cybernetic Horizon Extreme Force Savage Strike Burst of Destiny 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Duel Power Structure Deck: Rokket Revolt Chaos Impact Maximum Gold: El Dorado 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 LINK VRAINS Edition LINK VRAINS Box Structure Deck: Revolver V Jump August 2019 promotional card Legendary Gold Box Secret Utility Box 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Rokket ", known in the  OCG  as 「ヴァレット」( Varetto , either " Vullet " or " Varrett " [1] ), is an  archetype  of  DARK   Dragon   monsters  used by  Ryoken Kogami (Varis)  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Members 
 4   Weaknesses 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Official Decklists 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 All monsters have long, legless bodies with glowing wings.
 They are most likely based on:
 
 Exploderokket - Radically Invasive Projectile 
 Rokket Tracer – .22 Magnum for handgun 
 Anesthrokket – Tranquillizer Dart 
 Metalrokket - .30-06 Springfield for rifles 
 Recharger – unknown electrified bullet, similar to an electric shell, but in the shape of a .38 Special 
 Silverrokket – the mythological " Silver Bullet " used to stop werewolves 
 Autorokket – .45 ACP 
 Magnarokket -.357 Magnum, both have 'Mag' in the name 
 Shelrokket – 12 gauge bullet for shotgun 
 Synchron - .380 ACP 
 Etymology 
 "Rokket" is a play on the word "rocket". Its Japanese name, "Vullet", is a corruption of "bullet", playing on the tendency of Japanese to replace "V" sounds with "B" ones. It may also reference the archetype's user in the anime, Varis, who shares a similar gun and ammunition theme in his original Japanese name and the design of his mask. The " Borrel " archetype uses the same play with the word "barrel".
 The Italian name, "Mizzile", is a cross between "Missile" and "Razzo" (rocket).
 
 Playing style 
 All "Rokket" monsters (except " Rokket Synchron ", " Rokket Tracer ", " Rokket Recharger ", and " Rokket Caliber ") have the following effects in common:
 
 When a  Link Monster 's  effect  is  activated  that  targets  this  face-up  card on the  field  ( Quick Effect ): You can  destroy  this card, then [...]  (listed below) 
 During the  End Phase , if this card is in the  GY  because it was destroyed on the field by  battle  or card effect and  sent  there this  turn : You can  Special Summon  1 "Rokket"  monster  from your  Deck , except [a card with the same name]. 
 You can only use each effect of [this card' name] once per turn. 
 Although at first glance this may not make them viable since it is unlikely your opponent would use their monsters to target them, the Deck allows the player to target them oneself. The Ace Monsters of the archetype "Borrel" , can target a Monster on the field and apply an effect, and the opponent cannot chain anything to the effect's activation. As such, a common move is to destroy the "Rokkets" when they are targeted by a "Borrel" effect , and activate their effects. Using the "Rokket" monsters in this fashion is analogous to using them as literal cannon fodder.  
 Even if "Borreload/Sword/Guard Dragon" is not available, the player can use the likes of " Booster Dragon ", " Striker Dragon " or " Quadborrel Dragon " which are easier to summon, but less versatile. 
 " Borreload Dragon " cannot be targeted by monster effects, which leaves it immune to the effect of " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ", unlike other  Link Monsters . It can even give you control of a Monster it attacks during the Damage Step, and transfer it to one of your Link Points, but it will be sent to the GY during the End Phase of the next turn. 
 " Borrelsword Dragon " cannot be destroy in battle which makes it almost impossible to get rid using attacks. It can switch a monster to defense position and allow itself to attack twice. Finally when it declares an attack on an opponents monster it can halve that monsters ATK and gain the ATK lost until the end of the turn paired withs its ability to attack twice "Borrelsword" makes an excellent beatstick monsters. 
 " Borrelguard Dragon " cannot be destroyed by effect and like Borrelsword it can switch a monster to defense position. "Borrelguard" can revive an opponents monster the turn it was destroyed by sending a card from the S/T zone to the GY, but its effects are negated. This can help build up defenses by ditching a useless set card and the revived monster can also be used a beatstick or link material 
 "Borrelend Dragon" is one of the most powerful link monsters in the game. "Borrelend" has all the protection effects of the previous "Borrel" monsters as well as 3500 ATK. "Borrelend" can also attack every monster the opponent controls once allowing for massive damage a field clearing. Finally, "Borrelend" can permanently negate a monsters effect while it is on the field and revive a "Rokket" at the same time stopping the opponents strategies and preparing for the use of a "Rokkets" effect. 
 With " Supply Squad ", "Borreload Dragon" becomes a powerful  Draw Engine . The severe Deck Thinning that comes with running a "Rokket" Deck makes " Blasting the Ruins " a viable Trap Card, especially with "Supply Squad". Due to the archetype's synergy with "Supply Squad", lack of searching cards, and focus on Special Summoning from the Deck, " Mistake " is a good addition to the Deck.
 Due to the archetype's focus on destroying "Rokkets", which all consist of Dragon Monsters, they can be used in a  Graveyard Dragon Power  Deck. "Borreload Dragon" would use its effects to target one of your "Rokkets", which would destroy themselves. The "Rokkets" also replace themselves during the End Phase when they are destroyed on the field, allowing you to keep using "Borreload Dragon" as a deadly weapon and loading your field.  
 " Twin Triangle Dragon " can be used to bring back " Absorouter Dragon " or " Noctovision Dragon ", both of which can be utilized by the "Rokket" archetype as fodder for the Link 3 and Link 4 monsters, such as "Borreload Dragon" or " Triple Burst Dragon " as well as provide a draw or an add. 
 While nowhere as strong as "Borreload Dragon", " Triple Burst Dragon " can come in handy if lacking the sufficient amount of Link Material, or at least prove to be a decent backup plan should all of your copies of "Borreload/Sword/Guard Dragon" and/or " Topologic Bomber Dragon " be used up without any options left to bring either back. 
 " Dillingerous Dragon " is one of the best support cards for a "Rokket" deck as its summoning requirements are not as strict as the other Link-2 monsters found in the deck and can revive itself to be used a link material a second time. 
 "Rokket" monsters tend to get destroyed, either by your opponent or your own card effects such as " Torrential Tribute ", therefore, you can play " Keeper of the Shrine " or " Overflow Dragon " as extra defense or as Link Material. 
 " Borreload Furious Dragon " can be used to destroy itself or other "Rokkets" on the field, allowing for more floating. It also banishes itself from the grave to Special Summon a DARK Link Monster from there (most likely "Borreload" or "Borrelsword") relinquishing you from relying on extra revival cards in case you lose the decks most valuable asset. Although the drawback of this is that you cannot activate the summoned monster's effects so it may be smarter to summon a Link 2 or 3 instead and Link Summon off the back of it. Rapid trigger can be used to activate the effects of the destroyed "Rokkets" as well as provide protection from extra deck monster effects to "Furious Dragon" at the cost of preventing it from attacking anything but extra deck summoned monsters. 
 " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " is a good tech choice when combined with " Rapid Trigger " as it allows you to surprise your opponent during battle with an ATK booster with effect protection provided by the Spell. Alternatively, " Flash Fusion " destroys the  Fusion Summoned  monster during the End Phase allowing you to use "Starving Venom's" destruction effect. 
 " Borreload Savage Dragon " can be used as both a beatstick and a powerful negater. "Savage Dragon" also benefits from the high ATK and the high Link Ratings of "Borrel Link monsters" as well as the easy summoning provided by "Rokket Tracer" and "Rokket Synchron" 
 " Borreload eXcharge Dragon " has high ATK and cannot be targeted by monster effects. "eXcharge Dragon's" low rank and high ATK make it valuable even without its effect. Finally, though its effect weakens a monster's ATK and revives a "Borrel"  monster you cannot attack directly or special summon for the rest of the turn and the revived "Borrel" is banished at the end of the turn making the effect best suited for a game winning move. An important note is that "Furious Dragon" can destroy itself and an opponents cards before it is banished allowing it to be used again.   
 The "Topologic" archetype has good synergy with the deck with their effects easily activates via a destroyed "Rokkets" replacement. 
 " Rokket Tracer " adds a new level of versatility, allowing you to pop a card you control to Special Summon a "Rokket" from your deck. This allows you quicker access to  Synchro Summons  (due to it being a  Tuner ),  Xyz Summons  and Link Summons faster than the archetype could before.
 "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" can easily summon itself and revive a "Borrel" monster with ease or revive a "Rokket" to use. It can also be a target for "Twin Triangle's" effect.
 Since "Borrel" monsters have no specific material requirements, monsters stolen from the opponent can be used as material for their summon.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Effect when targeted by a Link Monster 
 Origin
 
 
 Anesthrokket Dragon 
 Negates 1 face-up monster's effects and prevents it from attacking. 
 Tranquilizer gun 
 
 
 Autorokket Dragon 
 Sends 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field to the GY. 
 Submachine gun 
 
 
 Exploderokket Dragon 
 Inflicts 2000 damage to both players. 
 High-explosive incendiary 
 
 
 Magnarokket Dragon 
 Sends 1 monster on the field to the GY. 
 .44 Magnum 
 
 
 Metalrokket Dragon 
 Destroys all opponent's cards in the same column. 
 M2 Browning 
 
 
 Rokket Caliber 
 N/A 
 Caliber 
 
 
 Rokket Recharger 
 N/A 
 Moon clip 
 
 
 Rokket Synchron 
 N/A 
 Synchron 
 
 
 Rokket Tracer 
 N/A 
 Tracer ammunition 
 
 
 Shelrokket Dragon 
 Destroys 1 monster in the same column and all monsters in adjacent zones. 
 Shotgun shell 
 
 
 Silverrokket Dragon 
 Banishes 1 card from the opponent's Extra Deck. 
 Silver bullet 
 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite the archetype’s focus on destroying “Rokket” monsters as well as Special Summons, cards such as “ Vanity's Ruler ” and “ Vanity's Fiend ” can prevent the Special Summon of those “Rokket” monsters from the Deck, as well as preventing Link Summoning monsters. This can cause problems for them, as they won’t be able to replace themselves when they are destroyed and send to the GY, especially since none of the members have enough ATK to defeat “Vanity’s Ruler”.
 Since all the members of the “Rokket” archetype are DARK monsters, “ Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror ” can pose a threat to them since it can negate their effects in the field or GY, including the “Borrel” monsters. Despite this, this strategy is useless against “ Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon " due to being a LIGHT monster.
 Preventing the “Rokket” Main Deck monsters from hitting the graveyard with cards such as “ Dimensional Fissure ” can disrupt plays prematurely, as they can’t used their graveyard floating effects if they are banished from the game, as well as rendering “ Boot Sector Launch ” almost useless. In addition, this also prevents “Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon” from gaining more ATK. This can be countered by having “ Imperial Iron Wall ” in your deck, providing that you don’t run “ Allure of Darkness ”.
 Since all the members are Dragons, “ Buster Blader ”, and it’s Fusion evolution, “ Buster Blader, the Destruction Swordmaster ”, would seriously hamper this deck, especially the latter due to its effects of forcing your Dragons to Defense Position, and preventing their effects from being activated. Although “Borrel” Link Monsters and other Dragon Link Monsters won’t face that problem due to the fact Link Monsters only exist in Attack Position, it’s unlikely they would stand a chance against “The Destruction Swordmaster“, seeing how they can’t activate their effects at all.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Absorouter Dragon 
 Anesthrokket Dragon 
 Autorokket Dragon 
 Double Disrupter Dragon 
 Exploderokket Dragon 
 Galactic Spiral Dragon 
 Gateway Dragon 
 Hibernation Dragon 
 Interplanetarypurplythorny Dragon 
 Magnarokket Dragon 
 Metalrokket Dragon 
 Noctovision Dragon 
 Outburst Dragon 
 Overflow Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Rokket Recharger 
 Shellrokket Dragon 
 Silverrokket Dragon 
 Speedburst Dragon 
 Triggering Wurm 
 Tuner monsters 
 Rokket Caliber 
 Rokket Synchron 
 Rokket Tracer 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Borreload Riot Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Borreload Furious Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Borreload Savage Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Borreload eXcharge Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Booster Dragon 
 Borrelcode Dragon 
 Borrelend Dragon 
 Borrelguard Dragon 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Dillingerous Dragon 
 Miniborrel Dragon 
 Overburst Dragon 
 Quadborrel Dragon 
 Striker Dragon 
 Twin Triangle Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bayonet Punisher 
 Boot Sector Launch 
 Borrel Regenerator 
 Borrel Supplier 
 Heavy Interlock 
 Quick Launch 
 Rapid Trigger 
 Squib Draw 
 Draconnection 
 Dark Hole 
 Dark Ruler No More 
 Mind Control 
 Monster Reborn 
 Supply Squad 
 Traps 
 Borrel Cooling 
 Execute Protocols 
 Link Turret 
 Tactical Exchanger 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Crackdown 
 Infinite Impermanence 
 Loop of Destruction 
 Red Reboot 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Official Decklists 
 
 V Jump Recommended "Rokket" Deck [2] Monsters  (23) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Anesthrokket Dragon  x3 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring  x3 
 Autorokket Dragon  x3 
 Dogoran, the Mad Flame Kaiju 
 Gateway Dragon  x3 
 Magnarokket Dragon  x3 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Sniffer Dragon  x3 
 True King Agnimazud, the Vanisher  x3 Extra Deck  (15) 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician 
 Decode Talker  x2 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Gaiasaber, the Virtual Knight 
 Ningirsu the World Chalice Warrior 
 Proxy Dragon  x3 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon 
 Twin Triangle Dragon  x3 
 Borreload Dragon  x2 Spells  (14) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Dragonic Diagram  x3 
 Monster Reborn 
 Quick Launch  x3 
 Squib Draw  x3 
 Terraforming  x3 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front  x3 
 
 Official Konami "Rokket" Deck Recipe [3] Monsters  (22) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Anesthrokket Dragon  x3 
 Autorokket Dragon  x3 
 Cracking Dragon  x2 
 Gateway Dragon  x3 
 Magnarokket Dragon  x3 
 Sniffer Dragon  x3 
 Soldier Dragons  x3 
 Summoner Monk Extra Deck  (10) 
 Link Monsters 
 Gaiasaber, the Virtual Knight 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon  x3 
 Twin Triangle Dragon  x3 
 Borreload Dragon  x3 Spells  (14) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Dragonoid Generator 
 Foolish Burial 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Quick Launch  x3 
 Soul Charge 
 Squib Draw  x3 
 Supply Squad  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x3 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Trivia 
 This archetype, as well as " Borrel ", can be considered successors of sorts to the  Gun Dragon  archetype, taking many visual cues and the overall theme from (mecha, dragons and guns). They also share the same  DARK  Attribute, but that's where there similarities end, having a vastly different play style and mechanics. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 010: " Eye of the Storm "  (official subs) 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/vjmp-circuit-break/ 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/lockandloadpart1/ 
 
 
   
" Rokket " 「ヴァレット」 Members 
 Anesthrokket Dragon Autorokket Dragon Exploderokket Dragon Magnarokket Dragon Metalrokket Dragon Rokket Caliber Rokket Coder Rokket Recharger Rokket Synchron Rokket Tracer Shelrokket Dragon Silverrokket Dragon 
 Support 
 Absorouter Dragon Anesthrokket Dragon Autorokket Dragon Booster Dragon Borrelend Dragon Borreload Riot Dragon Dillingerous Dragon Double Disrupter Dragon Exploderokket Dragon Magnarokket Dragon Metalrokket Dragon Miniborrel Dragon Overburst Dragon Quadborrel Dragon Rokket Tracer Shelrokket Dragon Silverrokket Dragon Speedburst Dragon Striker Dragon 
 Boot Sector Launch Borrel Cooling Borrel Regenerator Borrel Supplier Heavy Interlock Link Turret Quick Launch Squib Draw Tactical Exchanger 
 Related 
 Borreload Dragon Chobham Armor Dragon Flash Charge Dragon Noctovision Dragon Triggering Wurm Triple Burst Dragon Vorticular Drumgon 
 Rapid Trigger 
 
 v e 
" Rokket " 「ヴァレット」 a   Members 
 Anesthrokket Dragon Autorokket Dragon Magnarokket Dragon Metalrokket Dragon Rokket Recharger Rokket Synchron Shelrokket Dragon Silverrokket Dragon 
 Support 
 Absorouter Dragon Anesthrokket Dragon Autorokket Dragon Booster Dragon Boot Sector Launch Boot Sector Launch Borrel Cooling Borrel Half Replace Borrel Regenerator Borrel Regenerator Dillingerous Dragon Magnarokket Dragon Miniborrel Dragon Quadborrel Dragon Quick Launch Silverrokket Dragon Speedburst Dragon Squib Draw 
 Related 
 Borreload Dragon Borrelsword Dragon Chobham Armor Dragon Flash Charge Dragon Triggering Wurm 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/AnesthrokketDragon-JP-Anime-VR-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170726145208']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes