Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Player_(WC08)


 
 Player 
 
 
 
 
 Default female and male appearances of the player. 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male Female 
 
 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 Starter Deck Anything 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 
 This article describes the playable character in the video game,  Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 . The player choses the name and gender of the character, controls their actions and contents of their Deck.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Grace 
 2.2   Sunlight 
 2.3   Civilization 
 2.4   Darkness 
 2.5   Order 
 2.6   Chaos 
 2.7   Stone monument 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 
 
 Appearance 
 The player can wear any of the following clothing and customize its color:
 
 
 
 Outfit
 
 Applicable genders
 
 
 Red Uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Brown jumper 
 
 Male
 
 
 Brown Dress 
 
 Female
 
 
 Yellow Uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Blue Uniform 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Jersey 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Stuffy Collared Shirt 
 
 Male
 
 
 Blazer uniform 
 
 Female
 
 
 T-shirt 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 Accessories 
 
 Male
 
 
 Dress of leather 
 
 Female
 
 
 White jacket 
 
 Male
 
 
 Gothic 
 
 Female
 
 
 Moonlight 
 
 Male
 
 
 Shop uniform 
 
 Female
 
 
 Night Light 
 
 Male
 
 
 White robe 
 
 Female
 
 
 Kaibaman Coat 
 
 Male
 
 
 Harpie Lady  costume
 
 Female
 
 
 Celtic Guardian  costume
 
 Male
 
 
 Dark Magician Girl  costume
 
 Female
 
 
 Kimono 
 
 Male, female
 
 
 King Coat 
 
 Male
 
 
 Queen Dress 
 
 Female
 
 
 Neos Suit 
 
 Male
 
 
 Tutu Dress 
 
 Female
 
 
 World Championship T-shirt 
 
 Male, female
 
 The player starts off with the  Academy Disk  , but can unlock and use the following  Duel Disks  too.
 
 Gorgeous Disk 
 Kaibaman Disk 
 Amazoness Disk 
 Pharaoh Disk 
 Vampire Disk 
 Alchemy Disk 
 Standard Duel Disk 
 Black Disk 
 Girl's Disk 
 Alien Disk 
 Axel Brodie Disk 
 Adrian Gecko Disk 
 Yubel Disk 
 Red Academy Disk 
 Yellow Academy Disk 
 Blue Academy Disk 
 Biography 
 Grace 
 The player start off as a traveler to Duel World, the player start in the first world  Grace . There are some Duel Spirits against whom the player can duel in this world. 
 Once the player have beat everyone at least once, the player will see a  Curse of Vampire  bullying  Gigobyte . Talk to Gigobyte, and Curse of Vampire will intervene. If the player wager a rare card, he will agree to duel the player.
 Defeat him, and the player unlock Curse of Vampire in World Championship Mode, and Gigobyte will show the player to the gate.
 Green Guardian - Embust will present the player with 5 different decks to duel against. Beat three, and he will open the gate, allowing the player to enter the next world - World of Sunlight.
 Defeat all five decks to unlock  Syrus Truesdale  in World Championship Mode.
 
 Sunlight 
 In this world, the player will see a Pyramid with  Guardian Sphinx  beside it. The player must talk to him and the player will be presented with five Duel Puzzles. Complete three to enter the pyramid, complete five to unlock  Maximillion Pegasus  in World Championship Mode. Inside the pyramid there are even more duelists.The player beating each duelist (not counting Dark Mimic LV1) at least once and  Spirit of the Pharaoh  will appear. Defeat him, and the player unlock Spirit of the Pharaoh in World Championship Mode. 
 Head outside, and the player will find  Sand Moth  kicking sand on  Pyramid Turtle . The player has option to help, and the player will duel Sand Moth. After defeating it, the player unlock Sand Moth in World Championship Mode, and the turtle shows the player to an underwater area.
 Here, there are even more duelists. Beat them all at least once and a fourth duelist will appear,  Otohime . Defeat Otohime, and the player unlock her in World Championship Mode, and a new gate will appear.
 When the player went to the gate,  Shell Guardian - Savan  will provides the player with five challenges. They are all normal duels, but with restrictions to deck building:
 
 40 card deck 
 2000 LP 
 Only Monster Cards 
 Spells Forbidden 
 3 of each card 
 The player complete three challenges to unlock the World of Civilization, and complete all five to unlock  Alexis Rhodes  in World Championship Mode.
 
 Civilization 
 In this world, the player will see a volcano and a factory area. Once again, the player will face some duelists and  The Unhappy Maiden  is in need of help. The player give her 4000 Life Points of LP recovery cards and she will give the player  The Unhappy Girl ,  The Unhappy Maiden , and the player unlock her in World Championship Mode.
 After beating each duelist (not including Molten Behemoth) once, the player head back to the World of Grace and the player talk to  Ojama Black . Then, the player go to the pyramid in the World of Sunlight and the player talk to  Ojama Green  - he'll duel the player. Win or lose, the player head back to the World of Civilization to find  Ojama Yellow  being attacked by  Blowback Dragon . Duel it and win. 
 For the effort, the player unlock Ojama Yellow and Blowback Dragon in World Championship Mode.  Kozaky  will also invite the player to his lab.
 He will ask the player if the player want to be a part of his duel research. There, the player must duel and beat  Inpachi ,  Blazing Inpachi , and  Woodborg Inpachi  once each. This unlocks Woodborg Inpachi in World Championship Mode.
 Kozaky then asks the player for a favour - to enter the cave in the volcano and find its treasure. Inside await three more duel spirits. After defeating each duelist (not counting Kotetsu) once, the player receive the treasure -  Limiter Removal .
 After the player receive the volcano treasure, the player take it to Kozaky, and he'll work on his new creation,  Giga Gagagigo , though it goes out of control. The player duel it, and the player will unlock Kozaky in World Championship Mode and find the gate to the next world.
 At the gate, the player will be challenged by  Speed Guardian - Ferrario . The player have to beat him three times in a row without resting in between, and the player can only carry a maximum of 10000 LP over to the next duels. Defeat him, and the player travel to the World of Darkness, along with unlocking several items at one go - that includes the Axel Brodie Disk and  Axel Brodie  in World Championship Mode.
 
 Darkness 
 This world introduces the player to  Tag Duels .  Neo-Spacian Dark Panther  will explain the mechanics of a tag duel to the player and also puts the player in a practice duel to demonstrate. After this, he'll become the player's tag partner (this can be changed if the player beaten any duel spirit at least ten times. Any duel ghost the player have downloaded will also work).
 Now, this place has several teams waiting for the player. There's  Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World  waiting at a corner. The player talk to him, and each time the player do so the player well find itself in a Tag Duel with some of the  Dark World  denizens, and the player well also have to ante a card with "Dark World" in its name.
 Also, since the player are wagering a card, the player well also get a Dark World card each time the player defeat a team. Now, once the player were done beating these three teams, the player will duel every team available once more (appears that they have been brainwashed), and then a castle will appear.
 The player visit it, and the player will be greeted by  Gogiga Gagagigo  and  Mobius the Frost Monarch . After the player beat them, and the player will afterwards be challenged by  Vampire Lord  and  Vampire Lady . Defeat both teams and they unlock themselves in World Championship Mode.
 Alien Infiltrator  arrives, grumbles about the player undoing of the brainwashing, and disappears into the sky. The map has expanded - the player head up into the skies and take on more teams.
 After beating each team once, Alien Infiltrator and  Alien Shocktrooper  will challenge the player to a brainwashing duel - this one is computer-controlled. It may take the player a few tries to beat them. After the player beat them, they unlock themselves, and reveal the gate to the next world.
 When the player went to the next gate, the player are to face the guardians,  Dark World Guardian - Gigori  and  Underworld Guardian - Moley , and their five deck combinations. The player beat three to proceed, and beat five to unlock  Aster Phoenix  in World Championship Mode.
 
 Order 
 The World of Order is filled with various challenges that require the player to meet certain conditions to pass. The player must be prepared to stock up on DP to get the right cards and meet these requirements. 
 As usual, some duel spirits await the player at first.  Layard the Liberator  guards the gate. The player will have to beat it using a deck consisting of  Fairy - Type  monsters. By doing this it'll expand the map, and  Gellenduo  will come by talking about a card they lost. The player will be ask to help find the card.
 Anyway, the player will find a couple more duelists in the area. The player talks to both Nyan Nyan and Absorbing Kid. They will mention a strangely coloured cloud. A new duelist,  Cloudian - Poison Cloud  will appear over the hole in the clouds. By beating it the player will be able to travel beneath the clouds to find more duelists.
 When the player first duels these duelists, the player will be faced with certain conditions. After beating every duelist here at least once, the player challenges Senju again he'll say he picked something up, but will only give it to the player if the player beats him in 5 turns. The player's reward is the  Nova Summoner  card that Gellenduo has dropped.
 The player goes back out, and  Radiant Jeral  is waiting at the next gate - the player will have to deck it out to win. After the player is done,the gate will be opened. Up ahead is  Airknight Parshath  and a couple more of duel spirits.
 The player talks to Parshath and Parshath is worry about Gellenduo, as they were supposed to give him the Nova Summoner card. When the player gives him the card, he claims that the player stole it. It will eventually lead to the "Nova Summoner Robbery Case",  Voltanis the Adjudicator  will accuse the player of being guilty. To prove innocence, the player will end up in a duel against Voltanis.
 Win or lose, the player will still be declared guilty until Gellenduo comes in and helps the player out. The player will be proven innocent and released. If the player won the duel, the player will unlock both Voltanis and Parshath in World Championship Mode.
 Up ahead at the next gate is  Harvest Angel of Wisdom , requesting that the player finishes him off by doing at least 8000 Life Points' worth of damage in a single turn. If the player does so, the next part of the map will be available.
 Meltiel, Sage of the Sky  will approach the player and congratulate the player for making it this far, and states that there is a gate on top of this palace. However, to reach it the player will have to face several duelists along the way, each with their own condition to meet.
 Once the player has beaten all five challenges, the gate awaits the player.  Sky Guardian - Sefolile  will challenge the player to a 5-round survival duel. Just like Ferrario's, but longer. After the player finish this, the credits roll, and the player unlock several things at once, including  Dark Zane  in World Championship Mode, and the last world - the World of Chaos.
 
 Chaos 
 The player will see two parts of the world, above and beneath. Several duel spirits await the player, as usual. 
 
 Stone monument 
 There are a total of nine stone monuments in Duel World, the player can only encounter a stone monument if the player has beaten all the duelists five times each. Each stone monument has a carving of a duel spirits and the player need to summon it, in order to unseal it. The player sometime have to use the effect of the duel spirits, to unseal it. If the player unseal it, it will unlock more duelists in World Championship Mode.
 Clearing the six stone monuments, it will unlock  Joey Wheeler  and clearing them all unlock  Yami Yugi .
 
 Deck 
 The player begins with a Deck, titled "Starter Deck". Its contents can be changed and the player may create several more Decks as more cards are unlocked.
 
 
 Starter Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Chamberlain of the Six Samurai 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Great Angus 
 Harpie Girl 
 Queen's Knight  x2 
 Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World 
 Sonic Duck  x2 
 Space Mambo 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Ptera 
 Decoy Dragon 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 Gyroid 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Majestic Mech - Ohka 
 Old Vindictive Magician 
 Swift Birdman Joe 
 Vortex Kong Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Back to Square One 
 Broken Bamboo Sword 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Enemy Controller 
 Hammer Shot 
 Lucky Iron Axe 
 Mind Control 
 Soul Devouring Bamboo Sword 
 Stray Lambs  x2 
 Twister  x2 
 Traps 
 Birthright 
 Chain Detonation 
 Dust Tornado 
 Magic Drain 
 Negate Attack 
 Trap Hole  x2 
 
 Starter Deck - Side Deck Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dimensionhole 
 Messenger of Peace 
 My Body as a Shield 
 Traps 
 Malfunction 
 Reinforcements 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008  characters 
 Player ← WC07 WC09 → 
 Grace 
 Skull Servant 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Elemental Hero Knospe 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Kairyu-Shin 
 Fairy of the Spring 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Master of Oz 
 Curse of Vampire 
 Gigobyte 
 Crystal Seer 
 Ojama Black 
 Amazoness Paladin 
 Green Guardian - Embust 
 Sunlight 
 Kabazuals 
 Warrior Lady of the Wasteland 
 Mech Bass 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 Dark Dust Spirit 
 Gravekeeper's Commandant 
 Don Zaloog 
 Dark Mimic LV1 
 Spirit of the Pharaoh 
 Pyramid Turtle 
 Sand Moth 
 Ojama Green 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Exxod, Master of The Guard 
 Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness 
 Maiden of the Aqua 
 Abyss Soldier 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Otohime 
 Shell Guardian - Savan 
 Civilization 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Great Angus 
 Fox Fire 
 Luster Dragon 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Molten Behemoth 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Inpachi 
 Blazing Inpachi 
 Woodborg Inpachi 
 Blazing Butterfly 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 Spirit of the Six Samurai 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Giga Gagagigo 
 Speed Guardian - Ferrario 
 Darkness 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Mythical Beast Cerberus  &  Darkblaze Dragon 
 Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja  &  Lady Ninja Yae 
 Vanity's Fiend  &  Vanity's Ruler 
 Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World 
 Kahkki, Guerilla of Dark World  &  Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World  &  Sillva, Warlord of Dark World 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World  &  Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Gogiga Gagagigo  &  Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Vampire Lord  &  Vampire Lady 
 Harpie Queen  &  Harpie Girl 
 Metal Shooter  &  Satellite Cannon 
 Lich Lord, King of the Underworld  &  Alien Hypno 
 Alien Shocktrooper  &  Alien Infiltrator 
 Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 UFOroid 
 Dark Mimic LV3 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Dark World Guardian - Gigori  &  Underworld Guardian - Moley 
 Order 
 Absorbing Kid from the Sky 
 Thunder Nyan Nyan 
 Soul of Purity and Light 
 Kaibaman 
 Layard the Liberator 
 Gellenduo 
 Royal Knight 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Senju of the Thousand Hands 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden One 
 Radient Jeral 
 Guardian Angel Joan 
 Marshmallon 
 Airknight Parshath 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 Harvest Angel of Wisdom 
 Meltiel, Sage of the Sky 
 Card Trader 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Alkana Knight Joker 
 The End of Anubis 
 Arcana Force Extra - The Light Ruler 
 White Night Dragon 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Sky Guardian - Sefolile 
 Chaos 
 Destiny Hero - Plasma 
 Elemental Hero Neos Alius 
 Evil Hero Malicious Edge 
 Elemental Hero Chaos Neos 
 Green Gadget 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 CPU Duel 
 Stray Lambs 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Reaper on the Nightmare 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Elemental Mistress Doriado 
 St. Joan 
 Spirit of the Pharaoh 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi 
 Otohime 
 Destiny Hero - Disk Commander 
 Dark Scorpion - Meanae the Thorn 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 Watapon 
 Petit Dragon 
 Curse of Vampire 
 Kaiser Sea Horse 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Aquarian Alessa 
 Il Blud 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Elemental Hero Lady Heat 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Chrysalis Dolphin 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands 
 Airknight Parshath 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress 
 Silpheed 
 Woodborg Inpachi 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Gemini Elf 
 Molten Zombie 
 Sand Moth 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Water Dragon 
 Neo Space Pathfinder 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 Light Effigy 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Sabersaurus 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Vortex Kong 
 Evil Hero Infernal Gainer 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Cyberdark Dragon 
 Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Gladiator Beast Heraklinos 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Dark Zane 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Axel Brodie 
 Adrian Gecko 
 Marcel Bonaparte 
 Professor Thelonious Viper 
 Yubel 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Bakura 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 CPU Tag Duel 
 Marshmallon  &  Spirit Reaper 
 Mataza the Zapper  &  Armed Samurai - Ben Kei 
 Amazoness Tiger  &  Amazoness Chain Master 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch  &  Gogiga Gagagigo 
 Vampire Lord  &  Vampire Lady 
 Harpie Lady 2  &  Harpie Lady 1 
 Blast Sphere  &  Adhesive Explosive 
 Alien Shocktrooper  &  Alien Infiltrator 
 Alien Mars  &  Alien Psychic 
 Different Dimension Dragon  &  Decoy Dragon 
 Perfect Machine King  &  Machine King 
 Sasuke Samurai #2  &  Sasuke Samurai 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World  &  Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Submarineroid  &  Fenrir 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness  &  Lava Golem 
 Jesse Anderson  &  Jaden Yuki 
 Yubel  &  Marcel Bonaparte 
 Chazz Princeton  &  Alexis Rhodes 
 Dark Zane  &  Chancellor Sheppard 
 Jasmine  &  Mindy 
 Tania  &  Bastion Misawa 
 Joey Wheeler  &  Yugi Muto 
 Seto Kaiba  &  Yami Yugi 
 Yami Bakura  &  Yami Marik 
 Ghosts Downloaded 
 Jaden Yuki 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Dark Zane 
 Yami Bakura 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Ojama Green 
 Tania 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Adrian Gecko 
 Marshmallon 
 HJY 
 Angel 
 enyce 
 Recipe Duel 
 Copycat 
 Tutorial 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Duel Puzzles 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Player-F-M-WC08.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110722064241']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 characters