Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Signer_Dragons


 
 Signer Dragon 
 シグナーの龍 「 シグナーのりゅう 」  ( Shigunā no Ryū ) 
 
 
 
 
 Signer Dragon 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 The Duelist Genesis Crossroads of Chaos Duelist Pack: Yusei Crimson Crisis Ancient Prophecy Stardust Overdrive Duelist Pack: Yusei 2 Absolute Powerforce The Shining Darkness Starstrike Blast Duelist Pack: Yusei 3 Duelist Pack: Crow Extreme Victory 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Shonen Jump promotional cards Premium Gold Legendary Collection 5D's Duelist Saga Duel Power Lightning Overdrive Maximum Gold: El Dorado Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave 20th Anniversary Duelist Box Darkwing Blast +1 Bonus Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Signer Dragons  are a  series  of  Level  7 and 8  Dragon   Synchro Monsters  introduced in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . These legendary dragons play a part in the legend of the  Crimson Dragon , as well as being connected to the  Signers  themselves. That connection being that these legendary beasts, who actually joined forces with the Crimson Dragon, were the ones who sealed an evil within the  Nazca Lines .
 That very same evil, now known as the " Earthbound Immortals ", reappeared once again in the world as  Duel Monsters  cards used by the  Dark Signers .
 Every "Signer Dragon" has been featured in the anime and has been released in the  OCG / TCG . They are: " Stardust Dragon ", " Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Black Rose Dragon ", " Ancient Fairy Dragon ", " Black-Winged Dragon ", and " Life Stream Dragon ".
 In the anime,  Professor Fudo  gave the " Stardust Dragon ", " Red Dragon Archfiend " and " Black Rose Dragon " cards to  Rex Goodwin  (he originally planned to give him " Ancient Fairy Dragon " also, but the card was lost before he could pass it on, eventually winding up in the hands of the Dark Signers). These cards were originally designed so that their corresponding Signer could activate the safety switches for the  Ener-D  system.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Variations 
 
 2.1   /Assault Mode 
 2.2   Majestic 
 2.3   Malefic 
 2.4   Cosmic Synchro 
 2.5   Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 2.6   Downgraded 
 2.7   Other variations 
 
 
 3   Duel Dragons 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Luna 
 
 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Leo 
 
 
 Variations 
 Reflecting the rivalry between the two main characters  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas , " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend " were the only "Signer Dragons" to have different upgraded versions throughout the 5D's anime. It is worth noting, however, that " Life Stream Dragon " has its downgraded, armored version, " Power Tool Dragon ", which is a required  Synchro Material  for its Summon.
 
 /Assault Mode 
 " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend " have their own  /Assault Modes : " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " and " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " having 500 more  ATK  and  DEF , two more Levels and an "upgraded" effect of the original monsters. Both of these monsters were Summoned by  Yusei  and  Jack  in a  special episode .
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Majestic 
 The " Majestic " Dragons are upgraded forms of " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend ", Summoned by  Tuning  " Majestic Dragon " with one of the Dragons and one Level 1 non- Tuner monster . They have powerful effects, but return themselves to the  Extra Deck  during the  End Phase  while reviving their previous form from the  Graveyard .
 There are 2 "Majestic" forms; " Majestic Star Dragon " and " Majestic Red Dragon ", which were used in the anime by  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas , respectively.
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Majestic Star Dragon 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Malefic 
 " Stardust Dragon " is the only "Signer Dragon" with a " Malefic " form; " Malefic Stardust Dragon ". This card was used in  The Tenth Anniversary Movie  by  Paradox . It has released in both the  TCG  and the  OCG . It is highly unlikely that " Red Dragon Archfiend " will receive a " Malefic " form due to "Stardust Dragon" being the only monster card that Paradox stole from the 5D's timeframe.
 
 
 
 Monster 
 User
 
 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Paradox 
 
 Cosmic Synchro 
 The " Cosmic Synchro Monsters " are upgraded forms of " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend ". They are not  Synchro Summoned  in the usual method. The opening theme  BELIEVE IN NEXUS  originally confirmed the existence of what was later revealed to be the  Accel Synchro  counterpart/evolution of "Stardust Dragon". Stardust's counterpart (" Shooting Star Dragon ") is the only Accel Synchro evolution of a "Signer Dragon". Although Jack's new ace monster " Red Nova Dragon " ("Red Dragon Archfiend's" counterpart/evolution) is not an Accel Synchro, it uses a method called " Double Tuning " to achieve its evolution and is in the same power range as "Shooting Star". Both monsters were released in  Starstrike Blast . Their  ATK  seems to be their original counterparts'  Majestics  forms' ATK - 500 (Majestic Star Dragon's ATK: 3800 - 500 = 3300 (Shooting Star Dragon's ATK)) (Majestic Red Dragon's ATK: 4000 - 500 = 3500 (Red Nova Dragon's ATK)). Also their  DEF  is equal to the ATK of their original forms. 
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Shooting Star Dragon 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 Cosmic Blazer Dragon 
 
 
 Red Nova Dragon 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 A  Limit Over Accel Synchro Monster  is considered to be the ultimate type of a Synchro Monster. In the anime, summoning a Limit Over Accel Synchro requires the duelist to achieve  Over Top Clear Mind . Reaching this state will cause the duelist, and their Duel Runner to become a shining gold color, implicating the god-like power involved with performing this type of Synchro Summon.
 Limit Over Accel Synchros are Synchro Summoned in a similar way to "Cosmic Synchro Monsters". However, they do not require their corresponding Signer counterpart in their summoning requirements. They use 2 normal Synchro Monsters, plus 1 Tuner Synchro Monster, which is the same to how  Delta Accel Synchro Monsters  are Synchro Summoned.
 " Shooting Quasar Dragon " must be Synchro Summoned, and it cannot be Special Summoned any other ways. However, despite this downfall, it is able to attack once for every  Synchro Material  used to Synchro Summon it, and it can negate one card or effect per turn. It can also call for backup by  Special Summoning  a " Shooting Star Dragon " from the  Extra Deck  if it ever gets removed from the field. In the anime, it was Synchro Summoned using all of the other "Signer Dragons" (the exception being, of course, " Stardust Dragon ") as Synchro Materials, utilizing the effect of " Life Stream Dragon " to reduce their Levels to 1.
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Shooting Quasar Dragon 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 Downgraded 
 " Life Stream Dragon " is the only "Signer Dragon" to have a downgraded form, " Power Tool Dragon ", which is a mechanized/shell form of itself. "Power Tool Dragon" searches for  Equip Spell Cards  and cannot be destroyed when it is equipped with one. This sets up for "Life Stream Dragon" who uses Equip Spells in the  Graveyard  for protection.
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Signer
 
 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo 
 
 Other variations 
 Many years after the end of the 5D's anime series, some new variations of the "Signer Dragons" or their evolutions (mostly Cosmic Synchro) were released in the OCG/TCG. 
 
 
 
 Monster 
 Variant
 
 
 Shooting Riser Dragon 
 Shooting Star Dragon 
 
 
 Red Rising Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 
 
 Red Supernova Dragon 
 Red Nova Dragon 
 
 
 Ruddy Rose Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 
 Duel Dragons 
 Main article:  Duel Dragon 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga , the "Signer Dragons" do not appear. Instead, a similar series known as the  Duel Dragons  is featured. Many of them are slightly redesigned "Signer Dragons", named " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon ", " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend " and " Stardust Spark Dragon ". (Only the  Duel Dragon  counterpart of " Life Stream Dragon " remains unknown, although as " Power Tool Dragon " is stated to be a Duel Dragon in its own right, there may not be one.) 5 of these "Signer Dragons'" counterparts and 1 downgraded "Signer Dragon's" counterpart are currently released in the  TCG/OCG .
 
 Playing style 
 There are various kinds of playing styles for each dragon, especially " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend ". All of the dragons (except " Life Stream Dragon ") have no specific  Summoning conditions , making them easy to  Synchro Summon , so they can be used in almost any  Extra Deck .
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Beast 
 Battle Fader 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Dandylion 
 Kinka-byo 
 Marauding Captain 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Stardust Phantom 
 Stardust Xiaolong 
 Summoner Monk 
 Treeborn Frog 
 The Tricky 
 Tuner monsters 
 Arcane Apprentice 
 Debris Dragon 
 Majestic Dragon 
 Glow-Up Bulb 
 Bri Synchron 
 Junk Synchron 
 Unknown Synchron 
 Plaguespreader Zombie Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Majestic Star Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Accel Synchron 
 Formula Synchron 
 Ultimaya Tzolkin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Trader 
 Foolish Burial 
 One for One 
 Miracle Synchro Fusion 
 Red Dragon Vase 
 Silver Wing 
 Stardust Shimmer 
 Traps 
 Assault Mode Activate 
 Descending Lost Star 
 Stardust Mirage 
 Wicked Rebirth 
 Trivia 
 "Black-Winged Dragon" was the only "Signer Dragon" that did not appear in Luna's dream of the "Signer Dragons" and Crimson Dragon fighting the  King of the Netherworld . 
 Despite the fact that "Stardust Dragon", "Red Dragon Archfiend", "Black Rose Dragon", "Ancient Fairy Dragon" and "Life Stream Dragon" fought against the "Earthbound Immortals" in the past, the Crimson Dragon did not awaken the true forms of "Black-Winged Dragon" or "Life Stream Dragon" in the present when their Signers where fighting against the Dark Signers. 
 It appears that creating new copies of the "Signer Dragons" cannot be done without imperfections - when Paradox stole Yusei's "Stardust Dragon" by absorbing its spirit into a blank card, the resulting copy was a black-bordered card with a mirrored image, something that was not observed in any of the other cards that Paradox copied. The hologram of the monster, however, was unaltered. In contrast, the card copies of "Red Dragon Archfiend" that Lester created were identical to the real card, but the holograms of the monster itself replaced the red coloration with yellow, purple, and teal, a different one for each copy. 
 Coincidently, the "Signer Dragons" that belong to a male Signer are Level 8 while those belonging to a female Signer are Level 7. 
 DARK  is the only  Attribute  to be represented by more than one "Signer Dragon" (in this case, "Red Dragon Archfiend" and "Black-Winged Dragon"), while  DIVINE  and  WATER  are the only Attributes not represented by any of them ("Stardust Dragon" is  WIND , "Black Rose Dragon" is  FIRE , "Ancient Fairy Dragon" is  LIGHT , and "Life Stream Dragon" is  EARTH ). 
   
 Signer Dragon  シグナーの 龍 Members 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon Black Rose Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Life Stream Dragon Red Dragon Archfiend Stardust Dragon 
 Related 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon Black Rose Moonlight Dragon Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon Blue Rose Dragon Bright Star Dragon Converging Wills Dragon Cosmic Blazar Dragon Debris Dragon Duel Link Dragon, the Duel Dragon Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Majestic Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Majestic Star Dragon Malefic Stardust Dragon Power Tool Braver Dragon Power Tool Dragon Power Tool Mecha Dragon Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Red Nova Red Nova Dragon Red Rose Dragon Regulus Ruddy Rose Dragon Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Shooting Majestic Star Dragon Shooting Quasar Dragon Shooting Star Dragon Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode Stardust Phantom Stardust Spark Dragon Stardust Xiaolong Ultimaya Tzolkin 
 Converging Wishes Crimson Fire Double Tool C&D Red Dragon Vase Red Screen Scarlet Security Shooting Star Stardust Flash Stardust Mirage Stardust Wish Starlight Road Thorn of Malice 
 
 v e 
 Signer Dragon  シグナーの 龍 a   Members 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon Black Rose Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Life Stream Dragon Red Dragon Archfiend Stardust Dragon 
 Related 
 Ancient Sunshine Bright Star Dragon Burning Rebirth Converging Wishes Cosmic Blazar Dragon Crimson Fire Double Tool C&D Fairy Breath Majestic Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Majestic Star Dragon Malefic Stardust Dragon Power Tool Dragon Red Cocoon Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Red Dragon Vase Red Nova Red Nova Dragon Red Screen Scarlet Security Shooting Quasar Dragon Shooting Star Shooting Star Dragon Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode Stardust Flash Stardust Mirage Stardust Phantom Stardust Xiaolong Starlight Road Thorn of Malice 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Signer_Dragons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20211018080611']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Synchro Monster(s), Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's