Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_088


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 088 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ラーの翼神竜を召喚せよ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Rā no Yokushinryū wo Shōkanseyo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Summon the Winged God Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 English 
 Awakening of Evil, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 088 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 25, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 27, 2003 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WILD DRIVE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Paradise  楽園" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season Two theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shin Yoshida 
 
 
 Director 
 Hiromichi Matano 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hiromichi Matano 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Katsumi Shimazaki 
 
 
 Art director 
 Mitsuharu Miyamae 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " 
 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 ", known as " Summon the Winged God Dragon of Ra " in the Japanese version, is the eighty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It first aired in Japan on December 25, 2001 and in the United States on September 27, 2003.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Major Events 
 2   Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Odion, Part 3 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Major Events 
 Marik  tells  Odion  that  The Winged Dragon of Ra  in his deck is actually just one of many copies made by the  Rare Hunters . The Rare Hunters could not use them because they had no connection to the ancient scriptures, but Marik believes Odion will be able to. Odion decides he doesn't need to use the card to win. 
 More flashbacks reveal what happened as Odion grew up:
 As a child Odion found out from his adoptive father,  Mr. Ishtar , that the family needed an heir to carry on the legacy of the  Tomb Keepers .  Mrs. Ishtar  suggested Odion, but Mr. Ishtar insisted it could only be their biological child; however, he reluctantly agreed when Mrs. Ishtar stated that it was fate that brought Odion to them. 
 When  Ishizu  was born, Mr. Ishtar was disappointed she was a girl and he wanted to try again for a boy. 
 Mrs. Ishtar suggested to Odion that he become the Tomb Keeper. Odion was pleased about this because he would then truly be part of the Ishtar family. 
 Later on, Marik was born and he replaced Odion as the heir. Mrs. Ishtar died shortly after giving birth. 
 When Marik was a child, he became ill after he was bitten by a cobra. Mr. Ishtar was furious and blamed Odion, but Marik still loved Odion as his brother. 
 Shortly before his Tomb Keeper's initiation, Marik was upset that he would have to live underground his whole life. Odion offered to take Marik's place but Mr. Ishtar refused. 
 After Marik's initiation, where he was tattooed the scriptures, Odion tattooed his own face to prove his loyalty. Odion also noticed a change in Marik's behaviour after that date. 
 Joey announces that he believes Odion isn't really Marik since Odion is dueling fairly while Marik has always been sneaky and manipulative.  Yugi  agrees but  Kaiba  doesn't. 
 Although Odion is about to win, Marik tells him to instead use The Winged Dragon of Ra, as it is his last chance to convince everyone he is the real Marik. 
 Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Odion, Part 3 
 Duel continued from previous episode. 
 Joey has 200  Life Points  remaining and controls " Jinzo " (2400/1500), " Insect Queen " (2400/2400), and " The Legendary Fisherman " (1850/1600) in Defense Position.
 Odion has 400 Life Points remaining and controls " Mystical Beast Serket " (2500/2000) in Attack Position, " Temple of the Kings ", and " Swords of Revealing Light ".
 Turn 21: Joey 
 Joey   draws  " Polymerization ". He then passes his turn. On Joey's End Phase, the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" expires.
 Turn 22: Odion 
Odion draws. " Mystical Beast Serket "  attacks  and  destroys  " Jinzo ". The effect of "Mystical Beast Serket" activates, increasing its  ATK  by half the ATK of the destroyed monster ("Mystical Beast Serket": 2500 → 3700/2000).
 Turn 23: Joey 
Joey draws. He then passes his turn.
 Turn 24: Odion 
Odion draws. "Mystical Beast Serket" attacks and destroys " Insect Queen ". The effect of "Mystical Beast Serket" activates ("Mystical Beast Serket": 3700 → 4900/2000).
 Turn 25: Joey 
Joey draws "Shield & Sword". His hand contains "Polymerization", " Salamandra ", and " Shield & Sword ". Joey then passes his turn.
 Turn 26: Odion 
Odion draws. "Mystical Beast Serket" attacks and destroys " The Legendary Fisherman ". The effect of "Mystical Beast Serket" activates ("Mystical Beast Serket": 4900 → 5825/2000).
 Turn 27: Joey 
Joey draws. He then passes. At this point, Joey tells Odion that he isn't the real Marik as Odion has been playing fairly while Marik himself plays dirty in order to get what he wants.
 Turn 28: Odion 
 Odion  draws. He prepares to use "Mystical Beast Serket" to  attack  directly, but  Marik  mentally tells him to  Summon  " The Winged Dragon of Ra " in order to protect his identity from being exposed. 
 Duel concludes next episode. 
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Cut from the dub is a shot of the  Rare Hunter  falling after being struck by lightning and a column of rock falling on his opponent. 
 In the Japanese version, " Mystical Beast Serket " eats " Jinzo " while some of the characters react in disgust. In the dub, "Jinzo" disappears in a large flash of light while in the Beast's grasp and reactions are not shown.
 In addition to this, "Mystical Beast Serket" eats " Insect Queen " in the Japanese version while in the dub "Insect Queen" disappears in the same flash of light that "Jinzo" disappeared in. "The Legendary Fisherman" is shown disappearing this way as well even though it wasn't shown being eaten in the original. 
 Tristan  about to throw up is cut from the dub. 
 When Marik is bitten by the cobra, the blood on his leg is digitized out in the dub and  Odion 's knife lodging into the cobra is removed. 
 Marik's father  beating up Odion and threatening to kill him is cut from the dub. 
 In the Japanese version, Odion starts to resent Marik and is about to kill him with a knife until Marik calls him "brother". In the English version, Odion simply feels guilty for letting him down. 
 In the Japanese version, Marik is afraid because the scriptures will be painfully carved into his back. In the dub, he is afraid of living as a Tomb Keeper. 
 A close-up of Marik's back with the carvings is cut from the dub. 
 Removed from the dub is Marik's father throwing a candle at Odion and threatening to cut off his tongue. 
 Marik's ritual is removed from the dub which includes these scenes:
 Ishizu  praying for Marik. 
 Marik's father heating the knife blade for the ritual. 
 Shadows on the wall showing Marik's father carving the ritual symbols on Marik's back and Marik shouting in pain. 
 Odion planning his own ritual by holding up his knife. 
 " Obelisk the Tormentor " is added to a shot of  Kaiba  in the dub. 
 Errors 
 In the very beginning, showing all the remaining Life Points and the monsters' Attack and Defense Points, Joey's "Jinzo", although in Defense Position, is shown standing up instead of kneeling, as shown in the previous episode when changed into Defense. 
 In one of the beginning scenes, when the entire gang and duelists are shown far away, Marik's right arm is shown next to his right pant leg without the Millennium Rod. 
 In another beginning scene, when the light circles around Marik, his right arm is holding the Rod behind his back, but then a close-up scene from the back shows Marik holding the Rod behind him with his left arm instead, and without the Duel Disk on this arm. 
 In the flashback, when Marik's dad first takes him as a baby from his mom, his hair is shown to be much more light brown from the back than blond or white, but when Marik is held up in the special room, it is shown white again. 
 One scene of Marik, near the end, shows him with his arms crossed, without the Rod but with the Duel Disk, although it has the possibility of being hidden in his clothes, especially in his huge pants pockets. 
 Near the very end of the episode, after Marik orders Odion to stop his attack on Joey with Serket, Marik's right arm that should hold the Millennium Rod behind his back is once again both seen next to his right leg instead and empty. 
 A slight continuity/editing error in the dub - towards the end of the episode, there is a flashback to episode 75, with a mind-controlled Joey using the Hinotama card on Yami Yugi. The flashback uses the scenes of Yami Yugi being struck the second time around, as well as a shot of him engulfed in flames, both of which were cut from the dub of the original episode, yet are featured in the flashback without edits.
 Also, right when Yami Yugi gets hit by the Hinotama magic card, Yugi's voice is heard instead of Yami Yugi. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Insect Queen 
 Jinzo 
 The Legendary Fisherman Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) [Notes 1] 
 Salamandra [Notes 1] 
 Shield & Sword [Notes 1] 
 
 Odion Ishtar Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Mystical Beast Serket Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Temple of the Kings 
 
 Unknown Rare Hunter Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Kamakiriman  (x2 in the dub) 
 Koumori Dragon  (Japanese only) 
 Mechanicalchaser  (Japanese only) 
 Megasonic Eye  (Japanese only) 
 Shining Abyss  (Japanese only) 
 Summoned Skull  x2 (dub only) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Effect Monsters 
 Boar Soldier 
 Dark Zebra 
 Kazejin  x2 (dub only) 
 Maha Vailo  (Japanese Only) Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Curse of Fiend 
 Metamorphosis 
 Return of the Doomed 
 The Dark Door  (Japanese only) 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Embodiment of Apophis  x2 (dub only) 
 Skull Invitation  (Japanese only) 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Fortress Whale Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Hinotama 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in Joey's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " #051 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " #052 " The Past is Present " #053 " Steppin' Out " #054 " Obelisk the Tormentor " #055 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " #056 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 1 " #057 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " #058 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " #059 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " #060 " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " #061 " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " #062 " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " #063 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 1 " #064 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 2 " #065 " Mime Control, Part 1 " #066 " Mime Control, Part 2 " #067 " Mime Control, Part 3 " #068 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 1 " #069 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 2 " #070 " Double Duel, Part 1 " #071 " Double Duel, Part 2 " #072 " Double Duel, Part 3 " #073 " Double Duel, Part 4 " #074 " The Rescue " #075 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " #076 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 2 " #077 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 3 " #078 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 4 " #079 " Shadow of a Duel " #080 " Lights, Camera, Duel " #081 " Let the Finals Begin! " #082 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " #083 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " #084 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " #085 " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " #086 " Awakening of Evil, Part 1 " #087 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " #088 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " #089 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " #090 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 1 " #091 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 2 " #092 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 3 " #093 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " #094 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " #095 " The Tomb-Keeper's Secret " #096 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " #097 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Yugioh088.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140521231106']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes