Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Luna_(Duel_Links)


 
 Luna 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Luna 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 龍可 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Leo  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Luna Deck Fairy's Teardrop Fairy's Gift Holy Unicorn Ancient Fairy Tales 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuka Terasaki 
 
 
 
 Luna  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Luna , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 She appears in-game after the player claims her Character Unlock Mission reward by winning 100 duels with  Leo  in 5D's World.
 Green  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Luna at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 
 3.3.1   Stardust Cup 
 
 
 3.4   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 3.4.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 3.5   Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 
 3.5.1   Level 30 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Leo's twin sister is also one of the Signers. Completely opposite to Leo, Luna is gentle, polite and mature for her age. She has the ability to hear the voices of Duel Monsters spirits, so she builds her Fairy Deck using those same monsters. Her ace monster is not only a Signer Dragon, but also her friend: " Ancient Fairy Dragon ".
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Luna Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Doriado  x3 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Petit Angel  x3 
 Tenderness  x3 
 Shining Friendship  x3 
 Spirit of the Winds 
 Waterdragon Fairy  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Fairy's Teardrop Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Key Mace  x3 
 Petit Angel  x3 
 Water Element  x3 
 Waterdragon Fairy  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Potan  x2 
 White Potan  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Level 20 
 
 Fairy's Gift Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Elf  x3 
 Fairy's Gift  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Potan  x2 
 Fairy Archer  x3 
 Watapon 
 White Potan  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Sunny Pixie Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts  x2 
 Silver Bow and Arrow  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Holy Unicorn Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fairy Archer  x2 
 Fairy King Truesdale 
 Kuribon 
 Regulus  x3 
 Sunlight Unicorn  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Counselor Lily  x2 
 Nettles  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Forest  x2 
 Horn of the Unicorn 
 Traps 
 Fairy Wind 
 Level 40 
 
 Ancient Fairy Tales Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Jerry Beans Man  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Bird of Roses  x2 
 Kuribon 
 Regulus  x2 
 Sunlight Unicorn  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Counselor Lily  x2 
 Nettles  x2 
 Spore Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest  x2 
 Horn of the Unicorn  x2 
 
 
 Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 Stardust Cup 
 
 Magic and Might Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armored White Bear  x3 
 Bird of Roses  x3 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Tuner monsters 
 Nettles  x2 
 Spore 
 Sunny Pixie Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon Spells  (7) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Horn of the Unicorn  x2 
 Smashing Ground 
 Sorcerous Spell Wall  x2 
 Spiritual Forest 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Pixie Ring 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Special Cup 
Skill: "Ancient Fairy Rescue" (If your Life Points are at 3000 or below, add 1 "Forest" to your hand from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. Then, play 1 "Ancient Pixie Dragon" in Defense Position from outside of your Deck. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 Ancient Forest Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armored White Bear  x3 
 Kuribon 
 Regulus 
 Sunlight Unicorn  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Naturia Butterfly  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Moon Mirror Shield  x2 
 Swords of Revealing Light  x2 
 Sorcerous Spell Wall  x2 
 Spiritual Forest  x2 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Pixie Ring 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Level 30 
 
 Holy Unicorn (Incomplete, In Progress). Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dancing Fairy  x2 
 Kuribon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Horn of Light 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Luna reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Sunny Pixie "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Luna)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Elf "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Luna)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Sunny Pixie "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Spirit of the Breeze "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Level Reduction ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Elf "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Spirit of the Breeze "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Sunny Pixie "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Field Exchange ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Elf "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Sunlight Unicorn "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Spirit of the Breeze "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Luna)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Regulus "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Bearblocker "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Counselor Lily "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Luna, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Regulus "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Elemental Grace Doriado "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Sunlight Unicorn "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Wattfox "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cupid Volley "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Nettles "
 
 
 R 
 
 " White Potan "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Black Potan "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fairy's Gift "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Water Element "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Hand
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Spore " to your deck. Then, add 1 " Ancient Fairy Dragon " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Field Exchange
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Return up to 2 cards, including at least 1 Field Spell Card, from your hand to the bottom of your Deck. Then, draw the same number of cards as you returned. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Field Restock
 
 Can be used if you have 3 or more Field Spell Cards in your Graveyard. Randomly add 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard to your hand, and return all other Field Spell Cards in your Graveyard to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Akiza Izinski 
 When starting a Duel with  Akiza Izinski , Luna announces "Akiza, can you teach me some new techniques to baffle Leo?"
 When she wins the Duel, Leo says "Hooray! I finally defeated Akiza!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Leo says "That's why you're the best student at the Academy, Akiza." followed by "I have a lot to work on if I want to reach your level." 
 Leo 
 When starting a Duel with  Leo , Luna announces "Leo, you actually have some cool moves to show me?"
 When she wins the Duel, Leo says "Sheesh, you need to try harder. Or you'll never be #1!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Leo says "Leo, you've changed. You're more...mature." followed by "Like you're an ACTUAL big brother!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Luna Summons " Ancient Fairy Dragon , she chants  "The magic that lives in each creature merge and become one!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Luna briefly appears, and she announces "The mighty, the majestic... Ancient Fairy Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Ancient Fairy Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ancient Fairy Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon! Attack!" followed by "Eternal Sunshine!" 
 When Luna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 4 or lower monster from my hand!" 
 When Luna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Plain Back!" 
 When Luna Summons " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", she chants  "The spirit of the ancient forest takes solid form!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Luna briefly appears, and she announces "Ancient Pixie Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Ancient Pixie Dragon!" followed by "Fairy Tale Whip!" 
 When Luna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Ancient Pixie Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "When a Field Spell activates on my turn, I draw a card!" 
 When Luna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Since there's a Field in play, go Ancient Pixie Dragon!" followed by "Destroy a monster in face up attack position!" then followed by "Spirit Burial!" 
 When Luna Summons " Dark Sage ", a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "I Special Summon Dark Sage!" followed by "Whoa! You said you were old, but I didn't think THAT old!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dark Sage! Attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Dark Sage's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Kuribon ", a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "I need you, Kuribon!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Kuribon! Attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Kuribon! Use your effect!" 
 When Luna Summons " Power Tool Dragon ", she chants  "Machine and might combine to bring peace to the world!" followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "I know you can win, Power Tool Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Power Tool Dragon!" followed by "Crafty Break!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Power Tool Dragon adds an Equip Spell to my hand!" followed by "Power Search!" 
 When Luna Summons " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ", she chants  "If you want to feel the steel, be my guest!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Power Tool Mecha Dragon!" followed by "Full Metal Demolition!" 
 When Luna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon's drawing effect activates!" followed by "Equip Bonus!" 
 When Luna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Equip Grappling!" 
 When Luna Summons " Regulus ", a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Lend me your strength, Regulus!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Regulus! Pounce!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Regulus's effect activates!" followed by "I return a Field Spell in my Graveyard to my deck!" 
 When Luna Summons " Sunlight Unicorn ", a cut-in frame of Luna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Sunlight Unicorn! Appear!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "My Sunlight Unicorn attacks!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Sunlight Unicorn's effect activates!" followed by "If my deck's top card is an Equip Spell, I get to have it!" 
 When Luna Summons " Ancient Elf ", she announces "Here comes Ancient Elf!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Ancient Elf attacks!" 
 When Luna Summons " Ancient Sacred Wyvern ", she announces "Awaken! Ancient Sacred Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Ancient Sacred Wyvern! Attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Ancient Sacred Wyvern's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Armored White Bear ", she announces "Armored White Bear!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Armored White Bear, charge!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Armored White Bear's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Bird of Roses ", she announces "Fly, Bird of Roses!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Bird of Roses attacks!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Bird of Roses activates its effect!" 
 When Luna Summons " Dancing Fairy ", she announces "Let's fight together, Dancing Fairy!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dancing Fairy, dance all over 'em!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dancing Fairy's effect activates!" followed by "1000 Life Points are coming back to me!" 
 When Luna Summons " Dreamsprite ", she announces "Dreamsprite!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, my Dreamsprite!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dreamsprite's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy Archer ", she announces "Please aid me, Fairy Archer!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fairy Archer! Fire!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fairy Archer's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy King Truesdale ", she announces "Fairy King Truesdale arrives to protect my spirits!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fairy King Truesdale attacks!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy Tail - Rella ", she announces "Fairy Tail - Rella!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Fairy Tail - Rella!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fairy Tail - Rella's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy's Gift ", she announces "Fairy's Gift!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fairy's Gift attacks!" followed by "Enchanted Dust!" 
 When Luna Summons " Jerry Beans Man ", she announces "I know you'll fight for me, Jerry Beans Man!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Slash 'em with your sword, Jerry Beans Man!" 
 When Luna Summons " Key Mace ", she announces "It's okay. Come on out, Key Mace!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Key Mace attacks!" 
 When Luna Summons " Nettles ", she announces "The Tuner Monster, Nettles!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Nettles! Attack!" 
 When Luna Summons " Petit Angel ", she announces "Join me, Petit Angel!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Petit Angel!" 
 When Luna Summons " Spore ", she announces "The Tuner Monster, Spore!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Spore! Attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Spore's effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 When Luna Summons " Spirit of the Breeze ", she announces "Come to me! Spirit of the Breeze!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Spirit of the Breeze attacks!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Here's Spirit of the Breeze's effect!" followed by "I regain 1000 Life Points!" 
 When Luna Summons " Spirit of the Fall Wind ", she announces "Spirit of the Fall Wind, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Spirit of the Fall Wind, attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Spirit of the Fall Wind activates her effect!" 
 When Luna Summons " Sunny Pixie ", she announces "The Tuner Monster, Sunny Pixie!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Sunny Pixie!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Sunny Pixie uses her effect!" followed by "I gain 1000 Life Points!" 
 When Luna Summons " Watapon ", she announces "Come on, Watapon!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Watapon! Attack!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "If an effect adds Watapon to my hand, I can summon it!" 
 When Luna Summons " Woodland Sprite ", she announces "Come on out, Woodland Sprite!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, my Woodland Sprite!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Woodland Sprite uses its effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Luna activates " Ancient Forest ", she announces "I activate the Field Spell, Ancient Forest!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Luna announces “Ancient Forest’s effect! Monsters aren’t allowed to fight amongst these trees.” 
 When Luna activates " Ancient Leaf ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Leaf!" followed by "By paying 2000 Life Points, I draw two cards from my deck!" 
 When Luna activates " Double Ripple ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Double Ripple!" followed by "Help me, Ancient Fairy Dragon and Power Tool Dragon!" 
 When Luna activates " Central Shield ", she announces "Leo is always with me, along with his shield!" followed by "The Equip Spell, Central Shield!" 
 When Luna activates " Emergency Assistance ", she announces "I'll activate the Spell Card, Emergency Assistance!" 
 When Luna activates " Fairy of the Spring ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Fairy of the Spring!" 
 When Luna activates " Fairy Wind ", she announces "I flip over my Trap Card, Fairy Wind!" 
 When Luna activates " Horn of the Unicorn ", she announces "I equip the Equip Spell, Horn of the Unicorn!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Luna announces "Horn of the Unicorn returns to the top of my deck." 
 When Luna activates " Pain to Power ", she announces "I equip the Equip Spell, Pain to Power!" followed by "I'll change these stings into strength!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Luna announces "Pain to Power's effect activates!" 
 When Luna activates " Pixie Ring ", she announces "I reveal my Continuous Trap! Pixie Ring!" 
 When Luna activates " Rain of Mercy ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Rain of Mercy!" followed by "We both regain 1000 Life Points!" 
 When Luna activates " Smashing Ground ", she announces "Here's Smashing Ground!" 
 When Luna activates " Solemn Wishes ", she announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Solemn Wishes!" 
 When Luna activates " Swords of Revealing Light ", she announces ""I activate my Spell Card, Swords of Revealing Light!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in-game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy Tail - Luna ", she announces "Fairy Tail - Luna!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Fairy Tail - Luna!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fairy Tail - Luna's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy Tail - Sleeper ", she announces "Fairy Tail - Sleeper!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Fairy Tail - Sleeper!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fairy Tail - Sleeper's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Fairy Tail - Snow ", she announces "Fairy Tail - Snow!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Fairy Tail - Snow!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fairy Tail - Snow's effect activates!" 
 When Luna Summons " Mystical Fairy Elfuria ", she announces "Mystical Fairy Elfuria!"
 Most of the time when Luna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "My Mystical Fairy Elfuria attacks!" 
 When Luna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Mystical Fairy Elfuria's effect!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Luna activates " Gift Card ", she announces "I flip over my Trap Card, Gift Card!" followed by "You regain 3000 Life Points!" 
 When Luna activates " Limiter Removal ", she announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal!" 
 When Luna activates " Present Card ", she announces "I activate my Trap, Present Card!" followed by "You discard your entire hand, and draw 5 new cards!" 
 Trivia 
 Two references of the  Card of the week   segment from the Dark Signers arc can be found in the Japanese voice clips of the twins.
 One is from the title screen of the app. The speech translates to-
 Both twins: "What will it be, What will it be? This is today's app!" 
 Leo : "Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links!" 
 Luna: "Let's try our best today too!" 
 Another is in one of their taunts (Voice Clips that can be chosen by the player by tapping on the icon of their character during a duel). 
 Although the Card of the Week is absent from the dub, the English localization of Duel Links translate both references. The former is said as
 Both twins: "Which app will I play today? This one!" 
 Leo: "Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links! Yeah!" 
 Luna: "Let's win again today!", while the latter is said as "What will today's card be? This one!" 
 The inclusion of " Ancient Pixie Dragon " and " Power Tool Mecha Dragon " as card-specfic dialogue comes from Luna use of those cards, via possessing Leo's body, in the  D1 Grand Prix  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga 
 The inclusion of " Dark Sage " as card-specific dialogue references  Torunka , whose true form was "Dark Sage", in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  series. 
 Luna has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas , and  Crow Hogan .
 Starting the Duel: "I'm Team 5D's too! I'll prove I can hold my own!" 
 Winning: "These techniques weren't my own." followed by "I learned them from you! And from all my friends!" 
 Losing: "I'm not worried. With your help, I can get stronger!" 
 Luna has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: "I'll never forgive you!" followed by "For hurting the spirits and the one I love!" 
 Winning: "I didn't win on my own." followed by "I won because Leo and my friends have my back!" 
 Losing: "I promised Ancient Fairy Dragon." followed by "That I would protect both our worlds...But I failed..."
 Luna's dialogue when Dueling the  Dark Signers  references her Duel against  Devack . 
 Luna has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Primo ,  Aporia  or  Paradox .
 Starting: "I'll fight alongside Leo! And my friends!" 
 Winning: "I won't lose! Not when my hero's looking after me!" 
 Losing: "No... No..." 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Axel Brodie,  Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan,  Akiza Izinski , Leo, Luna,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Antinomy ,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Jaden Yuki , Jesse Anderson,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Yubel ,  Syrus Truesdale , Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, Luna, Antinomy,  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and Carly Carmine have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and  Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor , Bandit Keith, and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton,  Syrus Truesdale,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 There are some Signers who share similar, if not identical dialogue for some of the  Signer Dragons :
 Yusei Fudo, Akiza Izinski -  Stardust Dragon 
 Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudo -  Black-Winged Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski, Yusei Fudo -  Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, Luna, Yusei Fudo -  Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Life Stream Dragon 
 Luna, Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 The inclusion of "Power Tool Dragon" as card-specific dialogue references Luna taking Leo's place in the Duel against Devack. 
 v e 
 Luna  (Luca / Ruka) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/Luna-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/273?cb=20181030065759', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Profile-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925171226', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Icon-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925170702', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Icon-DULI-Luna2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925195835', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Chibi-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231165331', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/CutIn-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925172334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/Summoning-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925171713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Defeat-DULI-Luna.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925165352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Luna pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters