Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/BAM_Machine

Contents 
 
 1   1. Power-Ups 
 2   After you hit BAM 
 3   2. Round Start 
 
 3.1   2.1 Positive effects applicable to several cards 
 3.2   2.2 Negative effects applicable to several cards 
 3.3   2.3 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards in the Graveyard 
 3.4   2.4 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards in the Deck 
 3.5   2.5 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards on the field 
 3.6   2.6 Before the End of Round Start 
 
 
 4   3. Channels 
 
 4.1   3.1 Effects that destroy Spells 
 4.2   3.2 Effects when a card is activated 
 4.3   3.3 Monsters collide 
 4.4   3.4 Monster(s) removed 
 4.5   3.5 Monster attacks Player (Life Points reduced) 
 4.6   3.6 Effects to cards that have been damaged 
 
 
 5   4. Round End 
 
 5.1   4.1 Positive Round End effects 
 5.2   4.2 Negative Round End effects 
 5.3   4.3 Round End effects that relate to the number of cards on the field 
 
 
 6   Trigger Effects 
 7   References 
 
 
 
 When the "BAM" button is hit during a duel, the order of  priority  in which effects occur is shown below.
 If a  Duel Stars Challenge  is attempted, those rules will apply before the Power-Ups activate.
 
 1. Power-Ups 
 Order: In the order decided by the Player. 
 All  Power-Ups 
 After you hit BAM 
 Special:  Photon Sabre Tiger ,  Photon Thrasher . 
 2. Round Start 
 Special:  Hero Blast ,  Alien Dog  (Immune),  Atlantean Dragoons . 
 2.1 Positive effects applicable to several cards 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Immune All, Boost All, [ATTRIBUTE] Boost All, [TYPE] Boost All. 
 Special:  Stim-Pack ,  Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ,  Umiiruka ,  Crystal Tree ,  Star Light, Star Bright ,  The Nordic Lights ,  Shining Angel ,  Anti-Spell ,  Felgrand Dragon ,  Evil Blast  (Boost All),  Moulinglacia the Elemental Lord ,  Call of the Atlanteans ,  Chaos Infinity ,  Elemental HERO Prisma ,  Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World ,  Gateway to Dark World ,  Endymion, the Master Magician  (Resurrect),  Reptilianne Spawn ,  Hieratic Seal of Supremacy ,  Chaos Command Magician  (Boost All),  Darklord Asmodeus . 
 2.2 Negative effects applicable to several cards 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Cripple All, [TYPE] Cripple All. 
 Special:  Dark Hole ,  Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ,  Germ Infection ,  Umiiruka ,  Shining Angel ,  Evil Blast  (Cripple All),  Evilswarm Mandragora ,  Photon Slasher ,  Photon Veil . 
 2.3 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards in the Graveyard 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: First Strike. 
 2.4 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards in the Deck 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Last Stand. 
 2.5 Round Start effects that relate to the number of cards on the field 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Courage, Timidity. 
 Special:  Just Desserts ,  Curse of Darkness ,  Magic Jammer ,  Jinzo - Lord  (Immune),  Souleater ,  Elemental HERO Woodsman ,  Endymion, the Master Magician  (Annihilate),  Chaos Command Magician  (Immune, Hurt). 
 2.6 Before the End of Round Start 
 Special:  Toy Magician ,  Pyrorex the Elemental Lord . 
 
 Normal Spell Cards  which have used all their effects are now sent to the Graveyard, except for the ones with a Special effect. Monsters with 0 Power are also now sent to the Graveyard.
 
 3. Channels 
 Effect types: Resurrect 
 Special:  Zombie Master 
 3.1 Effects that destroy Spells 
 Order: Your Monsters, opponent's Monsters, your Spells, opponent's Spells. 
 Effect types: Annihilate Spells, Destroy Spell, Sacrifice Spell, Sacrifice All Spells. 
 Special:  Release from Stone ,  Advanced Dark ,  Infestation Terminus 
 3.2 Effects when a card is activated 
 Order: Your Spells, opponent's Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Sacrifice Monster, Sacrifice All Monsters, Sacrifice [TYPE], Annihilate Monsters, Annihilate [TYPE], Sneak, Destroy Monster, Immune, Immune All [Type], Heal, Heal Opponent, Soothe, Hurt Opponent, Backfire, Shock, Osmosis, Boost, Cripple. 
 Special:  Mirror Force ,  Fake Trap ,  Dark Bat ,  Vampire Lord ,  Wattcancel ,  Wattaildragon ,  Alien Hunter ,  Combination Attack ,  United We Stand ,  Field Barrier ,  Evil Blast  (Annihilate Monsters),  Alien Dog  (Destroy),  Spiritualism ,  Ancient Leaf ,  Hieratic Seal From the Ashes ,  Hieratic Seal of the Sun Dragon Overlord ,  Kuriphoton ,  Photon Current ,  Photon Trident ,  Photon Wyvern . 
 3.3 Monsters collide 
 3.4 Monster(s) removed 
 3.5 Monster attacks Player (Life Points reduced) 
 3.6 Effects to cards that have been damaged 
 Order: Your Monsters, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Fragile. 
 
 Normal Spell Cards  which have used all their effects are now sent to the Graveyard, except for the ones with a Special effect. Monsters with 0 Power are also now sent to the Graveyard. Loop from the start of "3. Channels" for each Channel.
 
 4. Round End 
 4.1 Positive Round End effects 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect Types: Growth 
 Special:  Horn of Heaven ,  Ultimate Offering ,  Dark World Grimoire . 
 4.2 Negative Round End effects 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Effect types: Self-Destruct, Feeble, Feeble All. 
 Special:  Tribute to The Doomed ,  Reinforcements ,  Stim-Pack ,  Lunar Queen Elzaim ,  Ultimate Offering . 
 4.3 Round End effects that relate to the number of cards on the field 
 Order: Your Spells, your Monsters, opponent's Spells, opponent's Monsters. 
 Special:  Royal Decree ,  Exxod, Master of The Guard . 
 
 Normal Spell Cards  which have used at least one of their effects are now sent to the Graveyard, including the ones with a Special effect. Monsters with 0 Power are also now sent to the Graveyard.
 
 Trigger Effects 
 These effects are triggered at any time during a Round. 
 Effect types: Shared Fate, Farewell, Sorrow, Parting Gift, Mirror, Rage, Drain, Empathy, Power Redistribution, Requiem, Break Immunity, Spirit Protection, Bloodlust, Acid Jet, Explosion, Big Explosion. 
 Special:  Call of Darkness ,  Robbin' Goblin ,  Magical Thorn ,  Castle Walls ,  Dark Room of Nightmare ,  Rainbow Life ,  A Cat of Ill Omen ,  Burning Skull Head ,  Call of the Haunted ,  Wandering Mummy ,  Umi ,  Ceremonial Bell ,  Berserk Dragon ,  Berserk Dragon ,  Reaper of the Cards ,  Armed Ninja ,  Big Burn ,  Felgrand Dragon ,  Alien Telepath ,  Grandsoil the Elemental Lord ,  Dragunity Partisan ,  Dragunity Primus Pilus ,  Naturia Bamboo Shoot ,  Leodrake's Mane ,  Megarock Dragon ,  Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ,  Magic Drain ,  Emissary of the Afterlife ,  Return Zombie ,  Sillva, Warlord of Dark World ,  Hero Counterattack ,  HERO's Bond ,  Gearfried the Swordmaster ,  Spellbook of the Master ,  Light-Imprisoning Mirror ,  Reptilianne Poison ,  Reptilianne Rage ,  Hieratic Seal of Reflection ,  Dark Magician of Chaos ,  Darklord Desire ,  Darklord Edeh Arae ,  Photon Crusher ,  Photon Caesar ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms . 
 References 
 The new and improved BAM-Machine . Konami. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Gameplay 
 Rules 
 BAM Machine 
 Level 
 Arena 
 BAMgo 
 Booster Battle 
 Objectives 
 Storyline Rewards 
 Duel Stars Challenge 
 Items 
 Cards 
 Card List 
 Errata 
 Image Gallery 
 Series 1 
 Series 2 
 Side Series 
 Common 
 Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 BAM Legend 
 Crafting 
 Friendship Card 
 Currency 
 Coins 
 Card Pieces 
 Duel Points 
 Energy 
 Other 
 Power-Ups 
 
 Booster Packs 
 Series 1 
 A Newcomer in Alba Litora 
 Dark Destruction 
 Legend of the Dragon 
 Sky Storm 
 Psychic Time Warp 
 Alba Litora's Elite 
 Series 2 
 Tropica City Dark Forces 
 Obscure Devastation 
 Root of Evil 
 Wings of Destiny 
 Immemorial Cataclysm 
 Live Duels 
 Blazing Wind 
 Test Packs 
 Legendary Pack 
 Novice Pack 
 Time-Limited Packs 
 Holiday Collection 
 BAM Legend All-Stars 
 
 Starter Decks 
 Series 1 
 Bestial Fury 
 Cyber Assault 
 Insect Swarm 
 Enchanted Fairies 
 Nightmarish Fiends 
 Zombie Horde 
 Dragon Master 
 Series 2 
 Gusto Tempest 
 Arena Deck 
 Competitive Arena Deck #1 
 Time-Limited Theme Deck 
 Eternal Zombies Deck 
 Hieratic Dragons Deck 
 Blackwing Deck 
 Photon Deck 
 Community Deck 
 Laval Deck 
 Lightray & Lightsworn Deck 
 The Fabled Deck 
 Naturia Bugs Deck 
 Shark Deck 
 Dinosaurs Deck 
 Psychic Deck 
 
 Maps 
 Alba Litora 
 Tropica City 
 Miscellaneous 
 Characters 
 Music 
 Story Transcript 
 2012 Events 
 2013 Events 
 2014 Events 
 
 
 
 
Categories: