Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:VellianCrowlerDT.jpg

For other version of this character, see  Vellian Crowler (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Cronos de Medici 
 
 
 Other   
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Temporary Principal Chronos [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 クロノス・デ・メディチ 
 
 
 Arabic   
 فيليان كراولر 
 
 
 French   
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 35 (Season 1) [2] 36 (Season 2) 37 (Seasons 3-4) 
 
 
 Height 
 200 cm [3] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professor 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Did not place     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Medieval Shadow Deck (暗黒の中世デッキ  Ankoku no Chūsei Dekki ) [4] [5] [2] 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 
 Skill Leader (Beg) Skill Leader (Int) Skill Leader (Adv) Future Chancellor Medieval Murk Tic-toc Gears 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Ancient Strategies Ancient Intelligence Watch and Learn Excellent Gadget 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 1: " A New Hero!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 1: " The Next King of Games " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Sean Schemmel 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Hiroshi Shimizu 
 
 
 German  
 Santiago Ziesmer 
 
 
 Italian  
 Giorgio Bonino 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Armando Tiraboschi (Brazil) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Roni Abario 
 
 
 
 Vellian Crowler , known in Japan as  Cronos de Medici ; sometimes spelled  Chronos de Medici , is the head professor and department chair of techniques at  Duel Academy . Initially scheming and underhanded in attempting to expel  Jaden Yuki , Crowler grows throughout the series to appreciate all his students and in turn be respected for his noble actions. He was the main antagonist of the first half of the first season before the  Shadow Riders  debuted.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Voice and mannerisms 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Crowler's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in full regalia from front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Crowler's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of the a more regal variation on the standard  Obelisk Blue  uniform, complete with gold trimmings and ruffled pink collar, shoulders, upper chest, and sleeves. His blonde hair is sectioned in two layers, with the layer furthest from his face tightly-bound in a ponytail, and he also wears crescent-shaped earrings. He carries an Academy-issued  Duel Disk  known as a "Duel vest," worn horizontally across his torso, which has a motion sensor that automatically ejects cards from his  Deck  when he is ready to  draw .
 
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the dub, Crowler has a vague British accent, though he still has an appreciation for Italian culture. His original counterpart speaks with a thick, almost stereotypical Italian accent, often yelling such phrases as "Mamma mia!", "Buongiorno," (even once saying "Parmesan cheese" ), adressing other people with "Signore" (male) or "Signora" (female) and ending the majority of his sentences with "(na) no ne" ("is it not so?").  He uses the personal pronoun " watakushi ".
 He has the tendency to talk out loud to himself while walking.
 Crowler's clothing and hair have led many to call him "Miss" in the dub (though Jaden first thought Crowler was some kind of "academy mascot" when they first met, annoying Crowler as Jaden laughed). Whenever someone tries to figure out Crowler's gender, he gets angry and prefers to be called "Doctor," claiming to have a "Ph.D in dueling". He dislikes  Lyman Banner 's cat,  Pharaoh , as he hates cats. He is much more respected by his students (including Jaden) in the Japanese version.
 He calls  Slifer students , Jaden in particular, "Slifer Slackers" in the dub, while in the original, Cronos calls Osiris students "Dropout boys". Despite this he is capable of being a fair person which is shown when he passes Chumley for excellent dueling even though he lost. Even though he often claims he doesn't really care about his students that much, he has had his genuine caring moments towards them, even Jaden. This particularly shows in his speech he gives to his students before he loses his soul to  Camula  and when he has a rematch with Jaden where he admits he doesn't want to see his students go.
 
 Etymology 
 His name in the Japanese version is derived from the names of  Chronos , the personification of time in Greek mythology, and the  Medici family , an Italian noble family who ruled Florence and Tuscany during the Renaissance period.
 
 Biography 
 Vellian Crowler is a professor of the  Obelisk Blue  dormitory at  Duel Academy . His main goal in the first year is to force low-performing students out of the school. When Jaden first arrived at the academy he was hesitant to allow Jaden to take his exam, but a phone call from his superior,  Chancellor Sheppard  changed his mind. Crowler dueled Jaden himself, and disregarded the rule that he is to use an exam Deck, instead using his personal Deck.  After  Jaden Yuki  defeats him in their  Duel , he tries as hard as he can to get Jaden kicked out of the Duel Academy, but fails miserably. Notable schemes include  making   Chazz Princeton  Duel Jaden with "unbeatable combos," and  placing  a fake love letter in  Syrus Truesdale 's locker (which he mistook for Jaden's) to catch him peeping in the girl's bathing facility. Other schemes include Crowler  hiring  a hit-man named  Titan  to frighten Jaden and his friends out of Duel Academy,  hiring  the  Paradox Brothers  to Duel Jaden and Syrus in a tag-team Duel in hopes they will be defeated and get expelled, having Jaden  go out  after hours to Duel against the " Duel Giant " (knowing Jaden can be expelled if he's caught),  having   Bastion Misawa  Duel Jaden to make sure he does not become the rep at the school duel and  getting   Belowski  to Duel Jaden to convince him to run out. After Jaden beats Chazz in the school duel against  North Academy  and seeing him defending Chazz from his brothers, Crowler starts to think that Jaden isn't all that bad and gives up trying to expel him (although before he did say that  Slade Princeton  and  Jagger Princeton  could be useful to mess up Jaden). 
 
         Crowler's soul sealed in  Camula 's doll     
 Crowler is chosen as one of the seven people that guard the  Spirit Keys  from the  Shadow Riders  in an attempt to prevent the resurrection of the  Sacred Beasts . He sleeps when Nightshroud/Atticus Rhodes attacks, but Duels the second of the Shadow Riders,  Camula  the next night. However, he is ultimately defeated and turned in to a doll. He and  Zane Truesdale  are restored when Jaden defeats Camula and later watches Jaden duel  Tania  commenting that if he loses will have to marry Taina. Jaden wins in the end. Later when  Alexis Rhodes  disappears he and Zane tries to see if  Atticus Rhodes  knows anything about it. Atticus tells the group that Titan took her causing Crowler to feel worried as he never paid Titan for his attempt to scare off Jaden, and believe he's come back collect his money. However, he learns that Titan didn't come back due to his check, but rather to send Alexis t the shadows. Alexis defeats Titan and Atticus tells them that Banner made him go to the abandoned dorm. During  Duel Monsters Spirit Day , he gets to meet the  Dark Magican Girl  during her duel with Jaden as part of the event. The next night,  Pierre the Gambler  arrives at the island and asks to duel Alexis. However, Crowler believes he is not worthy and turns down his offer. Pierre ended up taking out the Duel Academy security team that Chancellor Sheppard summoned until Alexis arrives agreeing to the Duel. After Alexis wins, Pierre ends up leaving the island. When Banner goes missing, he takes over his class and tries to teach alchemy though he ends up having terrible results. When Chazz steals all the Sprit keys, they awaken  Kagemaru  the leader of the Shadow Riders. Crowler immediately believes this to be Jaden's fault, but Jaden corrects him saying it was Chazz who stole the keys.  Jaden beats him and life returns to normal.  At the end of the first year, he Duels  Chumley Huffington , with him agreeing to offer his recommendation to  Industrial Illusions  should Chumley defeat him. Though Crowler wins the Duel, he allows Chumley to pursue his dream of becoming a card designer due to his vast improvement in practical Dueling. Later he watches Zane and Jaden's graduation duel which ends in a tie causing him to gain new respect for Jaden.
 During the second year, while Sheppard is away, Crowler takes over his position at Duel Academy alongside Vice-Chancellor  Jean-Louis Bonaparte . He and Bonaparte rush to meet  Aster Phoenix , but they became curious why Aster has chosen to enroll, as he already Duels  professionally . He and Bonaparte then meet  Tyranno Hassleberry . Hassleberry complains why he has not been accepted into Oblisk blue. Crowler and Bonaparte tell him it is because he was not in a prep school. For much of the season, the two devise schemes to market  Duel Academy , but often argue over what methods should be employed to do so. They have tried methods such as making Chazz a star by beating  Reginald Van Howell III , having Syrus duel  Missy  to get into the pros, and even tried to have Alexis as a pop star which she declines after beating Atticus in a Duel. When  Sartorius  arrives to the island, Crowler and Bonaparte rush outside to meet him. They admit that they are big fans of Sartorius and want to show him around the island. But Sartorius tells them he wants to look for new talent alone and leaves them be. Bonaparte resorts commonly to attacks, physical or otherwise, on  Slifer Red , which he sees as a stain on the school's image, prompting Crowler to step in and defend the dorm on multiple occasions. In the Japanese version, Bonaparte addresses Crowler as a "temporary principal" to insult his feigning position. The two eventually duel to determine the fate of the Slifer Red dorm. Although Bonaparte proves to be a strong duelist, Crowler eventually wins. He later introduces Sartorius as a new freshman, much to Jaden's shock. While he and Bonaparte argue about where to go during the field trip, Sartorius tells them that he has a vision of a place where they could go, he has most of the student population backing up his choice. The school ends up going to  Domino City  after Jaden beats  Princess Rose . Later he and Bonaparte greet Sheppard when he returned to Duel Academy and watch him announce the Genex Tournament. When the  Genex Tournament  is going on, he and Bonaparte watch  Orlando  Duel Jaden. They are huge fans of his. Later, they call for backup in the form of top students from the past such as  Damon  and Belowski who end up beating Pro League duelists  Mathmatica  and  Elroy Prescot  respectively. After they leave, Crowler and Bonaparte beg them to come back and worry about being fired. 
 After Sheppard returns to his duties, Crowler and Bonaparte, thinking themselves to be fired on account of one of the Chancellor's angry outbursts over their bickering, attempt to find new jobs with  Industrial Illusions .  Maximillion Pegasus  agrees to open discussions on the matter, provided they can defeat him in a  triangle Duel . Although they lose to Pegasus, Sheppard states that it was all a big misunderstanding, and that they were never fired in the first place. During the duel against  Doctor Collector  and  The D  he and Bonaparte tell Jaden and Hassleberry that the D was Aster's step father. When the tournament comes to an end, both he and Bonaparte are beaten by duelists and find out that Chazz freed everyone from the  Society of Light . He then watches  Blair Flannigan  duel Chazz and lose to him making the later the champion.
 By the third year, Crowler has grown to respect Jaden a bit and even comments that "Jaden usually saves them" when things go wrong. During  Thelonious Viper 's  Survival Duels  in the 3rd year, he and Bonaparte try to tell Sheppard that those duels are causing students off, but the Chancler brushes off their concerns. Following Duel Academy's arrival in an  alternate dimension  after Jaden defeats Viper, Crowler becomes another zombified victim in the different dimension along with  Axel Brodie 's entire " Blue Berets " group that he had used to combat the  Duel Ghouls . He and the Blue Berets try to stop Jaden from going to the tennis courts but Pharaoh scratches them allowing Jaden to escape. He then tries to stop Jaden and co from reaching Marcel alongside Syrus, Chazz and Bonaparte. Alexis, Jim, Bastion and Hassleberry stay behind to combat them, allowing Jaden to get to Marcel. After Duel Academy gets restored, Crowler tries to tell Sheppard how he was the hero who helped the students. Sheppard does not believe him, knowing Jaden and his friends were the ones who really helped. However, he does not Duel when Jaden and his friends return to the different dimension to find  Jesse Anderson . Because he did not Duel and was not sent to another alternate dimension,  Crowler was present to watch Jaden's Duel against  Yubel , who was possessing Jesse, along with Syrus and  Ojama Yellow . After Jesse is freed from Yubel's control, Crowler stays behind to help Jesse recover while Syrus watches Jaden duel Yubel in her pure form. After everyone returns, Sheppard instructs Crowler to take the files to the  Abandoned Dorm , where they keep the files of other missing students.
 
         Crowler breaks down in tears after his duel with Jaden.     
 Crowler ascends to the position of vice-principal of Duel Academy in the fourth season after Bonaparte quits. Along with being a professor and vice-principal, Crowler is also revealed to be a career adviser helping Chazz become a Pro Duelist. As Jaden's graduation nears, he reverts to the cruel and bitter personality he had in the first year, making his students do math problems and even having them spend entire classes doing pushups. When he wouldn't show up to his lessons, the students chased him around to school to know why he acted so odd. He revealed to them that he didn't want any of them to leave, and thus wanted them to not take enough classes to graduate. Jaden Duels him, and Crowler fights back brilliantly (even pushing Jaden into a corner multiple times) but is defeated by Jaden in the same manner he did during the entrance exams (causing Crowler to joke that using " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " in conjunction with " Skyscraper " is the only strategy Jaden knows). This act restores Crowler to his usual self, leading him to make Jaden make up for all the classes he had missed recently. He is later shown announcing the graduation duels alongside Shepperd saying that the winner wins a copy of  Yugi Muto 's deck. It is assumed that Crowler, along with everyone else, was pulled into the world of Darkness during the  Trueman  siege and brought back when Jaden defeated   Nightshroud .
 He was last seen trying to make a speech to the third-years, but broke down and cried violently before being carried out by the other staff members. Afterward, he attended the graduation party with his students saying how he will miss the graduating class. Hassleberry tells him that he will still be around to keep him company.
 
 Other appearances 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , Crowler performs in the same manner he did in the first season of the anime, although he never Duels.
 
 Vellian Crowler (manga) Vellian Crowler ( Duel Terminal ) Vellian Crowler ( Duel Academy ) Vellian Crowler ( Spirit Caller ) Vellian Crowler ( Tag Force ) Vellian Crowler ( Millennium Duels ) Dr. Vellian Crowler ( Duel Links ) 
 Deck 
 Crowler uses an  " Ancient Gear " Deck , mainly focusing his tactics on summoning his signature " Ancient Gear Golem " cards as fast as possible through methods such as " The Trojan Horse " and a combination of " Statue of the Wicked " and " Heavy Storm " while taking advantage of the Ancient Gear monsters effects to negate various effects when attacking to gain the advantage and limit enemy counter plays. 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear  x2 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Ancient Gear Cannon [Notes 1] 
 Ancient Gear Engineer 
 Ancient Gear Golem  x3 (later played  a different effect) 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 Emes the Infinity [Notes 2] 
 The Trojan Horse Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle 
 Ancient Gear Drill 
 Ancient Gear Explosive 
 Ancient Gear Factory 
 Ancient Gear Fist 
 Ancient Gear Tank 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Confiscation 
 Crazy Summon Gear 
 Graceful Charity 
 Heavy Storm 
 Limiter Removal 
 Magnet Circle LV2 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Spell Gear 
 Traps 
 Damage Condenser 
 Desperate Battle 
 Statue of the Wicked  x2 
 Unfinished Time Box 
 Zero Gravity 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 1 
 Lose
 
 
 Camula 
 31 
 Lose
 
 
 Chumley Huffington 
 50 
 Win
 
 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte 
 69 
 Win
 
 
 Freshman Duelists 
 92  (mentioned) 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 
 5 year old Duelist 
 92  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte ,  Maximillion Pegasus 
 92 
 Win (Bonaparte), Lose (Pegasus)
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelist 
 102 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 127 
 Not shown (off-screen)
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes , and   Jim Crocodile Cook 
 129 
 Draw (with  Syrus Truesdale ,  Chazz Princeton  and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 167 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 53: " Back to Duel " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Les Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-GX/Details/Les-personnages/Dr.-Vellian-Crowler . Retrieved October 15, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters height guide" . September 13, 2013 .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/d6e91c9ed9a16df5a0e0123cd69ca2ef/tumblr_mt1zczv2GB1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 6, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 01: " The Next King of Games " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 92 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his hand in  episodes 1  and  50 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Vellian Crowler  (Cronos de Medici) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Links 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/DrVellianCrowler.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110705014258', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Cronos_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170315164841', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Cronosdoll.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121222022554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Jaden_talks_to_Crowler_after_winning_their_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20141223184141', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Chronos.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/141?cb=20070712164445', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/VellianCrowlerDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930142533', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/CrowlerDuelAcademy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140509172832', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/CrowlerSpiritCaller.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140509173113', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Crowler-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180725174827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/VellianCrowlerMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190606143814', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/DrVellianCrowler-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/157?cb=20171025124152', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Vellian Crowler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters