Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Manga_Yuma.png

"Yuma" redirects here. For the  Tag Force  character, see  Yuma Miyata .   
 For the other versions of this character, see  Yuma Tsukumo (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Yuma Tukumo [1] [2] Tsukomo Yuma [3] 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Toma [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] Number Hunter [9] Miracle Boy [10] [11] Dark Horse [7] ZEXAL [12] [13] ZEXAL-ura [12] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 九十九   遊馬 九十九 遊馬 つくも ゆうま Rōmaji: ( Tsukumo Yūma ) 
 
 
 Arabic   
 يوما تسوكومو 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 13 [15] [1] [2] 
 
 
 Height 
 158 cm [14] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Rice Ball [16] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Tomato (formerly) [17] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Kari Tsukumo  (older sister) Kazuma Tsukumo  (father) Mira Tsukumo  (mother) Haru Tsukumo  (grandmother) Astral  (other half) [18] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Student 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Winner       Friendship Games   Winner (with  Girag )     Couples Duel tournament   Winner (with  Anna Kaboom )   
 
 
 Team 
 Too Cool and The Fool (English) [19] Irattokuru Kattobingu Team (イラッとくるかっとびんぐチーム  Irattokuru Kattobingu Chīmu )  [19] 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Anti  Xyz   Syllables Statue Xyz One Turn Kill/Win [1] [2] 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Eli Jay 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Tasuku Hatanaka Mika Ito  (younger) 
 
 
 Italian  
 Renato Novara 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Carlos Martins (Portugal; Season 1) Susana João (Portugal; Seasons 2 and 3) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Miguel Ángel Ruiz (American Spanish dub) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Steven Bontogon 
 
 
 
 
 What reason I have been fighting up until now? If I continue fighting, I will carve open a path to the future. Sacrificing other things will not give people a future.  
 — Yuma to  Astral [20] 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  ( 九十九   遊馬 ,  Tsukumo Yūma ) is the main protagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is a young  Duelist  who aspires to be the greatest, despite his amateur skills. He finds himself reluctantly partnered with a Dueling spirit called  Astral . Together, they pursue the " Numbers " to recover Astral's scattered memories, becoming a  Number Hunter  while cultivating his Dueling abilities during their adventures. After being victorious in the  World Duel Carnival , Yuma became the Duel Champion of  Heartland City . [21]  He is also the Original Number's other half that was separated from him, during Astral's battle with  Don Thousand  long ago. [18] 
 As Yuma cooperates with Astral and assists him in the gathering of his "Number" cards, Yuma learns the truths that connect him to his destiny through his beloved father,  Kazuma Tsukumo , and becomes the most important participant in the  Interdimensional War  between  Astral World  and  Barian World , bringing an end to the hostilities.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 1.5   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.2   World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 2.2.3   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.3.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.3.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.3.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Non-canon appearances 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Number Hunting 
 6   Relationships 
 
 6.1   Astral 
 6.2   Tori Meadows 
 6.3   Kari Tsukumo 
 6.4   Bronk Stone 
 6.5   Reginald Kastle 
 6.6   Kite Tenjo 
 6.7   Hart Tenjo 
 6.8   Trey 
 6.9   Ray Shadows/Vector 
 
 
 7   Deck 
 8   Duels 
 9   Trivia 
 10   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Full body view of Yuma.     
 Yuma has tan skin, red eyes, and black and red spiked hair that points out and upward. In every outfit he wears, Yuma is always wearing the  Emperor's Key  around his neck, which is hung by a black string. He owns a white and yellow Duel Gazer with a green lens, matching the color scheme of his ace, " Number 39: Utopia ". Yuma bears a striking resemblance to his father,  Kazuma Tsukumo , but has inherited his  mother 's red eyes.
 
         Yuma's lineart.     
 In his regular attire, he wears a red vest with a white hood and a blue sleeveless shirt with a green "D" symbol, standing for "Duel". Yuma also wears white pants with designs of three orange moon crescents attached to one another with yellow outlines at the bottom, a white brown-stripe belt, and black with blue streaks shoes with white straps. Other accessories includes a brown fingerless glove on his left hand, a black protective pad on his right elbow and a thick, dark blue bracelet with light blue gems and red outlines on his right wrist.
 
         Yuma's  Duel Gazer .     
 When in his school attire, he wears a white shirt with red-lined sleeves and collar, a red tie, blue pants and brown shoes. In his nightwear attire, he wears a red-white t-shirt, grey pants, and sometimes green slippers, but Yuma mostly goes barefoot around his house. During the  Heartland Academy  festival, Yuma wore a " Temtempo the Percussion Djinn " cosplay.
 
 
 Personality 
 Yuma is a hasty, energetic, and cheerful young boy who likes to challenge himself to do anything that seems impossible, which he normally fails at. Undaunted by his failures, he states that doing these challenges gets him fired up and will eventually accomplish what he sets out to do. [16]  He calls this challenge his " kattobingu " spirit ("feeling the flow" in the dub), which his father taught him. [22]  Even Yuma would sometimes doubt himself when depressed, yet he'd still go through with his trials, such when he had shown up for his  Duel  with  Reginald Kastle . [16]  Yuma told  Astral  it was because of his promise to his father is the reason he doesn't do things halfway, believing it was like "betraying" his father if he did so. [22] 
 
Yuma greatly loves his parents and treasures  the key  they gave him, shown when he was depressed when Shark broke it [16]  and nearly had a panic attack when he lost it, but really just ran out the house without it. [22]  In his  house , Yuma sleeps in the treasury attic full with memories and artifacts of his parents' adventures and trips instead of his own bedroom. He looks up to his father and carries on his challenging, never-give-up spirit and catchphrase " kattobingu ". It was said that Yuma picked up his personality from his father's spirit and his mother's affection.         The picture of his parents Yuma keeps by his bedside.     While he tries to hide it, Yuma quite sensitive on the subject of parents and misses them. [22]   Astral  says that deep in Yuma's heart, he struggles with the sadness of losing his parents and tries to live up to their teachings. [23]  Many have pointed out how similar Yuma is to his father,  Charlie McCay  told  Kari  how Yuma had inherited his father's " kattobingu " spirit, [24]  and  Vetrix  and  Quinton  commented how Yuma and  Kazuma  shared the same beliefs in bonds and friendship. [25] [26]   Dr. Faker  has also noted how much Yuma is similar to Kazuma, especially when Yuma assisted  Kite Tenjo  in trying to rescue him. [27] 
 Forthright and honest, Yuma is shown to assist others if they are in trouble, despite their protests, as he challenged Shark to reclaim  Bronk Stone 's Deck. [16]  Yuma even challenged  Nistro  and  Dextra  to a Duel in order to defend  Flip  (who cheated other participants), whose punishment is having his Deck confiscated and Nistro planning to physically punish him. [28]  Yuma believes  Duelists  cannot be bad people and believes a  Duel  to be a clash of souls. Yuma's good-nature appears to make him naive as he believed that  Flip  really had good intentions, even after his friends had warned him he was a swindler from the start. [29]  Even after  Vector  exploited Yuma's trusting disposition [30] , Yuma resolved that he would not allow this deceit to color his perspective and doubt everyone he meets. [31] 
 Due to his short-temper and stubbornness, Yuma is easily annoyed, and frequently clashes with  Astral . Yuma tends to disobey Astral's instructions when they Duel, which leads to him making mistakes. He only starts obeying when he is about to lose, as he believes the Duels are his and listening to him would mean he needed help to win. As the series progresses, Yuma and Astral start working together, mostly after he called Astral his friend. [32]  Although, Yuma still gets upset sometimes when Astral tried to instructed him, and tell him to stay out of his Duel because he has his own "plans". [2] [33]  Impetuous and clumsy, Yuma also appears to have a habit of forgetting important things such as the Emperor's Key on his way to school, [22]  officially registering for the  World Duel Carnival , [34]  his invitation to the finals party, [35]  and even his Heart Pieces on the day of the finals. [36]  Yuma would sometimes even fail to execute any high jumps or dynamics, causing him to trip over his feet. [4] [7] [37] [38]  Also, when Yuma is too absorbed in his own mind, he forgets about other actions he did [39]  or is performing. [1] [2] [40]  Such actions usually make his friends and others regard Yuma as an "idiot", much to the latter's annoyance.
 Yuma wants to be a Duel Champion, but tends to sleep and slack off at school, and doesn't generally use strategies during Duels. Unlike  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki , and  Yusei Fudo , he was an amateur knowing only the basics, but as the series goes on, Yuma's Dueling abilities are starting to increase. He can Duel opponents like Cathy [41]  and  Lilly [42]  without Astral telling him what to do (though this only happens when he Duels seriously, seeing how he is still defeated with ease in friendly Duels), but he still relies on him to help him out at difficult times. Yuma's skills have improved greatly enough that he was able to hold his own against both  Dextra  and  Nistro  until Astral came back to execute the final winning move. [28]  Having been tutored by Astral, his skills have grown even more during his one-on-one Duel with Trey. [43]  Eventually, Yuma is able to Duel on equal standing against Shark in their third rematch with little to zero advice from Astral. [44]  He is able to Duel on equal terms with Kite during their rematch. [45]  He is able to Duel on comparable level with people under control by  Barian World  on his own and even impressing  Girag . [46] 
 He also Dueled with the Barian,  Alito , on equal standing without any advice from Astral. [47]  While Astral was incapacitated after the forced cancellation of Dark Zexal, Yuma was able to narrowly survive Vector's turn in a situation where all he had was Number 39: Utopia, and a number of monsters in the Graveyard. During that turn he remained calm and focused, to the point where he remembered that he needed to forcibly send the card he needed from his Deck to the Graveyard in order to make use of it. [48]  During his mission to save Astral, when he confronted the will of Astral World,  Eliphas , and his Double-Rank Up monsters and multiple  Shining Draws , through using " Rainbow Kuriboh ", gaining the ability to perform his own Shining Draw to create " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Force " and " Number 39: Utopia Roots ", managed to turn his Double Rank-Up strategy against him and emerged victorious.  [49]  Finally, when Yuma faced off against Astral in their final Duel after gaining all the "Numbers", his full powers and memories, which included all six  forms of "Utopia"  and " Number 99: Utopic Dragon ", through his own non-"Number" deck, the power of his own Shining Draw and " Number F0: Utopic Future ", claimed victory and proven himself a top Duelist in his own right. [18] 
 Yuma seems to have a positive effect on the people he Duels,  Mr. Kay  claimed that Yuma has a "sun-like" power and that people who have contact with Yuma has their hearts "illuminated" without noticing [50]  and usually restoring something they lost in their heart. After his Duel with Shark, he stopped stealing others Decks and the two eventually became friends. After defeating Flip, he gave up his conniving ways and became an honest person. [51]  After defeating  Nelson Andrews , he helped him repair his relationship with his mother and become his own person instead of living in the shadow of his ESPer Sparrow persona. [52]  After defeating  Cathy , she began to gain more confidence and started hanging out more with Yuma and his friends instead of always hiding from others. [53]  After defeating  Kaze , he was able to let go of his anger after being stopped by Yuma from slashing a statue and started studying again under his former teacher. [54] The Barian, Alito, considers him a worthy opponent and establishes rapport with him after being defeated. [47] 
 
 Abilities 
 Yuma has the natural ability to see and hear  Astral , and was shown multiple times that he is capable of talking with Astral telepathically [23] . However, Yuma's power seems to come from from his tenacious spirit and perception of " kattobingu ", and should he ever lose his will, Yuma would be unable to see and hear Astral or see his  Emperor's Key . [55] 
 
         Yuma's  Shining Draw .     
 After  The Door  opened for Yuma, he and Astral gained the power of  ZEXAL , which caused them to merge their souls, leaving Yuma with most of the body's control. They also gained the ability to create "ZW" cards, among various other cards, all of which have the effects to deal with the situation the power was called for, such as " ZW - Unicorn Spear " and " ZW - Phoenix Bow " through an ability called "Shining Draw". [56]  Later, during his Duel against Eliphas, he managed to use the "Shining Draw" to his advantage to save Astral. [49]  The reason he can preform this ability is because he was originally a part of Astral, also the reason why they are able to preform  ZEXAL . [18]  Yuma can also use the Shining Draw to create "Number" monsters, albeit comparatively low-Ranked ones such as " Number 39: Utopia Roots " and later created his own Number, " Number F0: Utopic Future ". [49] [18] 
 During the battle of Sargasso, Yuma and Astral's bonds were increased to the point where ZEXAL was enhanced to create  ZEXAL II . When using ZEXAL II, he no longer requires a Duel Gazer, his left eye simply becomes more luminous. Also, Yuma has the ability to use Shining Evolution to bring out the true power of the card he's drawn, as well as the ability to perform a Shining Draw. It is unknown exactly what circumstances are needed to use Shining Evolution, but Yuma was able to use it to turn his duel with Vector around by transforming "Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force" into "Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force", though this is the only instance of Shining Evolution. When Yuma was reunited with Astral after the latter was injured by Number 96, ZEXAL II was further upgraded into  ZEXAL III . When using ZEXAL III, Yuma gains the ability to create a ZEXAL Field, which negates the harmful effects of being inside the Barian Field. He also keeps the ability to perform a Shining Draw and presumably Shining Evolution.  [49] 
 Yuma could sense  Don Thousand 's awakening. [57]  According to  Enna , Yuma possesses the power of  Chaos  and is able to cure Astral World and its denizens with it. [58] 
 Yuma is also acrobatic as it was shown multiple times as perform several flips and high jumps throughout the series.
 Yuma is initially a very poor duelist, requiring help from Astral to simply progress through a game. As his skills develop, Yuma becomes an incredibly strong duelist, surpassing even Astral, who was stated to be the strongest duelist in the Zexal series until that point. 
 
 Etymology 
 Like the protagonists of the previous series,  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki  and  Yusei Fudo , his name contains the kanji 「遊」 ( yu ). He is the first protagonist whose surname contains three kanji.
 The name Yuma also is of Native American origin, meaning "chief's son".
 His surname, "Tsukumo", can be translated as "ninety-nine" which is the amount of " Number " cards he and Astral are looking for. It may also be played on "spider" (kumo), an allusion to "The Spider's Thread" by Ryunosuke Akutagawa given his pacifist personality and his attempts to save his foes from their doom (notably  Vetrix  and  Vector ). The name "Yuma" can mean evening or horse, which explains the horse symbol on Yuma's soccer uniform from the " Stadium of Dreams "  Field Spell Card [59]  and the name of "Dark Horse" [7]  by  Mr. Heartland .
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the English dub, Yuma has a somewhat high-pitched, raspy voice.
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Younger Yuma climbing a mountain.     
 Yuma grew up with his loving parents,  Kazuma Tsukumo  and  Mira Tsukumo , older sister  Kari Tsukumo , and grandmother  Haru Tsukumo . Since he was young, Yuma had been going to the same school as his childhood friend,  Tori Meadows , since their families were always been good terms with each other. As a child, he got the constant attention and affections of his parents, to his sister's chagrin. Very close to his parents, he would sometimes go on camping trips or rock climbing with his father. [9] [22] 
 Due to his poor Dueling skills and constantly proclaiming that he will become a Duel champion, Yuma was frequently teased by others. One day, after losing a Duel against a few classmates and was teased about it, Yuma became depressed and sad. His father noticed this, and took him camping in the mountains to cheer him up and have a "man talk". Despite his father attempt to cheer him up, Yuma continued sulking and refused to talk about his problems. [22] 
 
         Yuma laughing at his father's dream.     
 When his father began to tell him about the "other universe", Yuma perked up and was encouraged to always challenge and to strive for hope. When asked about his aim, Yuma answered by saying his aim is to become the Duel Champion. Although, Yuma mentioned how people laugh at him, his father told him not to care about it, and never to give up on that drive and to always continue for it. After a friendly Duel and before he was about to go sleep, Yuma asked his father what his dream is, to which his father answered by saying his dream is to go to the end of the world. Yuma laughed at this because the Earth is round and there is no end, and the two laughed together at the notion. [22]  However, in the dub, Kazuma says he wants to go to the edge of the world.
 
         Yuma notices the key.     
 When his father was found after the snowstorm accident, Yuma noticed the  Emperor's Key  in his hands and stared at it. Sometime later, he Dueled against some bullies and lost, then was mocked to the point of tears welling up in his eyes. Then his father showed up, shouting him encouragement and tossed him in the key. Moved by this, Yuma started to always wear the key and do " kattobingu ". [22]  After his parents went missing and were assumed dead, he is looked after by his grandmother and Kari, who began to forbid him from Dueling, but he still does it behind her back. [29]  Although, unknown to Yuma, she did this because of her promise to their parents to protect him, and that their father warned her about being careful with Yuma's Duels because one day a great destiny would awaken from one of his Duels. [22] 
 
         Yuma about to duel Bronk with Tori by his side watching.     
 One day at school, Yuma shouts out his ambition to his class and was mocked by  Bronk Stone . Angered, Yuma challenged him to a Duel and lost, but continues to Duel him ever since. The two eventually become friends, but Yuma still regularly lost to Bronk. [60] 
 Sometime after gaining the key, a  door  shaped like the head of a demon, wrapped in chains started haunting Yuma in his dreams, causing him to have the same nightmare almost every night. In that dream, he meets the door upon a old zig-zag raised path and a voice says; "Whoever opens this door will obtain a new power, but in exchange will lose what they appreciate the most.", and seems to make his key react to this. However, Yuma always wakes up before he can open it and appears to have never told anybody about his dreams. [16] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
         The  demonic door  from Yuma's dreams.     
 Yuma was plagued by nightmares of a  demonic gate , with a voice saying that whoever opens this door would receive a new power but in compensation they would lose their most precious thing. Yuma wondered about his most precious thing as the key lit up, but the ground below him suddenly crumbled away causing him to fall into an abyss. Waking up, Yuma fell out of the hammock in his attic and commented that he was having that same dream again. Then he noticed that his clock struck at 8 o'clock and realized that he is late for school. Yuma moaned at  Kari  for not waking him up, but she told Yuma that he's in middle school, he should wake himself up, causing Yuma to pull a face behind her back. Dashing outside, Yuma bid goodbye to his grandmother,  Haru , but when asked if he had breakfast, he insisted that he didn't need it and is late. His grandmother was unhappy by this and caught the collar of his shirt with her broom and lifted him off the ground. She demanded that Yuma eat something, and he complied. [16] 
 
         Yuma races  Bronk  to school.     
 Yuma rushed through the neighborhood and leapfrogged over a  Litterbot  and caused it to spin out of control. As he continued running, Yuma ran into Bronk, who leaped in front of him on his skateboard, and challenged him to a race to school. Accepting the challenge, Yuma raced in front, but when they proceeded to run down a flight of stairs, Bronk kicked a Litterbot into Yuma's path, causing him to hit the bot, causing his belongings to fall out of his messenger bag, including his Deck. As a couple of the Litterbots went rampant in order to pick up what they perceived as litter, Yuma, insulted, screamed at them that what they were calling "trash" was his Deck. [16] 
 At  Heartland Academy , Yuma tried completing various tasks ranging from his "20 stack challenge" to swimming the length of the pool, which he failed to do and was laughed at by his classmates. When  Tori  asked why he did all of those things since he going failed at, Yuma explained that she just didn't understand and that the important thing was to keep fighting and as long as you don't give up, you will someday succeed. Grasping his key, Yuma said the key opened many possibilities and with it he felt that he can do anything. During the school break, Yuma witnessed Bronk losing his Deck to  Shark  in an  Ante Duel . When Yuma stood up for Bronk, Shark asked Yuma what was most precious to him, to which Yuma looked down at his pendant. In response, Shark broke  Emperor's Key  in two and kicked a piece into the bushes. Shark offered Yuma a chance to get Bronk's Deck back by Dueling him with his own Deck on the line on Sunday. Later at night, Yuma suffered the same nightmare and then spent the entire day depressed and sad. After school, Yuma was confronted by Bronk about Dueling Shark, which Yuma planned to do, and was touched when he learned that Bronk recovered the missing piece of the key. [16] 
 
         Yuma begins his fated Duel with  Shark .     
 At night, Yuma planned to use a Deck constructed by his father, as opposed to his usual Deck, but didn't understand how to use the cards properly. During the Duel, Yuma makes several amateur mistakes and Shark quickly gained an advantage. As Shark taunted him to give up, Yuma argued that he wasn't someone like that because he had always believed in himself. Ripping off the key from around his neck, Yuma stated that his "kattobingu" would never disappear, as the key began to shine brightly. Yuma then found himself in front of the demonic door again. He was given to the opportunity to open it, and does so with the key. After he opened it, a mysterious figure flew towards Yuma, who was then trapped within a sphere made of blank cards. The sphere shattered and Yuma was returned to the park where he was still Dueling Shark. A dark force enveloped Shark and he  Xyz Summoned  " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ". Surprised at Shark's power, Yuma began to feel as though he wouldn't be able to win. However, a strange entity appeared next to him and told him to stand up and win. [16] 
 
         Yuma fighting alongside Astral.     
 The entity revealed himself to be  Astral , a Duelist from  another world , shocking Yuma. As Yuma talked with Astral, he noticed his friends, and everyone else, couldn't see him. Astral tried to take over Yuma's Duel, stating that he had to win at all costs with Yuma complaining that it was his Duel. Astral tried to order Yuma around, intentionally or not, to gain the advantage against Shark. However, Yuma refused to listen to Astral as he was taken down each turn. When Astral informed him that his own life fades as Yuma's  Life Points  decreased, Yuma took Astral's advice and uses " Monster Reborn " to  Special Summon  " Gagaga Magician " from his  Graveyard . Astral gifted Yuma with " Number 39: Utopia ", an Xyz Monster. Having never owned an Xyz Monster before, an excited Yuma Summoned it by  overlaying  "Gagaga Magician" with " Ganbara Knight ". Astral stated that "Utopia" is the power he has entrusted to Yuma and that he must use it to win the Duel. With this card, Yuma made a comeback, and managed to pull off a win using it in a combo with " Double or Nothing! ". Shark was returned to normal, and returned Bronk's Deck as promised, which Yuma thanked him for. As Shark left, Yuma tells Shark he had a lot of fun and said they should Duel again someday just for fun. [4] 
 With this win, Yuma began to gain a following around his school, as Shark was known to have pro-level Dueling skills and Yuma was known for having amateur ones. [61] [62]  One day, the network at school mysteriously went down, and Yuma's teacher,  Mr. Kay , allowed them to use the day to Duel instead, as they could not access their virtual textbooks with the network down. Yuma Dueled his class's chairman,  Caswell , but Astral was not present, so Yuma did not have access to his  Extra Deck  of "Numbers". As a result, he lost a crushing, one-turn defeat without inflicting a single point of damage to Caswell. When Kari picked Yuma and Tori up from  Heartland Academy , she told them that she managed to find the location of the person who uploaded the  Crashbug Virus , which was in the school's library. Kari forced Yuma and Tori to scope the location out for anyone suspicious. [61] 
 
         Yuma and Astral in a Duel against  Mr. Kay .     
 Yuma and Tori suspected Caswell of being responsible for the network going down, but he would eventually lead them to the real culprit, Mr. Kay. Mr. Kay had been possessed by one of the "Numbers" and Dueled Yuma using " Number 34: Terror-Byte " and the " Crashbug " series. [61]  After arguing with Astral, Yuma was able to overcome him by Summoning both "Utopia" and "Leviathan Dragon". Mr. Kay revealed that he had no ill intentions and simply wanted to bring happiness to the city with a virtual " Crashbug ". Astral determined that the "Numbers" amplify the emotions that their vessel already had, malicious or not. [63] 
 At school, a student named  Flip  approached Yuma to ask for his autograph for defeating Shark and eventually gifted him with a " Baby Tiragon " card in return. Yuma was excited to have his own Xyz Monster, but Tori and Bronk's reservations about Flip and their several attempts drag him away from Flip prevented him from accepting it. After school, Yuma received the fan-mail containing the "Baby Tiragon" card, and was questioned by Kari if he been Dueling even though he was forbidden to. Unknown to Yuma, Flip framed him in many incriminating situations of mischief and emailed the pictures to his classmates. The next day, Yuma was confronted by his classmates and tried to defend himself, but no one believed him due the pictures and everyone, except for Bronk and Tori, avoided him. Depressed, Yuma went to the  Heartland Shopping Mall , and found Flip, who challenged him to a Duel. [29] 
 
         Yuma activates the effect of " Stinging Swordsman ".     
 Yuma thought he would have a friendly Duel with Flip, but it turned out be far from it. The "Baby Tiragon" card was a trap, and Flip stole "Utopia" via the effect of " Ultra C ". Flip then revealed that the autograph Yuma signed was a contract agreeing to ante his Number cards in the Duel. Flip went on to steal "Leviathan Dragon" as well, and appeared possessed by both "Numbers". Astral was sealed in an orb of light as his power weakened, but urged Yuma to protect "Baby Tiragon". Yuma did so and used its effect to let " Stinging Swordsman " attack  directly . With his  Continuous Trap Cards  returned to his hand, Flip lost the "Numbers" and they returned to Yuma. Yuma won the Duel with them, and attempted to return "Baby Tiragon". Flip told him to keep it and the two leave the Duel as friends. [51] 
 Sometime later,  Astral  was watching a TV show while Yuma was asleep. "The Sparrow". He was fascinated by the show as the Sparrow appeared to be from a different dimension as well. Yuma was woken up by the sound of the episode and switched the TV off, only to be bugged by Astral about him believing Sparrow may know something about his memories. Yuma tried to explain it's all fiction, but after failing to convince Astral, he reluctantly switched the TV back on, even though the episode ended. The next day, Yuma arrived at school to Duel someone, only to be prodded by Tori and Astral to visit the Sparrow, who was shooting a scene in town. Flip caused a distraction to get them inside, where they saw the Sparrow practicing alone for his shoot. Astral, still believing the show was real, grew wary of the costumes to the side of the set, and in an attempt to convince Astral they're not real, Yuma ended up being flung about in the air by a hook. While Astral pondered over whether Yuma could fly as he can, Yuma dropped his Deck in front of the Sparrow, who grew concerned. [52] 
 
         Yuma meets  The Sparrow .     
 After Yuma dropped to the ground, he was saved from the security by the Sparrow, who discovered Yuma was a  Duelist , and took him to his dressing room. Pleased to meet a Duelist, the Sparrow gave Yuma back his  Deck  and Yuma happily agreed to have a Duel with the Sparrow upon his request. After the Sparrow was spooked at the sight of a spider, Yuma laughed at his sudden change in demeanor and learned that the Sparrow is nothing like his character off set. Hearing his situation, Yuma comforted him by saying he should be himself, with the latter telling him his real name,  Nelson Andrews . The two become friends, but before they could Duel  Nelson's mother  forced Yuma out. Before he left, Yuma promised Nelson that they would Duel someday, but Nelson's mother continued to push him out, leaving Nelson to sorrowfully say "Nelson Andrews doesn't matter" and that no one could save him. On the streets, Yuma lamented on Nelson's tough star life, with Astral asking Yuma why the Sparrow was also called Nelson. This let Yuma convince Astral that TV wasn't real. After Astral grew disappointed that Nelson couldn't tell him about his memories, Yuma asked Astral if he's lonely, only for Astral to reply he didn't know what the word meant. Yuma explained it, but instead of answering, Astral told him that he thought Nelson may be lonely. Meanwhile, Nelson was possessed by a "Number" card and attacked several people in town, taking his TV persona as his real one. After hearing about it, Yuma and Astral headed off to find him. They eventually did find Nelson, only to learn he was possessed, and under the impression he was the Sparrow. [52] 
 
         Yuma thinking about his mother.     
 Yuma knew he had to Duel Nelson to set him free, but then he revealed his "Numbers" card - " Number 83: Galaxy Queen ", which puts Yuma in a tough spot. Seeing that the "Number" was like Nelson's soul, Yuma called Tori and told her to bring Nelson's mother to the site of the Duel. As Yuma was push into a corner by Nelson, Yuma proclaimed that he would save Nelson. When Tori showed up with Bronk and Mrs. Andrews, Yuma explained how Nelson was the one attacking people. When Nelson's mother tried to talk to her son, he brushed her off, but Yuma told her to watch the Duel and sees how Nelson views her. Yuma and Astral debated whether they should attack, and they finally decided that they must, if they wanted to free Nelson. Yuma attacked "Galaxy Queen" with "Utopia", but Sparrow had one last Trap: " Star Sparrow Forever ", reviving " Esper Star Sparrow " with 0 ATK, in order to save "Galaxy Queen". Despite this, Nelson lost the Duel. Astral absorbed "Galaxy Queen" from Nelson's body. Nelson returned to his normal self and reunited with his mother, causing Yuma to remember his own mother. Later, Yuma, Tori and Bronk walked on a bridge as Yuma talked about the day's events. When Yuma and Tori got into an argument, Shark rode by on his motorcycle and observed Yuma, but Yuma didn't notice. Later, Yuma and Astral watched the conclusion of "The Sparrow" show, and Astral made Observation No. 10 - "The parent-child relationship is something I understand". [64] 
 
         Yuma, sleeping as  Cathy  sneaks around his room.     
 One day at school, Bronk said that it was strange that Yuma never once won a Duel against him, but had been winning against many powerful opponents recently. Tori asked what was wrong with that and Bronk responded that bringing it to them was more suited for losing. Bronk speculated that Astral may really exist, as Yuma only began to win after he started talking about him. Yuma enters the room and said "Hi", seemingly unaware of that fact that he was wearing leather pants and an oversized fur coat. Yuma asked why everyone is staring, and Tori told him she couldn't take it anymore. She said that she knew it wasn't polite to comment on someone's fashion sense, but she needed to do so in this case. For the last three days, Yuma had shown up to school in strange outfits; the last one was a bee costume. Tori told him that everyone would laugh if he kept dressing like that and pulled out a standing mirror, telling Yuma to see for himself. He looked horrified, and Bronk asked how he wasn't aware what he was wearing. Tori went on to tell him that that was not all - strange things had been showing up around him lately: Yuma's lunch box was decorated fancily, he suddenly got a 100% on a test and yesterday he was actually able to clear the jump he usually missed in gym class. [53] 
 Astral appeared and tells him that he had been watching; it happened again last night—someone came into his room and messed with his things. Yuma asked why Astral never told him. Astral responded that Yuma never asked him. With Astral already there, he didn't believe that adding more strange things to the room wasn't unnatural. Yuma threw off the fur coat and vowed to find the person responsible, but Tori teased him that his being full of spirit didn't change how terrible his outfit was, and Yuma responded that it wasn't as if he enjoyed dressing this way. She told him he had absolutely no fashion sense. Yuma asked about her, and she retorted that at least her fashion sense was better. Yuma asked her to show him, and she told him they would go shopping this Sunday to buy Yuma new clothes, which he agreed to, and told her to meet him at 3PM at the  shopping mall . [64] 
 
         Yuma and Astral surrounded by cats.     
 The next day, Yuma was waiting for Tori at the mall, surprised she was late, but then group of cats approached Yuma, with the one at the front having a note in its mouth. When Astral was startled by the cats, Yuma asked if he was scared of cats, but Astral denied this and claimed that it was only because he hadn't recorded them in his observations yet. Yuma jokingly told him that cats are very sensitive to the supernatural, so they can definitely see Astral, who responded that it seemed the cats are looking at Yuma. Noticing the note, he picked it up and sees it was tied with Tori's hair ribbon. He read it, and determined that Tori has been kidnapped. Yuma followed a cat to a cat-themed mansion. He burst through the front doors screaming Tori's name, to find a parlor is full of more cats, and many statues and paintings of cats. A girl emerged from upstairs and welcomed him, introducing herself as  Cathy Katherine , but told him to call her "Cat-chan". Astral said he recognized her, and told Yuma she was always staring at him from afar. Yuma seemed to know her, but after thinking about it, he said he has no idea who she was, to Cathy's disappointment. Yuma asked where Tori was, and why Cathy would do something like this. She responded that it was because Yuma was hopeless. Yuma seemed confused and told her to just give Tori back. Cathy turned around and said that she will if Yuma could beat her in a Duel, but she wanted something if she won. Yuma questioned if "Numbers" are involved and Astral said that if that's the case, they have no choice, but to win, but Yuma told him that there was no need to tell him that. Throughout the Duel, Cathy tried confessing to Yuma that she loves him, but Yuma defeated her with "Baby Tiragon" and Astral attempted to collect her "Number" before realizing she did not have one. Yuma walked over to Cathy to help her up and asked her where Tori is, making Cathy blush. [64] 
 Afterward, Yuma found out that Tori was at the park the whole time, playing with Cathy's cats. As they walked to school the next morning with Bronk, Tori told them that she was forced to play with the cats and that Yuma should stop being so angry with her. Yuma angrily insisted that he was not angry with her as Cathy walked up to them, saying "Good morning." and Yuma responds with a "Hey!". As Cathy walked off happily, Bronk asked who that was, and Tori told him not to be rude since that girl was in their class. When they couldn't remember her name, Yuma told them her name was Cathy with "Cat" as a nickname and that she's a strong Duelist. Jealous, Tori said that she didn't know that and Bronk asked if Yuma figured out who was messing with them. Tori said she had to go and walked ahead of them, leaving Yuma confused. Astral floated above and documents his eleventh observation - "Yuma still doesn't understand the feelings of women". [64] 
 
         Yuma is nearly run over by Shark.     
 One day Yuma was late for school, and dashed across a crosswalk when traffic was cleared, but nearly got run over by someone on a motorcycle. The driver pulled over and Yuma angrily asked if he didn't see the light change. He saw that the driver was Shark, who said nothing and pulled away. In class, Caswell took Yuma's Deck to look for the "Number" cards, but couldn't find them. When Yuma said that he only has them when Astral is with him, Caswell then tells Yuma that his victory's over Shark and Flip were due to the "Numbers" and questions him about his skills. So Yuma decides to fight Shark again, but Bronk tells him that Shark hasn't been showing up to school lately and how after losing to Yuma, Shark's reputation dropped dramatically and rumors say he's been hanging out with some rough-neck "bad people". [37] 
 
         Shark takes away the  Emperor's Key .     
 Later, Yuma wandered the streets, remarking that his friends didn't understand - he was much stronger than he was before. Yuma found Shark, but was cornered by  Chills ,  Scorch  and their goons, then was lifted off the ground by his ankle. Luckily, Shark stepped in and told them to back off, leaving Yuma and his friends alone. When Yuma challenged Shark, he refused to Duel and Yuma was shocked learning that Shark gave up Dueling.The next day, Yuma then proceeds to chase Shark and annoy him by requesting a Duel until he accepts. As the Duel progresses, Shark's burn strategy begins to take its toll on Yuma, who vows not to uses "Numbers". However, Shark tells him use his "Numbers" anyway, so Yuma brings out "Utopia", but it was not enough, as Shark weakened it with " Friller Rabca ", then proceeded to negate its effects and destroy it with his "Black Ray Lancer". With a final direct attack from "Aero Shark", Yuma lost the Duel, losing his pride along the way and was devastated. As Yuma bet his pendant in the Duel as a prize, but when Shark took it, he threw it behind him onto the ground beside Yuma, saying that it wasn't worth destroying as well as warning him not to bother him again (in the dub, Shark throws the key to the ground telling Yuma to keep it as a reminder of the Duel). [37] 
 After this, Yuma Duels  Bronk  without the "Numbers" only to lose a grand total of 20 times in a row. Eventually, Bronk stops Dueling Yuma for lying to him about using the "Numbers". On the way to school the next day, Yuma catches up with Bronk, asking him if they can Duel today, but Bronk simply says he can't Duel with him anymore. Yuma shakes it off, saying there are plenty of other people to Duel with anyway. When  Astral  appears and tells him that it doesn't matter who he Duels with right now because Yuma, who usually at least use basic strategies in his Duels, but he isn't even doing that anymore - he's simply recklessly attacking over and over again. Yuma asks what he means, Astral responds that Yuma is irritated about losing to Shark. Astral says that Shark is indeed a very talented Duelist, but that is not the only reason he won. Yuma again asks what he means and  Astral  says that Shark thoroughly studied Yuma's Deck and found the weakness of the "Numbers", but Yuma really knows nothing about Shark. Yuma thinks back to when Bronk speculated that something happened to Shark at Nationals and goes to do research on Shark. In the school library, Yuma and Tori goes on on the computer and find information, the article calls Shark the "tarnished champion candidate". They read that Shark was disqualified for peeking at his opponent's Deck before a Duel began. Tori says it's hard to believe that's why Shark was disqualified, but Yuma says it can't be true - the Duel he had with Shark was not with the type of person who would cheat like that. [65] 
 
         Shark partners up with Yuma.     
 After school, someone called  Weasel  runs up to them and says that 2 brothers in the gang Shark is affiliated with, is going to rob a powerful Deck in Heartland Museum and are going to place the blame on Shark. Despite  Tori 's complaints, Yuma heads to the Museum and is in time to stop Shark,  Scorch , and  Chills  from robbing the Museum and challenges them to a Duel if they win they can have "Utopia". Shark warned Yuma not to be concerned for him, but Yuma said he wouldn't leave him alone to steal the Deck. Yuma also pointed out that Scorch and Chills were just using him, that their hideout is not a place for him to stay, and that both Yuma and Shark are comrades. Shark then decides to Duel with Yuma against Scorch and Chills in a 2-on-2  Tag Duel . During the Duel, Yuma is amazed that Shark could Xyz Summon "Aero Shark" and inflict damage on his first turn, but Scorch Summons " Number 61: Volcasaurus " and with it destroys both their monsters and reducing them to 2400 and 1100 Life Points. Having all their moves countered and with the appearance of Chills' " Number 19: Freezadon ", which gave "Volcasaurus" its Overlay Units back, Shark and Yuma were pushed into a corner. [65] 
 Then Shark revealed what he had suspected  Scorch  and  Chills  were cheating by ordering their Decks so they would know what cards were in each others hands, so what they would draw, and they had rigged their  D-Pad 's Shuffle systems. When Chills tells Shark that he had cheated back at the  National Duel Circuit , who said it was because he was afraid of losing, then they start mocking him for it, but Yuma defends Shark. Yuma says there was nothing wrong with being afraid of losing, which is why he used "Numbers" when he Dueled Shark, unaware that Tori and  Bronk  were nearby listening. After Summoning "Utopia" and having it prevented from attacking by Chills's trap " Avalanche ", Yuma used its effect to protect Shark from attacks, which would have caused him to lose. After having "Utopia" and the newly Summoned " Black Ray Lancer " destroyed by "Volcasaurus", Shark narrowly avoids losing from a direct attack by using the trap " Final Offering ", ending the  Battle Phase  and giving Yuma a card needed to win.  [66] 
 
         Yuma and Shark during their Duel with  Scorch  and  Chills .     
 After eliminating  Chills  by forcing him to use his " Compensation Exchange " trap, which saved "Volcasaurus" by taking damage equal to its ATK, Yuma used "Monster Reborn" to bring back Shark's "Black Ray Lancer" and equip it with Shark's " Armored Xyz " he entrusted to him earlier. It allowed Yuma to give "Lancer" the properties of "Utopia", letting it destroy "Volcasaurus" and attack directly for the win. Bronk and Tori run up congratulating him for winning, and Yuma apologizes for lying. Bronk, with some urging from Tori, accepts the apology and asks for a Duel with him, which he happily accepts. Before Shark leaves, Yuma tries to return "Armored Xyz" to him, but Shark comments that his card was able to improve Yuma's game, allowing him to keep it. Yuma gets little annoyed being called a "no-good Duelist", making Shark smile and walk off as Yuma smiles and watches him. [66] 
 While at the shopping mall, a criminal takes several people hostages, and Yuma's  Duel Gazer  rings to have asks him where he was. Yuma tried to lie by saying he's still at school, but Kari knew he was there because she can see him on the news. Kari orders Yuma obtain her a scoop so she can be on the occurrence, but before he could get close to the scene,  Kite Tenjo  and  Orbital 7  caused time to freeze. Yuma and Astral wasn't affected by this and realized that they could move around in this frozen time. Yuma learned that a Duel was taking place and saw that the criminal is possessed by a "Number", he tries to get closer. Due to several blockages, Yuma arrives to finds the criminal, aged and continuously saying "Number Hunter". Yuma to figure out what happened, time start flowing again, and the  Heartland police  grab and attack him, which ends up on the news. [67] 
 
         Yuma facing two " Number " monsters.     
 Since  Astral  learn that there is someone else collecting "Numbers" just like them and can somehow stopped time, he warns Yuma that someone might come for them, but Yuma wasn't worry and it. At school,  Bronk  tells Yuma,  Tori , and  Caswell  that the neighboring city has built a new Duel plaza, and the group decides to go there next Sunday. On the way back from the Duel plaza, it starts to rain, but as Yuma and Tori are looking for shelter, a truck is about to hit Tori. Yuma shoves her, putting himself in the way, then time suddenly stops again and they hear the same whistling they heard in the mall. They find themselves confronting the  Number Hunter , who ties Yuma to a  Duel Anchor  stopping him from escaping and then Duel with their "Numbers" on the line. [67]  As Duel begins, Yuma watches as Kite has Summons " Number 10: Illumiknight " and " Number 20: Giga-Brilliant " and shortly after Summons his ultimate monster, " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ". [9] 
 
         Yuma feels he could never become a Duel Champion.     
 When  Orbital 7  the Kite tells him to extract every drop of Yuma's soul, and Yuma asks what he means, he learns that when Kite that when he collects a "Number", he steals the owner's soul. Yuma fights back with "Utopia" and "Leviathan Dragon", but the hunter overpowers Yuma. However just before he can deal the finishing blow on Yuma, the robot informs him that his  little brother  has collapsed, so the Hunter cancels the Duel. Kite breaks the Duel Anchor from Yuma and tells him that his name is "Kite Tenjo" and to remember it well, and leaves starting time again. As time resume, the truck that almost hit Yuma and Tori to drive past, splashing water all over him. Falling to the ground, Yuma begins cry out of anger from almost losing to Kite so easily and asks what is "kattobingu" and what's being a Duel Champion. Yuma says that this way he could never be a Duel Champion, and then cries out in frustration. Yuma then falls into a state of depression and with his pride was severely hurt. [9] 
 
         Haru Tsukumo  asks Yuma to go on an errand.     
 Shortly after Tori and Bronk inform Yuma of a tournament known as the  World Duel Carnival ,  Haru Tsukumo  convinces Yuma to go to a  Duel Sanctuary  to train in Dueling by asking him to do an errand. While there, Yuma Dueled the Sanctuary's master,  Roku , he learned about how the monsters go through during all Duels and that he'll become better for understanding their struggle. Eventually, Roku's old apprentice,  Kaze , appears and defeats the Roku, wanting to claim the Duel Sanctuary's Legendary Deck. However, Yuma interferes with his search and a Duel begins between them. Soon though, Kaze is revealed to have a "Number", " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja ". [54] 
 
         Yuma and his friends checking the Legendary Deck's cards.     
 After seeing his "Number" monster, Yuma begins to doubt his skills, but  Astral  tells him to believe in  Roku 's teachings, for they will lead to victory. With his and the monsters' feelings in mind, Yuma manages to defeat the "Number" monster and win. After being released from the "Number" and being accepted back to the Sanctuary, Kaze thanks Yuma. Kari, who was watching Yuma's Duel, realized how much he had grown through Dueling, and allowed him to do so, as long as he doesn't overdo it. Before he leaves, Roku gives Yuma the Duel Sanctuary's Legendary Deck and tells him to prepare for the World Duel Carnival as many strong Duelists will be participating. [68] 
 
         Yuma and Astral on strife.     
         Yuma challenges  Fortuno .     
 After putting together his new Deck, Yuma is prepared for the World Duel Carnival. However, Astral, still shaken up from his Duel with Kite, has his own doubts about it. Yuma eventually learns through a possessed Cathy that his friends are being held captive by  Fortuno , a servant of Kite. Astral, scared of losing, was against accepting the Duel, but Yuma eventually persuaded him and the two made off to face against Fortuno. Fortuno introduces himself as Kite's servant and tells him that Kite would be watching this Duel himself, scaring Astral, but not damaging Yuma's fiery spirit. [69] 
 
         Yuma and Astral perform a  Chaos Xyz Evolution .     
 Once their Duel got started,  Fortuno  Summoned " Number 16: Shock Master " and the two were against the wall. However, Yuma managed to defeat the "Number" monster only to be shocked when Fortuno Summons his other "Number" monster, " Number 11: Big Eye " and uses its effect to take control of Utopia. Also, throughout the Duel, Fortuno keeps sealing Yuma's Summons up to the point where they think there's nothing else they can do. Astral was frightened about losing, but when Fortuno offers Yuma the deal of handing his "Number" cards in exchange of his friends, Astral becomes willing to be sacrificed. Yuma refuses and when they eventually find out that the "Kite" watching them was nothing more than a statue, they once again gain hope. With a new power,  Chaos Xyz Evolution , Yuma and Astral both Xyz Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and defeat Fortuno. Astral then claims both "Numbers" and Yuma saved his friends with the latter thanking Astral. Annoyed, Yuma then walks off in a fit due to his friends ignoring him. [32] 
 One day at school,  Mr. Kay  tells Yuma's class that next Saturday is Visitor Day.  Bronk  asks  Tori  which of her parents is coming, then noticing Yuma is listening, and apologizes because his parents are absent. Yuma says its okay and he doesn't mind. When he arrives home, he notices both  Haru  and  Kari  have plans next Saturday, so he decides not to ruin their plans and not tell them about Visitor Day. At night, Yuma looks sadly at a picture of his parents before going to sleep. In the morning, Yuma overslept as usual and left the house in a hurry, not noticing he forgot  Emperor's Key . As Yuma was about to leave, he bump into Kari, who finds it strange that Yuma has classes on a Saturday, but Yuma was able to avoids her questions. While waiting at a crosswalk, Yuma notices he lost his key and skipped his classes to look for it. [22] 
 
         Yuma doing the 20-stacks challenge.     
 After looking it for a while, Astral asks Yuma about his parents and Yuma fondly tells him about his father and how he obtained the  Emperor's Key , and how he gave it to Yuma, teaching him the "kattobingu" challenge. After finding the key in his attic, Yuma goes back to school just in time for P.E. class. Yuma spend the time watching his friends jumping over boxes when Kari and Haru arrived, finding out about Visitor Day and realize that Yuma didn't tell them. Yuma was surprised, but happy when they cheer for him, who once again challenges jumping 20 stacks. Smiling, Yuma sees the stacks as a mountain, and seeing that his parents' spirits watching over him.  Astral  realizes everyone loves Yuma and cheers for him too, then Yuma leaps toward the boxes with his family and friends cheering him on. [22] 
 
         Yuma being "possessed" by  Number 96 .     
 After obtaining " Number 96: Dark Mist ", he and Bronk got into a fight over being reckless in the Duel. Yuma spend the next day ignoring Bronk at school, but also remembering the day they met and became friends. While Tori urged Yuma to make up with Bronk, Yuma told  Astral  that Bronk wasn't his friend, with the latter being right front of him. When Yuma tried to solve the situation, Bronk accidentally knocks the Emperor's Key, causing Number 96 to take control of Astral. Just before the evil "Number" fully takes control of Astral, he tells Yuma to give his "Utopia" to Bronk so that he can Duel Number 96, and free Yuma and Astral. During the Duel,  Number 96  manipulated and controls Yuma, who was forced to use his cards to Duel for it. On Astral's orders, Yuma pretended to be overtaken by 96 to fool it into destroying a card that Bronk could win without. Once Bronk re-Summoned Utopia, he managed to defeat Number 96 and frees Yuma and Astral from its control. [60] 
 After school one day, Yuma and his friends discover a duckling, which leads them to discover the  Litterbot  washed up on shore with the mother duck inside. After setting the mother duck free, Tori asks Yuma to fix the Litterbot, though Yuma had no clue of what to do. Due to one of the cables being severed, Tori helps by lending one of her heart pins to bind the cable, and Yuma was able reviving the broken Litterbot. After reviving, the Litterbot forms a bond with Yuma and follow him back to his house, to his dismay. After the Litterbot defeats Yuma in a Duel, the Litterbot takes Tori's ribbon and ties it on itself leading Tori to assume it's a girl Litterbot, naming it Lillybot, which Yuma shortens to  Lilly . Then Yuma and friends enjoy the day with Lilly - playing basketball, skateboarding, and beating both Yuma and Bronk in a Duel. At night, Yuma lets Lilly stays in Yuma's garage. Unknown to Yuma, the thief activates the control forcing Lilly to steal for him again, but not before she dropped one of her cards, which is " Star Light, Star Bright ". The following morning, after finding Lilly's card and Yuma discovers that Lilly is involved in the recent thefts in the city. Yuma and friends search for Lilly and confront the jewel thief. However, he manages to get away as Lilly causes distraction. Yuma Duels Lilly hoping that he can snap Lilly out of the thief's control. During the Duel, the thief triggers a 1-minute countdown to blow up the Litterbot, but Yuma successfully stopped the countdown by defeating Lilly. [42] 
 One night, Yuma learns from  Astral  about the structure and ship in the  Emperor's Key , making him fall out his hammock out of shock. Yuma questions Astral about the key, but Astral tells him that the structure looks like a giant puzzle and something might happen if the "Numbers" are collected. In the morning, Yuma was apparently late for school and was running through the hallways, having forgot he has swimming class today. At the pool, Yuma and  Caswell  get into an argument, who claimed his key is dangerous. Though Yuma says it isn't, Caswell insists and reminds him that Yuma's key hurts his head. Yuma decides to go to his locker and put the key there, wondering if Astral will be fine, but he decides to leave. Later, Yuma and his classmates discovers the locker room in a mess, and his  Emperor's Key  was stolen. Yuma searches frantically for it only to find that  Kite  and  Orbital 7  has the key with Astral still inside, and that Shark's soul was stolen. [50] 
 
         Orbital 7  misses Yuma.     
 After recruiting Mr. Kay to use a virus to find the location of  Kite Tenjo's laboratory , Yuma, along with Bronk, Tori, Cathy, and Caswell go there, only to find that the doors are sealed shut. As he is giving up hope, Tori slaps him, bringing him back to his senses and reminding him of " kattobingu ". The group begins to pull on the doors, only for them to open by Mr. Kay's bug. [23]  They go inside, looking for the Key, but are intercepted by  Orbital 5  and  Orbital 6 . Yuma kicks the former in the face, but is spurred on by his friends, who say they will distract the robots while he looks for the Key. He does find the area with the key, but the door is locked. He is unable to open it, but discovers a picture of Kite and  a mysterious young boy . After  Orbital 7  arrived, the door opened and the robot attacked Yuma, but got his drills get stuck in a wall, giving Yuma the chance to enter the lab and find his key. [56] 
 
         Yuma after  overlaying  with Astral during their Duel with Kite.     
 Yuma is called to  The Door  once again after his Deck begins to glow, with it telling him that, while he will lose his most precious thing as the price for the power it gave him, someone is interrupting their agreement, prompting him to fly through it and obtain the power of  ZEXAL . He sees Astral's Duel with Kite, and wanting to help, does jump through, to which Astral initiates an Xyz Summon, using the both of them as material. The two reappear as one, their bodies and souls overlaid together. Yuma continues the Duel in place of Astral, who tells him that their next draw would decide whether they won or lost. He calls out Shining Draw, getting the newly created " ZW - Unicorn Spear ", using it as an equip card on "Utopia Ray", giving it the ability to bypass the effects of "Galaxy-Eyes" and destroy it. Kite then uses his trap, " Photon Shock ", giving them both the damage from that battle, ending the Duel in a  DRAW . Yuma questions Kite as to why someone like him would do something as devilish as steal peoples' souls for the "Numbers", prompting him to say that he sold his soul to the devil long ago, and that his reasons were none of his concern Kite then gives Shark's soul back. The building begins to self-destruct and Yuma's friends waits outside for him, but think it too late after it explodes. Yuma appears from out of the rubble, with the Emperor's Key around his neck once again. While celebrating his safety and the return of the Key, he notices Kite flying away from the area. [56] 
 The next day, while running to school, time suddenly stopped, and only Yuma and Astral are able to move. Kite invaded Astral's memories, causing him to fly through the places where they Dueled so far. When time resumed again, Kite appeared telling him that they will settle their score in the WDC. [70] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 A few days before the  World Duel Carnival  starts, Yuma waited for his  Heart Pieces , but they didn't arrive as Yuma forgot to register online. When his friends reminded him, he quickly tried to register, but the registration time had already finished. Yuma panicky immediately ran into the Heartland office to ask for a Heart Piece, but the guards didn't let him enter until  Mr. Heartland  appeared and gave him a Heart Piece. Afterwards, with Yuma and Tori talks about how he can finally fulfill the promise he made with his father to become the Duel Champion.  Astral  tells Yuma that he must win since the tournament should have many  Number holders .  Yuma  tells Astral that he doesn't plan on just winning, causing Astral to asks Yuma why he doesn't plan on fully winning since that would mean Yuma wouldn't be fulfilling the promise he made with his father. Yuma explains to Astral that he has thought to himself for a long time about what Dueling means to him. Yuma tells him that ever since he met Astral, he started to win despite losing all the time before, but when he lost against  Shark  and  Kite , he understood that he could lose something important from losing for the first time, but he never hated Dueling despite it. [34] 
 
         Yuma tells  Astral  what Dueling means to him.     
 Yuma tells Astral that Dueling means bonds and connection to him, and that Dueling and fighting are different. Astral doesn't want to agree to him since he would disappear if he lost, but Yuma tells Astral that he understands how he feels and will do anything to save him. However, Yuma has realized that there is something more exceeding than winning and losing. Astral asks Yuma what he will do about Kite, where Yuma answers that he will lose his soul if he lost, but it won't change his mind when it comes to Dueling. Then Tori worries what would happen if Yuma really lost his soul, but Yuma tries to comfort Tori and promises to win the tournament. The day the WDC started, Yuma went to the opening ceremony and listens to Mr. Heartland explains the rules. Just after the Carnival starts,  Striker  hits Yuma in the face with a soccer ball filled with cards, challenging him to a Duel. [34] 
 
         Yuma under the effects of " Stadium of Dreams ".     
 Striker quickly reduces Yuma's Life Points and prevents him from attacking with his Soccer-themed Deck. During the Duel, Striker reveals that he used to play soccer in his older brothers' team, but Striker doesn't play as a team, so he quit the team and started Dueling instead. Yuma manages to win the Duel with his new  Xyz Monster , " Muzurhythm the String Djinn " and reminds Striker that he likes to play soccer and rejoins his brothers' team. Striker gives Yuma his Heart Piece, earning his first Heart Piece. [59] 
 
         Yuma VS Cody     
 Yuma's second opponent is  Cody Callus . Cody thinks that Dueling is only about power and uses  Digvorzhak, King of Heavy Industry ". Yuma proves him wrong by defeating him without using any Xyz Monsters, instead, he reduced his monster's ATK to 0 and destroyed it with " Kurivolt " who only has 300 ATK and inflicted effect damage. With Cody's defeat Yuma now has 3 Heart Pieces; however, so far, only two pieces fit together, meaning Yuma will still need to collect three more fitting pieces. [41]  His third opponent was  Anna Kaboom , who was always carrying a cannon with her, which also reflects in her Duels since she uses a beatdown strategy through effect damage. Even though Yuma defeated her, it was revealed she wasn't an actual participant in the tournament so she couldn't give him a  Heart Piece . As Anna flew away, she thought of Yuma and developed a crush on him, along with a feeling of hatred immediately after, because those thoughts distracted her, causing her to smash her head against the railroad and she blamed him for it. [71] 
 
Yuma's fourth opponent was  Tombo Tillbitty , who plays by the rules of " Basket Rule " meaning he had to pull a vegetable from a basket at random and eat it every time he wanted to attack. Yuma was not able to attack for most of the Duel because he pulled a tomato every time he was about to attack and he said he hated tomatoes until Tori said that if he lost she would force Yuma to eat his food and Duel meals with tomatoes every single day. Scared of the thought of it, Yuma forced himself to eat one and after that, he thought that Tombo's tomatoes were delicious. Yuma won the Duel by Summoning a new Xyz Monster " Melomelody the Brass Djinn " and using the effect of " Gagaga Girl " and gaining his fourth Heart Piece. [17]         Charlie McCay  vs Yuma.     His fifth opponent was  Charlie McCay , who plays cards with  Die roll  effects and possess " Number 7: Lucky Straight " that gives luck to the player who has it, so Charlie wins all the Duels he plays. Charlie also used the card to steal other cards and other things, among them being one of the  Numbers , " Big Eye ", so Yuma chased him and challenged him to a Duel on top of a train. [72]  Yuma defeated him because he "split the sun in two", as Charlie said that if the sun is split in two, the luck of "Lucky Straight" would run out. Yuma destroyed Charlie's " Sun Scale ", which symbolizes the sun, and then Summoned " Number 39: Utopia Ray " for the win. After that, Charlie returned the stolen Number card to Yuma and receiving "Lucky Straight" as well. [24] 
 During the second day of the WDC, Yuma and  Tori Meadows  went with  Bronk  and  Caswell  met with the Asian Champion,  Quattro , in a clearing for a Duel. Although Yuma was wary of Quattro due to Shark, Quattro seemed kind, Yuma changed his opinion of him until Quattro activated the card " Gimmick Box ", he showed his real face, which is cold and malicious. He started to make Caswell and Bronk suffer, causing Yuma to become angry. After the  Quattro 's win, Yuma challenged him to a Duel, but  Shark  arrives and challenged him too, but Quattro went away. [73]   Trey , who is Quattro's brother, challenged Shark to a Duel, and Yuma watched it. Throughout the Duel, Yuma worried about Shark, but cheered him on and was happy that he won. [74]  After the Duel, Yuma is irritated by whats going on with Shark and Quattro, and angrily says "Dueling isn't a tool for revenge!". 
 
         Yuma defeats  Cameron .     
 Despite Tori's attempts to take his mind off it, Yuma snaps at her for trying to cheer him up, in which  Tori  walks away hurt. After a request from his sister to look for a Duelist named  Cameron Clix , he wonders where Tori went, and Astral clarifies that he said some hurtful things to her, which he denies. Upon running into Cameron, they Duel, with Tori's life at stake due to Cameron's prediction with his photo. When Cameron Summoned his "Number" card, Yuma was pushed into a corner. [39]  However, Astral told Yuma to ignore the photos Cameron showed him. By doing so, Yuma was able to Summon "Utopia Ray" and win the Duel. Unfortunately, this didn't stop the prediction of Tori's fate, but  Kite  and  Orbital 7  showed up and managed to safely put the ship on the ground, which Yuma thanked him for. With Tori safe, Yuma got his fourth Heart Piece and " Number 25: Force Focus ". [75] 
 
         Yuma VS Nistro & Dextra     
 Later, he Duels  Nistro  and  Dextra  in  Flip 's place, as Flip collected Heart Pieces using his "tricky ideas" until Nistro and Dextra found out. He Duels without the help of  Astral , as Astral is being cornered inside the   Emperor's Key  by  Number 96 , he is unable to use the  Numbers  and is struggling against the teamwork of Nistro and Dextra. [76]  As the Duel continues, their combination overpowered Yuma and drastically lowered his  Life Points . On an attempt to turn the Duel around, Yuma managed to Summon "Utopia", surprising Nistro and his partner as he holds a " Number " card. After noticing their " Photon " cards, Yuma identifies them as being affiliated with Kite, and told them that he has Dueled Kite before. Unable to counterattacked, Yuma gave up hope when they reduced him to 100 Life Points, but  Astral  returned and was briefly visible to everyone watching the Duel - revealing to Nistro and Dextra he is in possession of the Original Number. With Astral's help, Yuma execute a winning move and won the Duel. [28] 
 Afterwards, Yuma gather together with  Tori ,  Flip , and  Bronk , who tells how  Caswell  is doing. Flip comments that Yuma is the only one left in their group to be in the WDC while  Astral  reminds him that the remaining contestants in the WDC are quite the competition as only strong people remain. Then,  Cathy  appears behind Yuma and shows him that she gather three  Heart Pieces . Yuma congratulates her on getting the Heart Pieces, and then shows her the four that he's collected. Suddenly, a dog snatched Yuma's Heart Pieces and ran off, but Cathy uses her ability with cats to search for dog's whereabouts for him. When managing to locate where the dog had gone, Yuma was shocked when a dog, named  Roscoe  spoke to the gang. After Cathy challenged the dog to a Duel, Yuma watches anxiously since his Heart Pieces are on the line. Yuma was shocked when the talking dog was revealed to actually be a little girl named  Pip . As the Duel continues, Yuma sees Pip growing nervous and encourage her to "kattobingu" and his friends follows suit. Yuma cheers for Pip when she managed to win the Duel, but remembers his Heart Pieces were on the line. As the sun begins to set, Yuma stop sulking after Pip gave him back his stolen Heart Pieces. [77] 
 
         Yuma being held by Nistro     
 Later at night, Yuma encounters  Hart Tenjo  wondering the streets, and bear witness of his power. Upon Astral's request, Yuma takes Hart to his home and formed a friendship with him. When Hart wonders out in the night, Yuma went after him, but notice that Hart was beginning to panic when they noticed the helicopter. On Astral's advice, Yuma quickly gave Hart a caramel and promised to take him to see his brother Kite, which calms him down, and then found out the helicopter which was piloted by  Quinton . Quinton brainwashes Hart and takes him in his helicopter as Yuma yells Hart's name as it flew away. [78]  Walking home, Yuma was confronted by  Nistro  and  Dextra , which Yuma kicked the former in the crotch in order to escape from his gripped. Yuma and  Kite  agreed to teamed up to find him and break into an abandoned gallery, beginning a  Tag Duel  against  Trey  and  Quattro . [5] 
 
         Yuma and  Kite  vs.  Trey  and  Quattro .     
 As the Duel begun, Kite used his  field spell , which injured everyone else, including Yuma. Yuma got upset that Kite would hurt his own partner, but  Astral  reminded him that they were there to save Hart. As the Duel continued, Yuma tried to protect Kite, while playing his "Number", "Utopia", much to Trey, Quattro and Quinton's surprise, but it is destroyed by " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ". [6]  Nonetheless, Yuma fights back using " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", but Quattro manages to stop the damage from the attack and play " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings ", much to Yuma's shock. After Kite was on the verge of defeat, Yuma told him to stand up, because if he didn't, Yuma asks him who else would protect Hart. Upon seeing Kite's new energy enveloping him, he lets him sacrifice his monsters and unleash " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", which wins them the Duel. [79]  Afterwards, Yuma learns from  Quinton  that his  father  is still alive in  Astral World . Although he decides to go there in hopes to find his father, he is stopped by Tori and his family along with  Roku . Yuma decides to Duel Roku so he can leave. Despite faring well, he recklessly disregards Roku's face-down " Mirror Force ", which destroys all his monsters, and is then finished off by " Arcana Knight Joker ". After some words from Roku, he comes to his senses, realizing he shouldn't run away or abandon Dueling. [80] 
 During the next day, Yuma was ready to leave his house while lamenting how Roku was gone when he woke up. However, his grandmother assure him that Roku left relief that Yuma has chosen his path, which left him wondering what path he has taken.  Kari  said it is him winning the  World Duel Carnival  and becoming champion. Touched by his family's support, Yuma hurries outside to find his friends all gather to cheer him on. While walking, Yuma proclaimed on about winning anyone in the finals, but stopped and wonder about his path he choose again.  Astral  said that he shared Yuma's confusion, and reminds Yuma about others -  Kite ,  Hart ,  Shark , and his  father  - whom he all wants to save. Yuma includes Astral too and say that he won't lose to anyone no matter what, making Astral smile. Yuma notice his friends listening, and said that he'll find a way to make everybody happy. When Yuma show his friends that he needs only one more  Heart Piece , they started to search for a weak Duelist for Yuma, to his annoyance. Later,  Flip  calls Yuma to a plaza, where he happily finds  Nelson Andrews  as "The Sparrow" Dueling against  Nistro , where both Duelists are also happy to see him. Throughout the Duel, Yuma watches in awe and cheers for both sides. The Duel gets him excited, and spend most of his time bantering with Astral about Nistro, Nelson, and the moves they played. After Nelson lost, Yuma goes up to him and was happy that he had fun. He was little surprised, but touched when Nelson thanked Yuma for teaching him that Dueling was for fun. When Nistro came to them, Yuma finds out the he enter the WDC in order to Duel against him, and Nistro tells Yuma that he will be waiting in the finals. Yuma then listen to Nelson explaining how he can make others happy through Dueling and hearing Nelson's encouragements, Yuma thanks him for helping him realized his path and promised that he will always " kattobingu ". [81] 
 Later, Yuma can't find anyone to Duel against and desperately searches for an opponent. However, Yuma encounters a fallen Duelist and learned how violent Shark has became. Yuma found Shark at a construction site and tried to questions his behavior. When he tried to leave, Yuma challenges Shark to a Duel, which he accepts. However, Yuma doesn't make any attempts to attack Shark and let him take his anger out on him. Once Shark realize this, Yuma's plan succeed and manage to make the "Number"'s darkness over Shark disappeared. After Yuma reaffirm his friendship with Shark, Yuma gets a call from his grandma to learn that  Trey  was at his house. Despite initial hostility, Yuma ends up befriending Trey, who was amazed by the artifacts in Yuma's room that his  father  found. After spending part of the day with Yuma and his family, Trey remembers how his family used to be and challenges Yuma to a Duel, who wished to know Trey's feelings and talk more. [82] 
 
         Yuma regains " kattobingu ".     
 During the Duel, Yuma tried to reason with Trey and shocked by his sudden change in personalty. Trey then uses his new powers to erase Yuma's memories of " kattobingu " and his father's teachings. Due to the power of Trey's  Crest , Yuma is unable to see  Astral  or the  Emperor's Key . [55]  Without his "kattobingu", Yuma also becomes weak and cowardly, and wants to surrender the Duel. Trey refused to let Yuma quit the Duel and brutally attacked him, causing Yuma to nearly fell off the highway until his friends saved him. With some help from his  father  inside the Emperor's Key and Astral's bit of power, Yuma was released from Trey's influence and regained ability to see the key and Astral. Upon returning to normal, Yuma learned that Trey destroyed Astral, which makes him mad and cried for his friend. Remembering the lessons Astral taught him, Yuma proceeds to use "Utopia" and later "Utopia Ray", but Trey counters with " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ". [43] 
 
         Trey giving Yuma his  crest 's power.     
 Trey uses the Trap Card " Final Prophecy " to protect "Atlandis", but doesn't realize that the card opens a portal to  Barian World . Trey's Crest starts damaging his body, but Yuma manages to convince Trey to work together with him to revive Astral. Using the  ZEXAL  power, Yuma and Astral performed a Shining Draw - " ZW - Phoenix Bow ", and equipping it to "Utopia Ray", Yuma defeated Trey. and "Atlanto". After Yuma's victory over Trey, Trey gives Yuma his "Numbers" and a  Heart Piece  and leaves asking Yuma to save his  family . Obtaining Trey's Heart Piece and two "Numbers", Yuma completed his Heart Pieces and advances to the WDC finals. [83] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 After Yuma advanced to the finals, he goes to the finals party and brought his friends along, but forgets his invitation.  Flip  helps him and his friends sneak into the party, but they get caught again.  Nistro  appears and helps them get into the party, vouching for the fact that Yuma is a finalist. During the party, Yuma noticed  Kite  talking to  Quinton  and tried to reach them, but to no avail and then tried looking for  Shark . After  Vetrix  interrupted  Mr. Heartland 's speech and revealed himself, Yuma realized that he is the one Trey was talking about during their Duel. After Flip's antics cause a mess at the party, Yuma found Kite on his way out and asked how  Hart  was. Kite told him not to concern himself with that and focus on the confrontation the two will surely have in the finals. Yuma agreed, only to hear Kite telling him that it's not Yuma he's looking forward to defeating - it's Astral, much to Yuma's annoyance. Despite this, he smiles as Kite leaves. [35] 
 
         Yuma on the  Duel Coaster  with Tori and Astral     
 On the morning of the Finals, Yuma sleept outside the stadium, so as not to be late again. Upon boarding his  Duel Coaster , he realized he forgets his  Heart Pieces , which are required to start the Coaster. Yuma's  sister  and his friends worked together to get his Heart Pieces to him, and he started the course, with Tori in the passenger seat next to him by mistake. He noticed many of the Duels and the quick victories of the other Finalists. Yuma was then cornered by the  Triad of Terror  and forced into a Duel formation, making a 3 on 1  Battle Royal  against him. [36]  However,  Anna , and her sacrifice as well as  Nistro 's interference, Yuma was able to defeat the Triad of Terror, but his Life Points were reduced to 600 in the process. [33] 
 Yuma entered the underground sector and realized that only 8 Duelists can go to the  Duel Fields , so he rushes to find someone but doesn't realize a Trap point. The Trap  threw a boxing glove  that punches him and inflicted 200  damage  to him twice. Yuma then encountered another trap point, and slowed down in desperation. The trap card, " The Paths of Destiny ", still activated. Yuma tossed a coin for its effect, and since the coin landed on heads, Yuma recoverd 2000 Life Points. He then proceeds to save Nistro who was about to be eliminated by  Quinton . Yuma guided Nistro to "The Paths of Destiny" and told him to use it to recover his Life Points. Yuma left Nistro but once again ran into the boxing glove Trap, but this time it punched Tori, angering her. [1] 
 
         Yuma vows to defeat Vetrix.     
 Later, Yuma unintentionally drove his  Duel Coaster  car into Jungle Field where  Dextra  and  Vetrix  are Dueling. At first during the Duel, Yuma has faith that Dextra will win against Vetrix, given the advantage she has. However, Vetrix manages to pull himself out and beat Dextra with only 100 Life Points. After Vetrix removes her memories of Kite and leaves her emotionally scarred, Yuma vows to Duel Vetrix for her sake. [40] 
 
         Yuma angry at Kite for showing no concern for  Dextra .     
 After the Duel, Yuma and Tori ran into  Orbital 7 , who was looking for  Kite  and crashed into his Duel Coaster. Remembering Dextra's request, Yuma told Orbital to show him the way to Kite and found him Dueling with  Quinton  at the " Space Field ". Upon crashing into the field, Yuma relaid his message to Kite about Dextra after her Duel with Vetrix, and got angry with him after he shrugged it off. Afterwards, Quinton told the story of what happened to  Yuma 's father and how he was connected to Kite's father  Dr. Faker  and Quinton's own father. [25]  Yuma stayed to watch the Duel between Quinton and Kite, and cheered Kite on. Yuma's actions were questioned by Quinton, who pointed out that Kite is Faker's son, and Faker betrayed Kazuma - and he is a Number Hunter who will hunt Yuma as well. Yuma said he knows that, but adds that he has Dueled Kite and that means they are friends, and Kite is also his goal. After Kite successfully defeated Quinton, Yuma conversed with Astral on how Vetrix and Dr. Faker's plans began as Astral came to his world. Yuma concludes that his father wanted him and Astral to stop them, and proclaimed he will fight against those "stubborn adults". [26] 
 
         Yuma urges Kite on.     
 While on his  Duel Coaster , Yuma muttered about defeating Vetrix and Dr. Faker, and expressed his anger on how they used their sons as tools. After Astral told Yuma that he felts a strong pulse coming from the left side - the same one given off by the crests of Trey and Quinton - Yuma headed off towards that direction in hopes of finding Vetrix. However, Yuma wandered into the field where  Shark  and  Quattro  were having their Duel instead. Yuma cheered Shark on and worried for him as he Summoned " Number 32: Shark Drake ". When Vetrix appeared before Yuma, he listened to Vetrix explaining his plans concerning Shark. While watching Shark suffer under Quattro's combo of " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings " and " String of Destiny ", Yuma tried to save Shark and urged them to stop the meaningless fighting, but was restrained by Vetrix's chains from  Barian World . Yuma continued to rant, saying that those who Duel become friends - and that Dueling should not be used to hurt people. Vetrix compared Yuma to his father, saying he always talked of bonds and making people happy as well. He then tried to convince Yuma to take revenge on Dr. Faker what what happened to Kazuma, hoping to spread more darkness. Yuma claimed he wouldn't forgive Vetrix's actions instead. Vetrix was pleased, saying that darkness was born in Yuma's heart via his anger and urged him to hate both him and Faker. [84] 
 
         Yuma chained up by Vetrix.     
 When Shark turned the tide with " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss ", the chains were broken and Shark won the Duel. After Quattro left through a portal, Shark told Yuma he would not forgive him if he got in the way, which only made Yuma more determined to reach the finals. [85] 
 
         Nistro shakes hands with Yuma and wishes him luck.     
 Afterward, while thinking about the Duels he witnessed, Yuma carelessly ran into a " Cemetary Bomb " Trap Point, reducing his Life Points to 100. Finally arriving to the " Desert Field " field, Yuma began his Duel against  Nistro . Wanting a fair fight against Yuma, Nistro activates  Heroic Gift ", that restoring Yuma's Life Points to 4000. This also let Nistro draw two cards, which he claimed as the reason for activating it. However, Yuma was still shaken up from seeing the other Duels,  and played more defensively, which disappointed Nistro.  Astral  tells him he can't win the way he's playing now and that Yuma is afraid, but Yuma rebuffed him and continue playing his way. After Nistro told Yuma must come at him with his true Dueling, Yuma realized he must bet everything on this Duel. Returning to his usual offensive style, Yuma began to Duel to Nistro's expectations. Midway through the Duel, racks of the Duel Coaster abruptly end and they flung onto the ground below, and the field switched to " Sunset Showdown ". Accepting Nistro's wish to finish the battle using their respective  ace monsters , Yuma Summons " Number 39: Utopia " through the effect of Nistro's " Xyz Xtreme !! ". Using his " Double or Nothing! " combo, Yuma increased the ATK of "Utopia" and defeated " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ", thus winning him the Duel. Yuma and Nistro exchanged words, with the latter giving the former "Excalibur" and wishing him luck in the finals [2] 
 
         Dr. Faker  appears before Yuma and Astral.     
 That night, Yuma celebrated his making it to the semifinals with his friends and family at his house. While eating and proclaiming he would become Duel Champion with his Deck, Yuma noticed his Deck was missing and panicked. Tracking his Deck through  Heartland City ,  Caswell  told Yuma his Deck was in  Heartland , which prompted Yuma to bang at the doors. After many failed attempts, Yuma infiltrated Heartland by being "recycled" by the  Litterbots  along with Tori and  Bronk . Successfully entering  Heartland Tower , Yuma learned from Astral that Hart was here and decided to go see him. After letting his friends handle a  security robot , Yuma and Astral entered Hart's room. Yuma talked to a comatose Hart about still being in the  World Duel Carnival  and his goals. Tearing up, Yuma began to blame himself for letting Hart fall into Vetrix's hands. Yuma's teardrop dripped into Hart's face and was transported into Hart's mind with Astral. Here, Yuma and Astral listened to Hart's request to save his brother, Kite, and then were transported back into the room. Conversing with Astral, Yuma was unsure what to do with Hart and the " Numbers ". Then, an oversized hologram of  Dr. Faker  confronted them, and Yuma learned Dr. Faker's goal to rule the Earth. Being dropped through a hole, Yuma met up with his friends and got his Deck back. The next day, the semifinals began, and Yuma was matched-up with Shark. In a hallway leading to the arena, Yuma told Astral he would become champion for sure and vowed to resolve everything himself and runs out. [2] 
 
         Yuma suffering the dark aura of the "Chaos Number".     
 Upon entering the  Duel Tower , Yuma noticed there was something wrong with Shark as he made no attempt to defend against his attacks, which caused him to easily reduce Shark's Life Points. When Shark began to counterattack, Yuma realized that Vetrix influenced him, and his Life Points were quickly dropped. [10]  While trying to bring Shark back to his senses, Yuma held out until he finally managed to Summon "Utopia", which he needed to fulfill his plan. He attacked with "Utopia",  negated  his own attack and activated " Rivals Unite ", which gave him control of Shark's "Shark Drake Veiss", allowing Shark to recover from Vetrix's influence, but forcing himself to suffer the darkness from "Shark Drake Veiss", which was more potent than that of a regular "Number". Yuma had a way to get rid of "Shark Drake Veiss" by  Tributing  "Rivals Unite" with " Traplin ", but that would make the "Number" possess Shark again. However, Yuma knew if he didn't, he'd have to take the effect of " Heraldry Catastrophe ", which could defeat "Utopia" and make Astral disappear. Shark, who could not stand watching Yuma in pain, activated " Underwater Snow Prison ",  banishing  "Shark Drake Veiss" and causing himself to take 1000 damage, giving Yuma the win. After the Duel, Shark reminded Yuma that he was a good friend and thanked Yuma for saving him. As Shark was flown off to the hospital, Yuma vowed to inherit Shark's will and win against Vetrix. [44] 
 Later, Yuma met up with  Kite  as he was entering the arena for his match with Vetrix, telling him not to lose as they have a score to settle with each other. With Kite's permission, he hopped onto the platform to watch the Duel close up. During the Duel, Yuma started to notice that Kite seems to be physically in pain because of the  Photon Transformation , and asked  Orbital 7  if anything is wrong with Kite. He is then excited to see Kite attempt a  One Turn Kill  move with " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and " Number 9: Dyson Sphere , but was surprised on Vetrix being able to negate the attack and destroy "Dyson Sphere" with " Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage ". When Vetrix revealed his face as Hart, he offered to severe the connection between Vetrix and Hart so Kite can concentrate on the Duel. He then hopped onto Orbital 7 in glider mode and flew to Hart. [7]  Yuma invaded Heartland Tower and managed to enter Hart's mind to find Vetrix appearing in the form of a dragon. Yuma slew it with "Utopia", severing Hart's connection to Vetrix and allowing Kite to continue the Duel. Yuma continued to watch the Duel through a screen, until he saw Kite cornered by Vetrix and " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " and rushed back to the Duel Tower. When he arrived, Kite had just lost the Duel and his "Numbers" to Vetrix. Yuma ran to the comatose Kite and unsuccessfully tried to wake him up. [8] 
 
         Yuma during his Duel against Vetrix.     
 Having advanced to the final match, Yuma goes against Vetrix in the  Sphere Field , which would allow  Dr. Faker  to gather the energy of the " Numbers " Vetrix and Yuma would wield, as its  effect  allowed "Numbers" to be easily Summoned. Yuma confronted Vetrix about his sons' fates, and he revealed the price they paid by wielding  crests , while telling Yuma how it was his father whose words inspired him to survive. Yuma told Vetrix of his promise to Trey to save his family, and would fight for Vetrix's sake as well. When Vetrix queried Yuma did not want revenge on Faker, Yuma insisted his father would not want that, but Vetrix suggested that perhaps his father's own plans of revenge had already begun - the appearance of  Astral  in this world. The Duel began, and using the " Sphere Field " effect, Yuma Summoned " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja " to destroy Vetrix's " Number 56: Goldrat ". Vetrix responded by bringing out three "Numbers" in a single turn - " Number 10: Illumiknight ", " Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction " and "Genome Heritage". Yuma survived via the effect of "Armor Ninja" and " Half Guard " and was able to match Vetrix's move by Summoning " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", " Number 34: Terror-Byte " and "Utopia". [11] 
 
         Yuma about to perform a second "Shining Draw".     
Using his "Numbers", Yuma managed to destroy all of Vetrix's "Numbers", putting him at a disadvantage. However, Vetrix made a comeback by Summoning "Heraldry Crest", which absorbed the effects of all of Yuma's "Numbers" and reduced him to 500 Life Points. Using the power of  ZEXAL , Yuma and Astral then performed a  Chaos Xyz Evolution  and Summoned " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and equipped it with " ZW - Lightning Blade ".When they attacked with "Utopia Ray, the effect of "Heraldry Crest" negated the attack, but Yuma survived with the effect of "Lightning Blade". [12]           The Sphere Field takes Yuma's "Numbers".     Yuma narrowly survived Vetrix's next attack by using " Half Unbreak ", and proceeded to use the power of ZEXAL again to perform the "Final Shining Draw" and equip "Utopia Ray" with " ZW - Tornado Bringer ". Vetrix evaded this move with " Heraldry Burst ", but Yuma was able to  overlay  his two " ZW - " monsters to Xyz Summon " ZW - Leo Arms ". Using its effect, Yuma was able to negate the effects of "Heraldry Crest" and boost the ATK of "Utopia Ray" enough to defeat Vetrix and was named the "Duel Champion" of the WDC. Faker absorbed the "Numbers" of both players within the Sphere Field and nearly absorbed the Duelists themselves. Yuma wielded "Lightning Blade" with his own hands and saved Vetrix, similar to when his father tried to save Vetrix once before. Vetrix was confused as to why Yuma rescued him and Yuma insisted that everybody can change, and that his family needed him. After Vetrix released the souls he captured, he let go of Yuma's hand and thanked Yuma for all he had done as he fell into the core, much to Yuma's horror. Yuma wass then captured into the Sphere Field and transported to Heartland Tower in front of Faker. [21] 
 While trapped in the Sphere, Yuma learned of Faker's purpose of the  WDC  to gather " Number " cards for the  Sphere Field Cannon  as a power source. Angered by all the problems Faker has caused, Yuma tries to punch him, but Faker revealed his appearance in the Sphere Field was just a hologram. As Yuma became exhausted by being in the Sphere Field., Astral apologized to him, saying it's all his fault since he wasn't strong enough. Yuma denied it, and responded that Hart needs saving more than he does right now. When power suddenly drops, Yuma feels relieved and was surprised to see his rescuers Kite, Shark, and Tori. When Astral undoes ZEXAL, Yuma was given "Utopia" and "Shark Drake" and was told to save Hart and  Astral World . Astral then managed to eject Yuma from the Sphere Field and reunit with his friends. Faker appeared in person then and Yuma gave Shark "Shark Drake", asking he and Kite to lend him their power. Yuma challenged Dr. Faker while the three Duelists hold their ace cards high in the air. [86] 
 
         Yuma, Shark and Kite Duel Dr. Faker.     
 As the Duel began, Yuma took the first turn for the group and instantly Summoned "Utopia". Despite Shark and Kite's warnings about Faker's plans, Yuma recklessly declared an attack on " Number 53: Heart-eartH ", whose effect allowed it to gain attack equal to the attacking monster. Yuma countered with "Double or Nothing!", but the further effects of "Heart-eartH" made this useless and even recovered Faker's Life Points. On Shark and Kite's turns, Yuma lets them use his "Utopia" that was equipped with Shark's " Shield Fin " to inflict 5600 damage to Dr. Faker between the turn. When they thought Kite had defeated Dr. Faker, Yuma was shocked to see Dr. Faker had Summoned another "Number" after the dust from the destruction of "Heart-eartH" cleared [87] 
 As the Duel continued, Faker's new "Number", " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon " continued to torment the trio, even banishing Yuma's "Utopia Ray". As Shark and Kite's turns came, Yuma worries for them as their injuries worsen, even though they told Yuma not to. When Kite managed to Summon " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", he reduced Dr. Faker down to 150 Life Points. After the attack, Dr. Faker came clean about his actions and why he committed them. After revealing it was  a being  from  Barian World  who ordered him to do such things in order to save Hart, Yuma, Kite and Shark decided to go after Barian World. However, the Barian in question emerged from a portal and possessed Dr. Faker, continuing the Duel by resurrecting "Heart-eartH Dragon". [88] 
 
         Yuma challenges Kite to a Duel.     
 As Yuma and his friends were pushed into a corner by the Barian, Hart was able to free Astral, who then fuses with Yuma with ZEXAL. Yuma draws " ZW - Ultimate Shield " and Normal Summons it, bringing back "Utopia Ray", "Shark Drake Veiss" and "Neo Galaxy-Eyes", before equipping it to "Utopia Ray". With the power of Kite's "Neo-Galaxy Eyes" and Shark's "Shark Drake Veiss", the ATK of "Utopia Ray" rose to 16600 and defeated the Barian. As Heartland Tower began to collapse, Yuma went after Kite, who was trying to save Faker off a ledge. Yuma was able to grab the end of Kite's  Duel Anchor , but struggled to keep the two from falling. When Faker asked why Yuma is helping him, Yuma said he doesn't like Faker, but realized he was just trying save Hart, making Faker be reminded of Kazuma. Unexpectedly, Vetrix appeared from a portal, saying Faker committed "many sins", Yuma pleads with Vetrix to abandon his revenge. Vetrix appeared to use his crest to destroy the ledge, but he proceed to then transport the group back outside Heartland. Afterwards, Yuma said that he hasn't received his prize for becoming champion of the WDC, and reveals his wish to have one last Duel with Kite, saying they still have a score to settle. Kite happily accepted Yuma's request to determine the "true" winner of the World Duel Carnival. [27] 
 Later, Yuma expressed his excitement to Duel Kite again to Astral, recalling all the times when they Dueled and their  Tag-Team Duel . Once Kite arrived, Yuma starts the Duel, and the two exchange blows on equal ground. Throughout the Duel, Yuma shows much fun he's having and comments on Kite's Dueling. When Kite was about give up, Yuma tried to cheer Kite up and encouraged him to continue. [45]  While Yuma was able to match Kite evenly, and was able to Summon both "Utopia" and "Utopia Ray" to his field, he was eventually defeated by Kite. However, Yuma was okay with the loss and told Kite that he will beat him one day. Afterwards, Yuma collapsed from the exhaustion and began to nap, muttering " kattobingu " in his sleep. [89] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Barian Invasion 
         Yuma leaves Astral and the "Numbers" behind.     
 After the  WDC  ended, Yuma had a dream about  The Door  again, which told him the someone will take Yuma's most important thing away from him. As the ground crumbled, Yuma woke up in class, falling out of his desk. As Yuma talked to his friends, girls from the upper grades surrounded him. Yuma enjoyed the attention from the girls, but was disgusted when they only requested for him to help them get other WDC participants' autographs. While walking home, Yuma encountered Shark and requested a Duel, but the latter declined in order to visit his sister. When  Girag  arrived in  Heartland , Yuma was able to sense him as Shark got a call from the hospital about  Rio Kastle . Yuma went to the hospital with Shark to hear Rio muttering about someone coming to take something important. This reminded Yuma of his dream, and he realized that his important thing that would be taken away could be  Astral . Yuma then got a call from  Bronk 's  Duel Gazer , but was shocked to find a Barian-brainwashed  Fender , who told him to meet him at  Heartland Academy  to Duel with the " Numbers " at stake. Fearing Astral would be in danger, Yuma gave the  Emperor's Key  to Tori and ran off to school to Duel Fender. When the Duel began, Yuma was able to lower Fender's Life Points to 2500, but Fender used " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " to Summon his " CXyz " monster, " CXyz Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral ", pushing him into a corner. [46]  Struggling against Fender and "Angeneral", Yuma was about to give up since he could not think of a way to win the Duel. However, after Tori showed up and returned the  Emperor's Key  to Yuma, he and Astral were able to make a comeback using a combination of " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and " Numbers Impact ". Afterwards, Yuma discussed the upcoming battle against the  Barian World  with  Kite  and  Shark , with Yuma believing that the three of them can overcome the Barians. [90] 
 
         Yuma meets  Ray Shadows  on the way to school.     
 While racing with Bronk to school, Yuma ended up crashing to the ground because of a cat, and then he got bumped into by  Ray Shadows . Yuma was surprised when he learned that Ray was a fan of his and found his overzealous admiration disturbing. Yuma was then forcefully dragged by Ray over the city to make it to school, which ended up tiring Yuma out and caused them to be late for class. During lunch, Yuma complained about Ray and then learns that pro-Duelist  Devon Knox  was visiting the school for lessons. Yuma was eager to Duel Devon, but finds out he couldn't since he is banned from attending his special lesson (in the dub, Yuma forgot to sign up for it). Later, Ray promised to get a Duel from Devon on Yuma's behalf and ran off, with Yuma following him. When Yuma saw that a Barian-brainwashed Devon brutally defeated Ray, Yuma immediately began a Duel with him. At first, Yuma played defensively to withstand Devon's aggressive strategy. Even by Summoning " Number 34: Terror-Byte ", Yuma was pushed into a corner, but Yuma was able to Summon "Utopia Ray" and defeat Devon. Afterwards, Yuma was exhausted and accepted Ray's offer to carry him on his back. Yuma officially befriended Ray and was then carried off by a running Ray while hanging off his back and screaming. [91] 
 While at school, Yuma slept through the voting of class representative, with him being against  Caswell . Unknown to Yuma, Ray was the one who nominated him, and won 20 to 19. When Tori woke him up, Yuma expressed no interest in being class representative, but changed his mind once his classmates voiced their support to him. During lunch, Yuma slept through it and missed hearing about Caswell becoming "Special Disciplinary Commander". Caswell and the rest of the disciplinary members started enforcing harsh rules on the students, especially Yuma. When Yuma had enough, he confronted the Student Council President,  Carlyle Chesterton , and challenged him to a Duel to get rid of the rules. However, Yuma was forced to play by the school's rules, such as returning his " Gagaga " monsters back to the hand for "breaking" the school dress code, rendering him incapable of damaging Carlyle. When Yuma convinced Caswell to throw away the role of disciplinary commander, Yuma was able to play normally, but then found out Carlyle was under the control of the Barian World. Carlyle Summoned " CXyz Simon the Great Moral Leader ", but Yuma managed to bring out Utopia and win the Duel. Afterwards, Yuma talked to Ray about giving his role as class president back to Caswell since he was more suited for the role. [92] 
 
         Yuma watching the Duel over his Duel Gazer.     
 After school, Yuma was talking to his friends when  Art Stanley , head of the  Comic Book Appreciation Club , asked to be a model for his manga. Art showed Yuma his drawing of Yuma as a super hero, which made Yuma very ecstatic. When Art asked Yuma's about his "weakness", Yuma only replied he doesn't have one. After witnessing Shark being rude to Art, Yuma walked over to Shark and lightly commented on how harsh Shark was, but Shark simply said that he was stating the truth. Later, Yuma went to pay a visit to  Rio Kastle  with Tori and Ray, but encountered Shark who told them that his sister is missing. When a Barian-brainwashed Art appeared and challenged Shark to a Duel, Yuma watched and cheered Shark on. As Shark was losing due to Art threatening Rio, Yuma and Ray went to search for Art's sketchbook in hopes to find his weakness. At school, Yuma found Art's manga about his Duel and informed Shark over his  Duel Gazer  that it ended with Shark losing and Rio not being saved. Yuma encouraged Shark to keep fighting for his sister, and cheered when he finally won over his Duel Gazer. The next day, Yuma and his friends looked at a normal Art's drawing of a samurai-hero Shark, which Yuma thought was cool. When Yuma asked for his character drawing, Art showed him a drawing of Yuma as a weak commoner, where he was not the hero. When his friends and Astral teased him about it, Yuma expressed his annoyance by jumping into the air and yelling that he never got to be the main character. [93] 
 
At school, Yuma found Shark sneaking around in a panicked state and asked if it was the Barians again, but it turned out he was simply avoiding his sister, Rio. When Rio went up to her brother, Yuma and his friends properly met Rio for the first time. During lunch, Yuma and his friends listened to Rio talk about her brother and found out Shark mentioned him to her. When Rio pronounced " kattobingu " wrong, Yuma showed some annoyance, but they were interrupted by a large group of boys who wanted Rio as their manager for their club. As Rio defeated all the clubs with ease, Yuma showed great awe towards "Shark's sister" and was very impressed by her skills. After Rio beat the basketball team, Yuma asked why Rio go so far at things. Rio told him she only did it so she could be strong for Shark. When Rio was invited to the  Floral Design Club , Yuma and his friends tagged along and met the leader,  Lotus Hanazoe . Lotus was able to put Yuma's friends to sleep with hypnosis, but Yuma was able to stay awake thanks to  Astral .          Yuma angering  Rio .      Yuma confronted Lotus, who told him she simply wanted lured Yuma and Rio as a way to get the "Numbers" from him and Shark. Knowing that she was being used by the Barian World, Yuma challenge her to a Duel, but his leg was numb and prevented him from getting up right away. However, a conscious Rio told him that she will Duel in his place, and then Yuma proceeded to watch Rio Duel against Lotus outside. During this, Yuma bantered with Astral and cheered for Rio, although he ended up annoying her by repeatedly called her "Shark's sister". After Rio won, Yuma tried to come up with a new name to call her by without making her mad, but began to argue with Astral. This made Rio giggle, and she revealed to Yuma that she was glad that Yuma kept her brother from changing into the feared person she heard about, to Yuma's surprise. While walking home, Yuma talked to Shark about how cool his sister was, and was surprised when he found out Rio's strong fear of cats. [94] 
 While racing with Bronk to school, Yuma accidentally ran into  Alito  and ruined his attempt to woo Tori. Unknown to Yuma, Alito was a Barian in human form. As Alito tried to make various attempts on Tori, Yuma inadvertently continued to thwart them all. Later, Yuma found a note from Alito, who challenged him to an “an all-out Duel between men with Tori on the stake” and met him on the roof. During the Duel, Astral warned Yuma that Alito might be an assassin from the Barian World. Yuma Summoned his own Xyz Monster, " Gauntlet Launcher ", and managed to win by countering Alito's own counters. Afterwards, Ray and Tori arrived to let Yuma know that Tori was okay, to his confusion. Upon the loss, Alito developed a liking to Yuma and declared him his rival, which Yuma happily accepted and playfully fist bumped with Alito as a sign of friendship. [47] 
 
         Yuma teaming up with  Girag  to face the Barian-influenced  Tori  and  Cathy .     
 While Dueling with a student after school, Yuma was dragged by Ray into a classroom to find Tori and Cathy arguing about who should be the Numbers Club's female cheerleader. Although Yuma and Ray tried to calm everybody down, their friends' and Rio's arguing became worse and they refused to speak to one another the next day. While walking home, Yuma and Ray met  Girag , who suggested they hold a "Friendship Games" to help their friends make up, which they agreed to. However, Girag told Yuma if he was able to make it into the final round, he must lose on purpose. Yuma agreed to this; unbeknownst to him, this was simply a plot for Girag to take his "Numbers". The next day, Yuma participated in the event and was paired up with Shark, who led them into first place. Before the final Duel, Yuma was partnerless, since Shark dropped out of the tournament, but Yuma forced Girag to take Shark's place, putting the latter in a very awkward situation. At first, Yuma planned to lose on purpose to Tori and Cathy as he promised, but learned the two were brainwashed by the Barians' power and started to Duel seriously. Yuma was able to Summon "Utopia" and used Girag's Trap Card to defeat both girls and returned them to normal. Although the girls didn't remember what happened, they wished for a rematch against Yuma, but Yuma refused and ran away from them. [19] 
 
         Yuma vs  Mizar .     
 One night, Yuma had a nightmare about losing Astral to a terrifying-looking dragon and becomes anxious about protecting him. The following day, Yuma lacked his usual energy and solemnly focused on way to beat the "CXyz" monsters, making his family and friends worry about him. Hoping to make him feel better, his grandma told Yuma to go to the  Duel Sanctuary  to deliver some items to  Roku  with Tori. However, Yuma learned from  Kaze  that their master was away on a trip, much to his disappointment. In the Statue room, Kaze discussed with Yuma about his frustrations, and received two cards Roku has left for him - " Overlay Chain " and " Overlay Barrage ". The next day, Yuma thought over how to use the cards for offense and defense, but Tori cheered him up and they played by a waterfall together. On their way back to the Sanctuary, Yuma met the Barian,  Mizar , who immediately used his  Barian Sphere Cube  to surround Yuma and challenged him to a Duel with the "Numbers" at stake. Determined to protect Astral, Yuma instantly Summoned "Number 39: Utopia", and equips "Overlay Chain" to protect its Overlay Units from "Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force". However, Mizar countered by Summoning his own "Number" card, " Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ", terrifying Yuma as it resembled the exact same dragon that appeared in his nightmare. [95]  Using his monster's abilities, Mizar destroyed "Utopia", knocking Yuma back into the Sphere Field and dealing real damage to him, causing him great pain and making him unconscious. As Yuma was too weak to continue the Duel, Kite arrived and took Yuma's place in the Duel. When the Sphere Field started to disintegrate, Yuma was sent falling onto a cliff side. Although Shark tried to rescue him, the ledge gave out and both of them fell into a crater. [96] 
 
Yuma and Shark survived the fall, but they were heavily injured and were sent to hospital. While recuperating, Yuma was haunted by Mizar's power and sulked over how he nearly lost Astral. Downhearted and depressed, Yuma also suffered from nightmares about facing Mizar and losing. While going for check up, Yuma left the  Emperor's Key  on his bed and found out it was taken by Shark when he returned. On the roof, Yuma was challenged by Shark to a Duel and played definitively, allowing Shark to deal lot of damage to him. As Shark made his final attack, Yuma was about to give up, but still wished to keep Dueling with Astral, which brought him to his side. Yuma and Astral Summoned out " Heroic Champion - Excalibur " and won the Duel using its effect. Yuma then was told by Astral the Shark's reason for Dueling with Yuma was to help him. Greatly touched, Yuma tried to give Shark a hug as thanks, but the latter pushed him away. [97]           Yuma captured by a brainwashed Ray.      After being discharged from the hospital, Yuma went to school and met up with Ray, when they were approached by many Barian-brainwashed Duelists from their school. Worried about Ray, Yuma and Ray were forced to run until they were surrounded at the Heartland pier. Luckily, Shark, Tori and Rio came to help them fight off the Duelists. While Yuma was defeating a Duelist, a brainwashed Ray captured him from behind. Yuma then learned that Girag was a Barian. Yuma was about to be finished off when Alito arrived and protected him, defeating all the other students in the process. Yuma was slightly upset upon learning that Alito was also allied with the Barians and accepted his challenged to a Duel. Yuma and Alito instantly Summoned out their ace monsters, engaging in a battle of Counter Traps. Yuma managed to destroy Alito's " Battlin' Boxer Lead Yoke " by countering its ability. Both Duelists were excited about the Duel. [98] 
         Yuma using  ZEXAL  against  Alito  inside a  Sphere Cube .     
 As the Duel continued, Yuma wanted to make his Duel with Alito "special" and asked Astral to unite with the power of  ZEXAL . They Xyz Summoned "Utopia Ray", forcing it to tie in battle with Alito's " Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus ", destroying both of them. Both players revived their ace cards with " Xyz Stand ". With the effect of "Barian's Force", Alito Summoned " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus " which pushed Yuma into an even tighter corner. However, Yuma was able to defeat Alito with " ZW - Eagle Claw " and win the Duel. Yuma rushed to Alito and told him that he hoped they could Duel again soon. Yuma became upset when Alito just shook his head and told  Astral  that he could take his "Number" and his soul, which Astral failed to do. Although Yuma didn't want him to go, Alito then bid farewell to him, but Yuma quickly focused on Astral, whose body was fading after being in the "Sphere Field". [13] 
 
Days later, Yuma and Ray were chased by dogs after Ray tried to find a shortcut to school. They arrived to school late, slightly injured, but Yuma didn't mind since they had their daily "thrill quota". As Yuma was walking home, Girag issued a challenged to Yuma for the "Numbers" tomorrow; he also told Yuma to bring Ray with him. Yuma learned that Alito had been hurt and Girag believed that Ray was responsible. Confused, Yuma stressed over what to do, but Astral told him to worry about it later. The next morning, Yuma asked Ray if he really hurt Alito, but was cut off when Ray told him he found another short route to school and told Yuma to trust him; Yuma replied that he did.         Yuma and Ray in their Duel with Girag.      After school, Yuma and Astral went to the meeting place without Ray and told Girag that he didn't believe what he said. Then Ray appeared and asked Yuma to join the Duel. Yuma compiled, against Astral's wishes, even though Ray was a terrible Duelist. During the Duel, Yuma was forced to defend himself as Ray made many mistakes, which caused their Life Points to decrease quickly. Astral told Yuma that protecting Ray was too dangerous, but Yuma refused to abandon him. Then Astral collapsed from being in the "Sphere Field", leaving Yuma worried that he and Ray would Duel Girag alone. [99]  With Astral inside the key to heal, Yuma gave the key to Tori and was forced to play the defensive when Girag's " Number 106: Giant Hand " destroyed his "Utopia". When Ray started to play differently, Yuma was surprised by his sudden change of character and shocked that he had " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ". Yuma used it to change "Number 39: Utopia" to " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " and win the Duel. Yuma then learned of Ray's true identity as a member of the " Barian Cosmic Crime Unit " and kept this a secret from Bronk and Tori on Ray's request. At night, Yuma and Ray spoke in private about his mission to defeat the evil Barians and promised to keep this a secret from everybody else. Yuma agreed to be Ray's "subordinate" and excitedly jumped into the air, nearly falling of his roof as a result. [100] 
         Yuma Dueling against the  Shadow Giant .     
 At school, Yuma and Ray went to the old gym hoping to find Girag and Alito, but they weren't there. Yuma wanted to bring Astral in on their secret so he could help them, but Ray denied this and convinced Yuma to keep the secret. Later, Yuma was worried about Astral staying inside the key too long and took the key to the infirmary. Yuma was then suddenly sucked into the key and was challenged to a Duel by the  Shadow Giant . During the Duel, the Giant brought out his " Unformed Void ", with Yuma Summoning out " Number 61: Volcasaurus " and  Number 6: Chronomaly Atladnis ", but the Giant was able to use the ability of "Unformed Void" to counter Yuma's attack and destroy "Atlandis". On the verge of losing, Number 96 appeared before them and told them that Yuma might get hurt if they lose. Yuma tried to stop Astral from siding with Number 96, but he released  his card form " out of fear for his safety. Reluctantly, Yuma used Number 96's card to destroy "Unformed Void" and win the Duel. Afterwards, Yuma and Astral talked with  The Door  and was shown Astral's true memories, learning his mission was to obtain a powerful card, known as the  Numeron Code , which can shape worlds. They were then transported outside the key, Yuma explained everything that had happened to Ray and  Tori . [101] 
 
         Yuma's hair turns into an afro after being shot by  Orbital 4 .     
 During gym class one day, Yuma was happy that he was given his own "Barian Cosmic Crime Unit" badge from Ray. He then became curious when Ray started to ask him about  Kite , but their conversation was cut off when a soccer ball hit Yuma in the face. Later, Yuma was challenged to a Duel by  Orbital 7 , who had a misunderstanding with  Lilly 's position with him. Although Yuma was confused by the situation, he went along with the Duel and won using his " Djinn " monsters. In Orbital's last attempt to "free" Lilly, Yuma was hit by a laser beam from  Orbital 4 , but was only slightly burned and his hair was comically turned into an afro. Once Tori cleared up the misunderstanding, Yuma laughed when he found out that Orbital liked Lilly. [102]  Later, Yuma paid little attention to his friends' discussion about Bronk winning over Rio's affections and Shark's approval. Oblivious to the rumors about him and Rio dating, Yuma was confused when Bronk spoke to him and sparked Rio's anger. Yuma observed the Duel between the siblings, cheering for both of them. After they resolved their misunderstanding, Yuma wondered about why they fighting in the first place, causing a jealous Tori and Cathy to pinch him and saying he didn't need to know. [103] 
 
         Yuma and Anna vs. Brooke and Mayday.      During the  Heartland Academy  Fun Fair, Yuma and his friends hosted a Monster Cafe, with Yuma cosplaying as " Temtempo the Percussion Djinn " when  Anna  blasted her way in to see him. Then Ray came running in to inform him about a "Couples Duel tournament" with the pro-Duelist team  Mayday Walker  and  Brooke Walker , which excited Yuma and voiced wanting to participate. Inside a bathroom stall, Ray and Yuma discussed about the  Barians  might be at the festival and they are to look for them. Yuma readily cooperated with the mission, but was sidetracked in favor of eating until Anna came back to force him to be her partner in the tournament. As the Duel began, Yuma and Anna began bickering, which greatly affected their Dueling performance, resulting in the destruction of Anna's " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max " as well as having to face off against the pair's " Skypalace Gangaridai ". [104]  Using " Half Unbrak ", Yuma managed to survive a direct attack from "Gangaridia" and was pleased to get the couple's praise. Although Yuma tried to work together with Anna, he was forced to endure her selfishness and was enraged how she Tributed his "Gauntlet Launcher" via " Upgrade " to revive her "Gustav Max".
         Yuma draws " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ".     
 After Brooke was revealed to be brainwashed by  a Barian , Yuma protected Anna from the large amount of damage she would have taken from Brooke's " CXyz Skypalace Babylon ". Anna used " Devoted Love " to enable Yuma to draw " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ", but was questioned by Astral when he saw the card and asked Yuma where he got it. To keep his promise to Ray, Yuma lied to Astral, claiming that he got it after defeating Girag. Yuma brought out "Utopia Ray V", winning the Duel and setting Brooke free. In the evening, Yuma chatted with Mayday when Brooke shoved Anna towards him, accidentally causing the pair to fall down a flight of stairs. [105]  One night, Yuma got an urgent call from Ray and rushed to his aid. When Yuma arrived to the location, he saw Ray Dueling a Barian in a Sphere Field. Once the Barian retreated, Ray told Yuma that the Barian was  Vector  and gave him new cards to use against any Barians. The next day, Yuma excitedly looks over his cards when his friends spied him and figured out the cards has something to do with the Barians. While walking home, Yuma and his friends were attacked by Vector and Yuma became trapped in a "Sphere Field". Yuma and Astral found out that Vector was the same Barian that possessed  Dr. Faker . They then engaged in a Duel against Vector, and were quickly put into a pitch when he stole "Limited Barian's Force" and destroyed "Utopia" with his " Number 66: Master Key Beetle ". When Ray came to support Yuma and told him to believe in his Deck, Yuma was able to draw " V Salamander " and Summon "Utopia Ray V" to win the Duel. Vector than tried to abduct him, but captured Ray instead, who stepped in for him, leaving Yuma distraught.  [106] 
 
Yuma continued to shout out in a hysterical state when  Kite  arrived and slapped him back to his senses. In  Heartland Tower , Yuma explains Kite and Shark everything that happen with Ray and Vector, stating that he will go and save Ray. As Yuma watch Kite and Shark bicker about how to find Ray, the tower shook and they race outside to see the  Different Dimension Airship  from the  Emperor's Key  outside.  Astral  told them that they can use the ship to get the Barian World, which excites Yuma and the four of them were to set out tomorrow. On his way home, Yuma was pestered by his friends, whom were kept out of  Heartland , until he blurts out some info of his mission, but ran home before he could said anymore. During dinner, Yuma acts overly kind to his family, which freaks them out. While looking over the cards Ray gave him in bedroom, Yuma told Astral that he'll save Ray no matter what in spite of the tough battle ahead of them. At dawn, Yuma tried to sneaked out from his window, but was caught by his family. However, Yuma was glad that they respected his decision and gave him some food for his trip. At the tower, Yuma met up with his friends and some unexpected company, but was touched they would come with him. They entered the ship and Yuma stirs the ship into takes off, but an array of monsters begin assaulting the ship. Yuma and the others went to the exterior, using their ace monsters to battle with them until a portal sucked them in.          Yuma vs Vector.      At the " Sargasso the Different Dimension Battlefield , Yuma was greeted by Vector and demand that he return Ray to him. Vector complied and transported an unconscious Ray in front of Yuma. Vector implied to Yuma that Ray might be dead, which devastated Yuma and making him fall to his knees as he reflects his time with his friend. Enraged, Yuma engaged Vector in a Duel, he quickly Summon out "Utopia" and taking on the damage inflicted by the effect of "Sargasso". [107]  As his angry grows, Yuma's eagerness to win and save Ray caused to Duel recklessly, even refusing to listen to Astral's warnings. Yuma to reach his breaking point with Vector's taunting and Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " and reduce Vector's Life Points to 1300. When Vector vanished after the attack, Yuma thought there was way to save Ray, but then Ray suddenly awakened and  transformed  himself into Vector. Yuma was confused and believed Vector was impersonating "Ray", but Vector clarified that the "Vector" Yuma had Dueled before and was Dueling up until now was merely an illusion, and the real him was "Ray" all along. Vector explained to him that he masquerading as "Ray Shadows" in an effort to befriend Yuma and further his plans against him. Yuma was enraged and saddened by the sudden revelations, he angrily goes for an direct attack, Vector used " Vain Betrayer " to mill Yuma's " V " cards and most of his Deck, leaving him with three cards left. Dealing with Astral confronting him about his secrets and Vector's cruel torment, Yuma was pushed to an emotional breaking point, with farther by Vector claiming that he had put his friends in danger, and screamed angrily.. [30] 
         Astral controlling Yuma with  Dark ZEXAL .     
 Using " Number 104: Masquerade ", Vector reduced Yuma's Deck further as "Sargasso" reduced his Life Points, putting him in a desperate situation. Already under pressure, Yuma blamed himself for not thinking more about the risks of trusting "Ray", and Vector chided him for keeping secrets from his partner, calling Yuma a "traitor", who just wanted to be friends with him more than with Astral. Then a black hole formed, which threaten to swallow up the spaceship with his friends inside, Vector suggested that Yuma may be able to save him if he relinquishes all of his " Numbers ". Yuma becomes conflicted between saving Astral and saving his friends, but his friends urge him to keep Dueling and let him know that they believe in him, giving Yuma some hope. After apologizing to Astral, they attempted to use  ZEXAL , but Vector again questioned Yuma's bond with Astral, causing the latter to turn evil and forcefully initiate ZEXAL with the former, resulting them turning into  Dark ZEXAL . [108] 
 
         ZEXAL II.     
With Astral in control of Yuma's body, Yuma's conscience woke up before a large Astral-shaped tower and believed it to be Astral's heart. Yuma entered the tower to save him, encountering some obsolesces long the way. Later, Yuma met Astral, who believed that Yuma was no longer his friend and had betrayed him. Yuma apologized, saying that he was at fault and was sorry for what he had done. Unwilling to see Astral being taken by darkness, Yuma ran towards him and embraced him, pushing both of them out of Astral's mind and undoing Dark ZEXAL in the physical world. Yuma was able to stay conscious from the forced reverse, and Shark and Kite told Yuma to halt the attack of "Utopia Ray V", telling him that he will lose otherwise. Yuma ended his turn, but "Sargasso" whittle down his Life Points. Vector suggests that Yuma surrender since he has only 100 Life Points left, but Yuma refuses, saying that he will always fight to protect his most important thing; his friends. Yuma manages to defend himself from " Number C104: Umbral Horror Masquerade " by sending "Utopia Ray V" to the Graveyard and Summoning "Utopia", as well as taking advantage of the cards Vector sent to his graveyard. Yuma begins his turn, drawing the last card in his Deck, "Limited Barian's Force", but he then collapses next Astral. Astral told Yuma that he can't trust him, but Yuma was happy Astral was giving him a second chance and touched his palm.          Yuma wins using " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ".     The two then perform a new ZEXAL Morph, called  ZEXAL II , signifying a new bond between them. They perform a "Shining Evolution", changing "Limited Barian's Force" into " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ", leaving Vector shocked, evolving "Utopia" into Chaos " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " and defeated Vector. Since ZEXAL II's appearance causes "Sargasso" to self-destruct, Yuma and the others return to  Heartland . Yuma and Astral re-kindle their bond and declare that their battles are only beginning, but Yuma is determined to improve. [48] 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
         Yuma vs.  Mach .     
 Later at school, Yuma attempted to do his 20-stacks jump, but got distracted when he sensed the presence of  Don Thousand , along with Shark and Rio. causing him to crash into the boxes. On the roof, he,  Tori , Shark and  Rio  were brought aboard the spaceship by Astral, who informed them of the " Numbers " scattered across the world. He also showed Yuma the message from  Kazuma , saying they needed to obtain the seven " Mythyrian Numbers " cards before the  Barian World  does. As they headed to their first location, they ended up crashing into  some sort of energy  and the ship landed them into a jungle. As Dumon was in human form, Yuma and the others did not recognize him; regardless, Yuma saved his life by protecting him from a large bear. Yuma wanted to help the mysterious, injured boy "Nash", but got into a disagreement Shark when he told Yuma not to trust others so easily. They then heard Tori's scream and ran to a temple where she and Rio were, and had to get rid of the snakes surrounding them. Yuma and the girls ended up being separated from Shark and Nash after a trap activated and was forced to go down separate paths. While debating with the girls about whether he should trust Nash or not, Yuma arrived in the chamber of the "Number"and met  Mach , the guardian protecting the card. Mach challenged Yuma to see if he was worthy to hold the Sacred "Number", but Yuma learned that Shark's and Nash's lives were also on the line and had to win quickly to save them. [57]  Yuma learned that his attacks helped open a way for Shark and Nash escape the passageways, but it comes at the risk of receiving damage from Mach's traps and spells. When Yuma Summons " Utopia ", Mach brings out his Number, " Number 44: Sky Pegasus " and forced Yuma to take more damage to keep "Utopia" on the field. With Nash providing them information of a legend about a hero and his Pegasus, Yuma was told to keep protecting "Utopia". However, he was torn what to do once Nash revealed to be Dumon, and Shark said that Yuma should destroy "Utopia" instead of keeping it on the field. Ultimately, Yuma decided not have doubt in everyone and chooses to protect "Utopia", and managed to bring out "Utopia Ray Victory" to win the Duel. After Mach vanished, Yuma obtained "Sky Pegasus" and spotted a  King's Coin  an item his father had a habit leaving behind after exploring. Outside the temple, Yuma tells Astral and Shark that he will continues to have trust in others, even if others might take advantage of it, since it's the only thing he can do. [31] 
 
         Yuma and co. inside the ruins.     
Going to South America, Yuma and the others arrived at an abandoned castle, and listen to Rio speak of legend about a  ruthless prince.  Venturing around and following star markings, Yuma accidentally triggered some traps that led him and his friends inside the cages of the central coliseum and eventually, he met Vector. Yuma challenged him to a Duel, but was only released from his cage onto a small pedestal. Using Yuma as a hostage, Vector arranged for a Duel between Astral and  his partner , who had obtained the sealed "Number". However, whenever Number 96 took damage, Vector set off a giant axe aimed towards Yuma, each threatening to kill him. [109]           Kite saves Yuma.     
 Despite the giant pendulum axe swinging at him, Yuma told Astral not to worry about him and deal damage to Number 96, but Astral refused to endanger him. Yuma blamed himself for his partner's current situation, but Astral told Yuma to think of what he can for himself now. Confused, he asked to Astral to tell him what to do, but Astral said that Yuma shouldn't act like a child and must figure it on his own. After finding another "King's Coin" on the ground, Yuma gained enough courage to jumped on the moving axe and swing himself to another pedestal. When the Duel ended in a draw, Vector set off a self-destruct mechanism and made the platform fall apart underneath Yuma. Luckily, Kite arrived in time to save him, much to Yuma's surprise. Once everyone was safely out of the ruins, Yuma informed Kite of the seven "Mythyrian Numbers". [110] 
 
The group then headed to  Spartan City , where Yuma spotted  Nistro  in an advertisement for the  Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament  and went to see Nistro's Duel. Yuma and his friends reunited with Nistro and  Dextra  backstage and cheerfully greeted them, asking Nistro for an autograph. They learned the tale of a warrior from the duo and deduced that "Number" was in the coliseum, which was under a lake. At night, Yuma was awoken by Astral and was informed about the explosion coming from the ruins. He rushed over to the coliseum and was happy to met up with  Alito  again, saying he was worried about him. However, Yuma was dumbfounded by Alito's change in personality and his sudden challenge to a Duel. To rescue a brainwashed Nistro, Yuma and Dextra entered a  Tag Duel . Although angry and disappointed by how different Alito was acting, Yuma took the first turn for his team and quickly Summoned "Utopia". After taking the damage from " Number 54: Lion Heart ", Yuma beseeched to Alito to tell him what happened to him, knowing Alito wasn't the type to use underhanded tactics, but only received a sadistic laugh and was told it losing to Yuma that made him this way. [111]           Yuma with  Dextra  in a Tag Duel against  Nistro  and  Alito .      While Yuma was constantly targeted by Alito's "Lion Heart", he was protected by Dextra's Traps until she was knocked out of the Duel. Afterwards, Yuma noticed that Nistro was able regain some of his consciousness, exciting him enough to take on Nistro's head-on Dueling once again. Yuma used " Xyz Shift " and " Night Papilloperative " to Summon " Heroic Champion - Excalibur " and halve his Life Points to equal Nistro's and simultaneously prevent " Heroic Growth " from activating to lower the ATK of "Lion Heart". When Alito used his " Battlin' Boxer Cheat Commissioner ", Yuma countered the effect with " Overlay Marker " inflict 6700 damage to Alito, winning the Duel. By sunrise, Yuma found another " King's Coin " and refused Nistro's offer to help fight the  Barians , stating he must continue his dream of being a symbol of hope to children. On the airship, Yuma stood away from his friends and brooded over Alito when Astral came over. Astral knew Yuma was thinking about Alito and told him that he should understand from the Duel yesterday - Alito is still a Barian and that Yuma can't be friends with him, but Yuma didn't respond to him. Instead, Yuma dwelled over Alito's new personality and while he didn't understand why, Yuma hopes they could have another passionate Duel one day again as friends. [112] 
On the way to the next location, Yuma was still thinking about Alito, which caused Shark to scold him, saying that Alito's change in personality exposed his "true colors" as a Barian, but Yuma didn't believe that was the case. Upon arriving in an mountain range, Yuma went with Shark and Kite to climb a mountain to reach the ruins. Unlike his friends, Yuma didn't struggle while climbing the mountain and gave out pointers to them, even saving Kite when he was losing his grip. Upon entering the  Number ruins , Yuma was enticed by the aroma of food, but he was quickly stopped by  Jinlon , the  Number Guardian  of the palace. Yuma got into an argument with Jinlon, who accused him of stealing his food and assaulted Yuma with his walking stick. Yuma listened to Jinlon and Astral's conversation about the person similar to Kite, which the former confirmed the person was named "Mizar". Astral revealed to Yuma and the others that the Barians were humans once, much to their surprise. Yuma then watched Kite Duel against Jinlon along with Shark and Astral. [113]           Jinlon  in his true form speaks to Yuma and others     After Kite won the Duel, Yuma and the others listened to Jinlon's tale about Mizar and how he died. When Mizar arrived at the ruins and clashed with Kite's dragon aura, Yuma and his friends ended up on a mountain peak after the Number ruins vanished. He picked up a King's Coin and listened to Jinlon explaining about when people searching for "Numbers" come to the ruins, huge changes will occur in the world and about the "two lights" battling in the sky long ago. [114] 
         Ponta possessing Yuma's body.     
 Returning to Heartland City, Yuma was berated by  Kari  for his dangerous adventures when he saw  Roku  announcing the discovery of the statue of a famous military commander named "Kiraku Souhachi". Yuma and Astral noticed that the statue bore a striking resemblance to Girag and went to the  Duel Sanctuary  with their friends. Yuma crashed into  Ponta , who was in possession of Girag's body and the " Number " as well. Although Yuma was dumbstruck by the situation, he agreed to Duel the tanuki to get the "Number" and Girag's body back. As soon Yuma began his turn, Ponta swapped bodies with Yuma, who was stuck in Girag's body as Ponta wasted all of his cards in a series of misplays. Despite the handicap, Yuma managed to defeat Ponta using the " Burst Rebirth " card he Set before they body switched to turn the tables. Yuma won the "Number" and was stunned when he saw Girag eat Ponta, cursing the former for his despicable act. [115] 
 
The  Different Dimension Airship  set off the next day for the final Number ruins, Yuma conversed with Astral on the Deck, asking him about the Barians being humans once. When Astral told him it was true, Yuma inquired if Astral was human like them too. Astral told Yuma it was possible and they debated on what caused their enemies to be reincarnated as Barians, but were interrupted by Shark. Shark warned them that over thinking was a bad idea and they should not get emotions involved. Yuma then asked Shark why he fought against the Barians. Shark said it was revenge for using him and Rio. Yuma pointed out that Shark forgave  Vetrix  and  Dr. Faker , but Shark clarified he never did forgive them and only stopped fighting them because they lost the will to fight. Later, Yuma and the others were met by a fierce hurricane and  Abyss  possessed Rio in the midst of it all. When Abyss caused her to jump overboard into the ocean below, Yuma and Shark followed her, landing at the bottom of the ocean where the water was mysteriously kept from enveloping them. Following Rio's footprints, they entered the labyrinth-like ruin and Yuma found two  King's Coins  rather than one. Unfortunately, when Shark noticed Rio's " Freezing Point " card lying on the ground and went to examine it, the labyrinth generated new walls to separate them. By the time Yuma noticed, it was impossible to find Shark and he could not climb the walls either. Suddenly, Yuma and Astral saw a stream of water came rushing down and  Dumon  emerging from it. [116]           Yuma saves Rio.      Dumon quickly challenged Yuma to a Duel to settle things, but Yuma told him that he didn't really want to. Yuma reminded Dumon that he helped him and his friends before, but Dumon told him that they were destined to fight each other. Yuma then questioned Dumon about the Barians being humans and why they had to fight Astral. He was angered when the latter simply say they the worlds opposed each other and demanded if they are really fighting without a real reason. Dumon said that the Barian and Astral Worlds can't coexist and Astral agreed by revealing that it was his mission to obliterate the Barian World, shocking Yuma. When Astral and Dumon were talking about  Nash  and  Marin , the group saw Shark Dueling Abyss and Dumon quickly left Yuma and Astral behind. Using " Stinging Swordsman " on Astral's instructions, Yuma arrived at the center on the maze just in time to catch Rio and watched Shark win the Duel. Afterwards, the group was transported back to the airship and Tori, but Rio remained unconscious. [117] 
         Yuma,  Tori , and Shark are pulled in by  Number 96 .     
 Returning home, Yuma was informed by Astral that the Astral World was in danger and rushed down to find Kari watching the news about abnormal phenomenons occurring all across the globe. In the streets, Yuma met up with Tori and expressed hope that Rio would wake up from her coma like when she knew the Barians first came to Earth. He also expressed that he was worried about Shark and stated that he been acting odd since the ruins. Yuma was surprised when Astral told him that he had a serious discussion with Shark and that he would have speak about it sooner or later. After contemplating, Yuma resolved to speak to Shark as a friend when the latter just rode up and asked if Yuma was alright. When ashes began to fall from the sky, the group was transported by  Number 96  to another location, alongside Kite and Orbital 7. With three worlds on the line, Yuma began his Duel with Number 96 inside a  Sphere Field , which caused real damage to him. During the Duel, Number 96 used the effect of " Chaos Field " to steal  two of   Yuma's "Numbers"  and ranked them up. [118] 
 
         Yuma and Astral used  ZEXAL II  against Number 96.     
 Yuma then had a dream-like vision were Astral was saying goodbye and leaving the " Numbers " to him, causing him to cry. Once Astral broke Yuma's daze, Number 96's monsters attacked them, but Yuma managed to protect himself and Astral Summoning " Gagaga Gardna ". Eventually, the damage Yuma had to endure took a toll on his body and was too injured to Duel, so Astral took his place. After Astral Summoned " Utopia Ray ", Yuma and Astral then bonded together to perform "ZEXAL II", Summoning two " ZW - " monsters to attack Number 96, defeating him completely. However, Number 96 wanted vengeance on the duo and attacked them. Although Yuma was against it, Astral canceled ZEXAL to protect Yuma and took the hit. Although Astral was able to destroy Number 96 for good, he was fading back to the Astral World since he was severely drained and told Yuma that they had to part ways. A tearful Yuma begged Astral not to go, but the latter just thanked Yuma for everything he had done and gave all the "Numbers" to him before departing with the  Emperor's Key  to the Astral World. A heartbroken Yuma and his friends were then transported back to Heartland and cried for his lost friend. [119] 
 
Grief-stricken by Astral's disappearance, Yuma barricaded himself in his attic bedroom, not leaving for school nor eating very much. Despite his family's and friends' attempts to cheer him up, Yuma continued to cry and mourn for many days, even to the point of nearly getting rid of all his "Number" cards. One night, he was contacted by  Mr. Heartland  via hologram, who enticed him into coming to save his kidnapped friends. Yuma ran to the  Heartland Memorial  and learned that  Erazor  took his friends' memories. Yuma accepted Erazor's challenge to Duel with their memories and his "Numbers" on line, but noticed how scared he felt. Mr. Heartland pointed out that Yuma didn't have a reason to protect the "Numbers" without Astral and tried to bargain with Yuma into giving him the "Numbers" in exchanged for his friends and their memories.          Trey and Yuma Dueling  Erazor .      Heartland also offered to erase Yuma's memories of Astral so he could return to his happy life before he met Astral. Yuma angrily refused, saying that the "Numbers" are precious mementos of his time together with Astral. Suddenly,  Trey  appeared in front of Yuma and proclaiming to protect him. Stunned by Trey's entrance, Yuma listened to Trey's explanation of what his family had been up to and they knew everything that had happened. Touched that Trey was willing to fight alongside him, Yuma asked him for support in his Duel and gave him " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis " and " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ", believing sharing the "Numbers" powers was the right thing to do. The pair then began their Duel with Erazor, but was put at an disadvantage when Mr. Heartland activated a trap that halved Yuma's and Trey's Life Points whilst Erazor's doubled. [120]  Yuma took the second turn of the Duel and drew " Double or Nothing! ", which made him think of Astral and silently hoped his friend was watching him. Yuma tried to execute his combo with "Utopia", but Erazor used the effect of " Number 3: Cicada King " to negate it. Trey Summoned out "Machu Mech", managing to damage Erazor with help from Yuma's cards. However, Erazor dealt a lot of damage to Trey and activated a trap that would assure him victory on his next turn. As Yuma struggled to think of a comeback, Tori and the others regain some of their memories and showed their support, reminding Yuma that he was not alone. Yuma then set the stage for Trey to Summon "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis", equipping it with "Utopia" to win the Duel, destroying Erazor and returning the Number Club's memories. Afterwards, Yuma decided to give "Locust King" to Trey as a sign of their friendship. [121] 
         Yuma and Trey cheering for Quattro and Shark.     
 Yuma invited Trey to spend the night over at his house and cheerily ate breakfast the morning with his friends and family. However, Yuma's mood was dampened when he forgot that Astral was gone and called out to his friend before realizing his mistake. Trying to hide his sadness, he quickly brought the subject of Mr. Heartland's underlings and explained to Trey that Kite and Shark were difficult to contact, so they couldn't warn them of the new threats. They decided to go visit Rio at hospital and caught  Chironex  poisoning her. Chironex told Yuma that he was going after Shark's "Numbers" and then come after him before fleeing. Yuma tried to call Shark to warn him, but the latter did not answer. Yuma sought help from the rest of the Number Club over his  Duel Gazer  when they encountered  Quattro  in the lobby. They asked him to deal with Chironex while they searched for Shark and Yuma returned " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder " and " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings " to Quattro. Later, Yuma and Trey got a call from Quattro and arrived at the  Kastle's mansion  to watched him and Shark Duel against Chironex. [122] [123] 
 Afterwards, Yuma frequently went on "patrols" to look for Barians around Heartland City along with Trey, unaware that his friends were stalking him. Although he tried to maintain a cheerful facade, Yuma's visible sadness made his friends worried about him. When Flip arrived to show him the grave he made for Astral, Yuma just stood quietly as his friends burst into tears, but thought about Astral for many days later. After another patrol, Yuma was forced into an intervention with his friends about his unwillingness to accept the reality of losing Astral. Trey also pointed out the places Yuma had been patrolling are places he and Astral Dueled together and that Yuma still hopes he would meet Astral again one day. Upset and rattled, he ran away from his friends and admitted that he could never believe Astral was dead and proclaimed that he would search for Astral forever until he finds him. Suddenly, Kite appeared and told Yuma that he and  Quinton  found a way to Astral World. On a plane, Yuma found out that his father King's Coins contained  Astralite  and would the key to open the gate through different dimensions. At the lab site, Yuma yelled at Quinton from keeping this from him and said that he would go to the dimensions even if he would die from the process. Yuma was instructed to stay absolutely still in the  Interdimensional Teleporter  during the charging period and he won't have a way to get back home once he went through. After  Scritch  caused a blackout, Yuma was told not to move as  Orbital 7  charge the device. Letting Kite and Quinton Duel against Scritch, Yuma returned " Number 9: Dyson Sphere " to Quinton and observed them from afar. [124]  Right after the Duel, the teleporter finished powering up and sent Yuma to Astral World. As Yuma left, he bid farewell to his friends. [125] 
 
         Yuma greeted by  Eliphas .     
As he approached the Astral World, Yuma spotted  Rainbow Kuriboh , which he recognized as his father's card. After Yuma fallowed Kuriboh to land, Yuma was amazed by his new surroundings and was surprised that his touch brought life to several nearby dead plants.  A shining figure  appeared before him, telling Yuma that he shouldn't be here and sent wolves after him. Yuma was repeatedly ambushed by this figure, but was saved by Rainbow Kuriboh each time.          Yuma sees Kazuma's message to him.     Rainbow Kuriboh then showed Yuma a recorded message of  Kazuma , who told Yuma that Astral was destined to die and Kuriboh will help Yuma save him. Using " Goblindbergh " and Rainbow Kuriboh to fly to Astral's location, Yuma was attacked once again and fell unconscious as Rainbow Kuriboh softened his landing. Yuma woke up inside a church-like building and met  Enna , who said that he would be safe here and that the ill citizens there were in need of his help. Yuma listened to Enna as she explained the history of the Astral World, Barian World, and the power of  Chaos . She also told Yuma that the figure who was pursuing him was Eliphas, who they created in hopes of healing their world, and that Yuma has the power of Chaos inside him. Confused, Yuma asked why they didn't just do something about Eliphas, which Enna said that he and Astral were their only hope to save the Astral World from its eventual end. After Yuma healed all the denizens, he arrived where Astral was and found him asleep inside a crystal. Eliphas appeared to Yuma and blamed him for corrupting Astral with his Chaos. Yuma defended himself, saying that he and Astral developed a strong bond and challenged Eliphas to a Duel, with his memories of Astral and Astral's freedom on the line. [58] 
         Yuma vs. Eliphas.     
 Shocked that Eliphas could use "Shining Draw" as well, Yuma was cornered by Eliphas' " New Order 6: Etheric Apophis ". Eliphas said that Yuma had no right to be with Astral and that Chaos Astral got by being with him will cause him to die. To increase pressure on him, Eliphas told Yuma that Enna and the others residents were being held hostages for being exposed to his Chaos. Yuma accused the Astral World for being so weak and compared their rules to his " kattobingu " ethics. Yuma then learned that his father was also being held captive by Eliphas and what he did to Astral before Yuma met him. Eliphas said the he would free everyone and reevaluate the world's values if Yuma won the Duel. Motivated, Yuma used " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force " to Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ", but was overwhelmed by Eliphas' "New Order" monsters and was reduced to 100 Life Points left. Despite this, Yuma still refused to give up and determined to save Astral, even when Eliphas pointed out the more Life Points he lost the closer Astral would be extinguished. Eliphas warned Yuma that his desire to be with Astral would turn into fear of losing him and would be become his "bondage". Eliphas proclaimed that Yuma couldn't be entrusted with the Astral World and proceeded to deal a finishing blow to him". [126] 
 
Using " Rainbow Kuriboh ", Yuma was able to avoid the attack and tried to attack Eliphas, but failed. Although, Yuma proclaimed that he would win the Duel and rescue Astral, he inwardly panicked as Eliphas continued to stop his attacks. [127]  Yuma was eventually overwhelmed by " New Order 13: Etheric Amon " and his Deck was decimated by its effect. Eliphas lectured him about Rank-Up and its limitations to only "chosen ones", but Yuma criticized those perceptions, saying that everybody as the potential to Rank-Up. Although "Rainbow Kuriboh" allowed Yuma to survive another turn, Yuma realized he was on the brink of losing, but thought of Astral and how important he had become to him. This caused Astral to resonate with Yuma from his crystal and lent him the power to use "Shining Draw" without the use of ZEXAL, granting Yuma " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall " to Summon " Number 39: Utopia Roots ".          Yuma and Astral along with  Eliphas  witness the energy surf from  Barian World .      When Eliphas dismissed his "Shining Draw" as a waste, Yuma said that Rank-Up was necessary for the sake of the living people and compared them to Duelists he had confronted who had their own troubles. He stated that good and evil are always at conflicted in people's hearts and refusing to learn or ignoring the suffering of other individuals can never cause true Ranking-Up, moving the denizens of the world. Yuma used the effect of "Utopia Roots" to increase its ATK to massive proportions and activated "Double or Nothing!" to double its ATK, allowing him to inflict enough damage to defeat Eliphas. After Astral was purified of his corruption and released, Yuma immediately embraced him and cried happily. When they sensed Don Thousand's power affecting the human world, Eliphas said they must return right away and restored the  Emperor's Key . After Eliphas gave Astral a card, Yuma and Astral promised that they will find way to end the Barian menace and began their journey back to the human world. [49] 
         Yuma and Astral obtain  ZEXAL III .     
 Yuma and Astral eventually returned to Earth just after Kite became too injured to continued his Duel with Mr. Heartland. [128]  Yuma took Kite's place in the Duel along with his remaining life Points. Although Heartland managed to drain Yuma's Life Points with his " Infection Bug Tokens " and was in pain due the Barian Field, Yuma and Astral initiated  ZEXAL III  and used the Shining Draw to create " ZS - Vanish Sage ", using it in tandem with Kite's " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " to banish the Tokens and win the Duel. They witnessed Heartland screaming in pain as he was engulfed in flames and vanished. While Yuma shared a joyous reunion with his friends, but he was saddened to learned of Flip's demise as their situation turned more dire as they saw the large pillar of energy glowing even brighter. [129] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
         Yuma's Key  reacting with Nash's  Barian Emblem .     
 Yuma was stunned when the  Seven Barian Emperors  appeared before them, along with  Shark  and  Rio  as Nash and Marin. Although  Astral  explained to Yuma that about Shark's soul being reincarnated as a  Barian  and was now their enemy, Yuma asked why they had to fight. Nash responded that this was what fate had decided, which Yuma found to be ridiculous, proclaimed that he will revive their bonds through Dueling. Suddenly, the  Emperor's Key  reacted with Nash's  Barian Emblem , letting Yuma see Nash's past life and Nash see the events that Yuma had been involved with in the  Astral World . Once the visions ended, Yuma was rendered unconscious, giving the Barians a chance to attack him. Luckily,  Roku  and  Kaze  arrived and pelted the Emperors with smoke bombs, allowing Yuma's entire group to escape. As  Quinton  drove them away,  Tori  cradled Yuma's head in her lap, while Astral commented how the bonds that Yuma made with his friends - Roku, Kaze,  Anna ,  Nelson ,  Nistro ,  Dextra ,  Bronk Stone  and  Quattro  - had united them to protect Yuma and stalled for time by Dueling the Emperors. [130]  Yuma briefly regained consciousness and asked if everyone was alright, with  Caswell  claiming that they were before Yuma passed out again. [131] 
 
         Yuma is shocked by Trey's bitter words.     
 Once Yuma regained full consciousness, he learned from Astral about his friends' demises and blamed himself for them. Yuma and  Kite  conversed about Shark, with Yuma declaring that Shark was still their friend even if he was a Barian; however, Kite disagreed with him. Yuma said he won't give up on Shark and would find a way to avoid fighting Shark and the Barians, prompting Astral to tell him there was a way - defeating  Don Thousand  directly. Believing everything should return back to normal if they defeated him, Yuma agreed with the plan. Just as Kite left with Orbital 7, Yuma got into an argument with Quinton and  Trey , who claimed they wouldn't be going with him either in favor of avenging Quattro's death. Yuma urged them not to focus on revenge since they should know better than anyone that revenge will only cause them pain, but Trey claimed he couldn't stand Yuma any longer and then sped away with their van, leaving Yuma bewildered. Preparing to set off on the  Different Dimension Airship , Yuma asked his friends to go home and check on his family, with only Tori accompanying him and Astral. [132]  On the ship, Yuma speaks with Astral about his dispute with Trey and Quinton, saying he understand why they want to avenge their brother, but still believed that nothing will come out Dueling with anger. Astral assured Yuma that they were following the path they think was right for them, which Yuma agreed with. [133] 
 
         Yuma breaks down as Trey and Quinton are defeated.     
 Aboard the airship, Yuma continued to worry about Trey and Quinton, which concerned Tori and Astral. Later, a screen appeared before them and showed the group the Duel between Trey and Quinton vs  Mizar . He listened as Quinton explained about the  Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time  and that Kite was heading to the moon to investigate it. Realizing that avenging Quattro was lie, Yuma urged them not to, but Quinton said that Yuma must see how fearsome the Emperors are and that must keep going forward. After he and Trey shared a tearful goodbye, Yuma watched in anguish as the brothers were defeated and taken to the Barian World. Sobbing on his knees, Tori and Astral tried to comfort him, with the latter saying that Yuma must lift his head because everybody had placed their trust in him. [134] 
 
         Alito  vs. Yuma.     
 Immediately after this, Alito attacked the airship with " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus ", knocking Yuma, Astral and Tori from it. He challenged Yuma, but the latter insisted they had no reason to Duel and compared him to Nistro as they were both hot-blooded Duelists who shouldered the hopes of children. However, Alito shrugged Yuma's words off and captured Tori with a giant set of vines, making Yuma relented to Duel him to free her. Yuma immediately brought out " Utopia ", but Alito used " Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One " to Summon "Comet Cestus", reducing Yuma to only 200  Life Points  with its effect and attack, with Yuma narrowly survived with " Gagaga Gardna ". When Don Thousand appeared and introduced himself to Yuma and Astral, he revealed that their pursuit of the  Mythyrian Numbers  had contributed to his release and taunted them to stop him if they could. Hoping to remind Alito of their friendship, Yuma attempted to reach Alito's true self with " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ", but this only allowed Alito to bring out " Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk " to support "Comet Cestus". Astral suggested that he use " Number 54: Lion Heart ", which holds Alito's true memories, to order to break Don Thousand's curse to Alito. Although "Lion Heart" was risky to use, Yuma was resolved to save Alito. [135]  Yuma and Astral discussed that  Kazuma  must have predicted they would have to fight the Emperors and that the  Mythyrian Numbers  are the key to Don Thousand’s curse. Yuma Summoned "Lion Heart" to the field, causing it resonated with Alito's cards and letting him see his memories. He used "Lion Heart" to attacked "Comet Cestus", thus freeing Alito from Don Thousand's influence, but Alito still wished for them to finished their Duel. With Alito's hatred for his past remaining, Astral advised Yuma to destroy "Comet Cestus". Using " Emperor's Armor " to bypass the effects of " Number C80: Requiem in Berserk ", they destroyed "Comet Cestus" and won the Duel, allowing Alito to see his true memories. Afterwards, Alito thanked Yuma for saving him, but reminded him that they are still enemies. However, Yuma believes that he and the Emperors will come to understand, which Alito denied because they have defeat him. Nevertheless, Alito agreed to cooperated with them to defeat Don Thousand, who was inside of  Vector . [136]  Back on the ship, they group continued to travel to the Barian World until they were attacked by  Girag  and his " Number 106: Giant Hand ". [137] 
 
They attempted to reason with Girag, but they could not get through Thousand's control. Yuma moved to Duel him instead, but Alito offered to do so instead as Girag's best friend, which he relented and gave him " Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu " to help break the control. [138]  Yuma watched as Alito managed to free Girag from Don Thousand's curse at the cost of his own life. Soon after, Vector arrived and tried to attack Yuma with " Number C43: High Manipulator of Chaos ", but Girag pushed Yuma out of the way, taking the blow. As Vector absorbed Girag's, Alito's, and  Ponta 's souls, Yuma learned that  Dumon  and Rio shared the same fate. Vector proclaimed that he will defeat Yuma and Astral to get the  Numeron Code  before flying off, leaving Yuma to mourn for the lost lives. [139]   [140]           Yuma crying for Kite.      Back on the airship, Yuma cried and blamed himself himself for not saving anyone. When a screen appeared on Deck, Yuma found out the Kite was Dueling  Mizar  on the moon and for the key to the Numeron Code. As Kite was at a disadvantage, Yuma explained to Mizar that he didn't have to fight them because of Don Thousand tampered with his memories. They also informed him that all his allies were betrayed by Vector and their souls was absorbed. However, Mizar refused to listen to them as Kite told them to stay out of his way. Yuma urged Kite to stop Dueling, but he told Yuma that everyone must say good-bye someday, even if it was unexpected - and the same will apply to him and Astral. At the end of the Duel, Yuma saw Kite defeat Mizar, but became too weak to move. With tears streaming down his face, Yuma called out to him to raise up, saying Kite promised to Duel him again. Kite simply told Yuma not to cry because he was their last hope as the screen blurred out from Orbital 7's shutdown. As he grieved, Yuma proclaimed that he will not cry anymore and will win the war by defeating Vector and Don Thousand. [141] 
         Mizar  gives " Number 100: Numeron Dragon " to Yuma.     
 Yuma and the others finally arrived to  Barian World  to find  Nash  Dueling against Vector, with Yuma expressing concern for Nash. [142]  As Yuma watched the Duel, he was able to see Vector's true memories, who was a benevolent monarch long ago. Remembering his time with Vector's "Ray" persona, Yuma attempted to reached out to Vector for a second chance. Vector seemingly was going to reform, but only revealed to be a trick for Yuma and Nash to let down their guard, to Yuma's anger. He witnessed the rest of the Duel and stared on in shocked as Nash claimed victory after a series of trials. [143]  After Vector goes berserk with his power, Yuma was surprised when  Don Thousand  appeared before them to absorbed Vector. Yuma leaped to save him at the last second, despite everyone's protests, and insisted that Vector's true self was "Ray Shadows". When Vector proclaimed that he will take Yuma with, Yuma tearfully said that he doesn't mind and promised to protect Vector. Touched by Yuma's sincerity, Vector had a change of heart and sacrificed himself to Thousand to protect Yuma. Soon after, Mizar arrived to give him " Number 100: Numeron Dragon " and confirmed Kite's demise. Following Mizar's death, Don Thousand shown himself before Yuma and the group in his new form, promising to take their souls and obtain their power to become a true God. Don Thousand challenged Astral, Yuma, and Nash to a Duel, which they accepted a  Battle Royal  Duel. On his first turn, Yuma quickly Summoned "Utopia", only to disappeared from the field due to Thousand's " Numeron Network ". Don Thousand revealed that he made the Earth part of the Barian World to obtained the Code's power in the process. Thousand also taunted them by revealing he can directly attack the  Astral World  whenever Yuma and Nash take damage. [144] 
 
Using his " Numeron " monsters, Thousand nearly defeated them, with Yuma and Nash surviving with " Half Unbreak " and " Cutter Shark ". As Astral left to find the location of the " Numeron Network " card to help them, he contacted the duo to let them know that he planned to sacrificed to absorb the "Numeron Network" energy in order to prevent Earth from being destroy. Knowing Astral would die if he did that, Yuma begged him not to it, but Astral only told him goodbye. Suddenly,  Eliphas  appeared to take Astral's place and sent him back to Yuma's side. Whilst Yuma shed tears for Eliphas's death, Astral told Yuma that Eliphas entrusted the future to them and told him not to cry. As Nash used " Number C101: Silent Honor DARK " to restore their  Life Points  to 3300, Yuma strengthened his resolve to win. [145]  Don Thousand mocked their chances of victory and Summoned " Number C1000: Numeronius ", inflicting more damage to them and Astral World, and taking control of "Silent Honor DARK". Yuma and Astral transformed into  ZEXAL  and Summoned "Utopia", only for Don Thousand to use the effect of "Numeronius" to destroy and replace it with " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ". Don Thousand revealed that "Numeronius" negated the effects of his opponent's " C " monsters and prevented them from attacking. Undaunted by this setback, they evolved into  ZEXAL II  and used the  Shining Draw  to create " ZS - Ouroboros Sage ", combining it with "Utopia Ray Victory" and " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ", allowing them to reduce Don Thousand's Life Points to 900. However, Don Thousand sent "Silent Honor DARK" to the  Graveyard  to prevent "Numeronius" from being destroyed, and then used its ability to take control of Yuma's and Nash's monsters. Yuma was shocked that ZEXAL failed them and canceled the fusion.          Yuma remembers his fallen allies.      Thousand taunted him, revealing the power of  Chaos  will always revive him and they cannot fight against it as humans are the root of Chaos. He further explained what happened with his battle with Astral eons ago and claimed that humans are weak since Chaos can consume them easily, such as the  Seven Barian Emperors . Yuma retorted that the power of Chaos let you live with your friends and can protect others. Don Thousand scoffed at Yuma's belief, and then proceed to inflicted damage to them, leaving Yuma's and Nash's Life Points to 100. With "Numeronius" going for a direct attack,  Kite 's spirit appeared before Yuma, urging him to win. The "Numeron Dragon" flashed into Yuma's hand and Yuma  Special Summoned  it to the field. Yuma used its effect to reduce the ATK of "Numeronius" to 0 and destroy both of them. Unfazed, Don Thousand countered by bringing out " Number iC1000: Numeronius Numeronia ", which would force all of Yuma's and Nash's monsters to attack it or grant Don Thousand an  Automatic Win  in the  End Phase  if they don't. Thinking of his fallen friends, Yuma refused to give up and overlaid with Astral into  ZEXAL III . They used " Utopia Rising " to revive "Utopia" as Nash brought out " Number 73: Abyss Splash ", and used " Bonds of Hope " to revive "Numeron Dragon". The abilities of "Abyss Splash" and "Numeron Dragon" were given to "Utopia" as a symbol of their reforged bonds. Yuma proclaimed to Don Thousand that he will feel all of their hopes and dreams. [146]  After using the effects of "Abyss Splash" and "Numeron Dragon" to boost the ATK of "Utopia" to 102,000, Yuma attacked "Numeronius Numeronia", but Thousand used the effect of "Numeronius Numeronia" to negate the attack and boost his Life Points to 102,900. Yuma then activated " Double or Nothing! ", as an attack was negated, allowing him to double the ATK "Utopia" and attack again. With this, Yuma defeated Don Thousand, causing the portal to  Astral World  to close and cancel the fusion between Earth and the  Barian World . Despite his loss, Don Thousand laughed at Yuma and the others, claiming his curse hadn't been lifted before his soul was transferred to Nash with all the "Numbers" along with him. [147] 
         Nash vs Yuma and Astral.     
 Infused with Don Thousand's energy, Nash forced Yuma and  Astral  out of the ZEXAL III fusion, and sent them to a small place between that merged world and the Astral World. Nash explained that the two worlds were currently pulling against one another; if it kept up, the two worlds would collide, resulting in the Astral World's destruction. Yuma tried to reason with "Shark", who stated he was still their enemy, regardless of Thousand's influence, and he would protect the friends he has in the Barian World. Yuma tried to appeal for a way for both worlds to coexist. Nash and Astral said this was impossible because the Astral World was too weak to withstand the fusion of the worlds. Bewildered, Yuma said that everyone can learn to understand one another and blamed Thousand's curse on Nash's attitude, but Nash refuted this - he was the only one who chose to be a  Barian  on his own will, and that his very existence was the curse of Don Thousand. Nash challenged Yuma and Astral to a Duel, with all three worlds and the  Numeron Code  on the line. Yuma questioned Astral if they can can find a future to save everyone. Astral suggested that using the Numeron Code could make everything that happened become undone and revive everyone who was died. Although, he asks Astral if that's a real future though - one that will result in running away from all the times they had together. Astral said that he's unsure right now, but encouraged Yuma they'll be able to find a solution through this Duel. As Nash was able to predict Yuma's every move, he was put of the defensive. As the Duel progressed, Nash Summoned four of the  Over-Hundred Numbers  onto his side of the field - "Silent Honor DARK", " Number C102: Archfiend Seraph ", " Number C103: Ragnafinity " and " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon , while Special Summoning the other three to Yuma's side of the field - " Number C104: Umbral Horror Masquerade ", " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus ", and " Number C106: Giant Red Hand ". [147] 
 Nash then used all seven monsters to Xyz Summon " CXyz Barian ", pushing Yuma into a corner. Yuma and Astral then merged into ZEXAL III to create " Overlay Reborn " to Special Summon "Number 39: Utopia", which was destroyed previously from the Graveyard. As Yuma worried how the power surged from Duel caused the worlds to grow closer, he was surprised to see his father and Vetrix suddenly arrived on the battlefield in order to erect barriers to stall the collisions of the three worlds and was encouraged him to win. Afterward, he and Astral used the card Eliphas gave them, " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force ", to Special Summon " Number 39: Utopia Beyond " and destroy "Barian Hope". [148] 
 
         Nash and Yuma reflect on their friendship.     
 Nash set up the return of "Barian Hope" with " Reincarnation of the Seven Emperors " before Summoning " Black Ray Lancer " in an attempt to defeat them. In response, Yuma used the effect of "Utopia Beyond" to banish itself and Special Summon the original "Utopia" and canceled ZEXAL III. Yuma reminisced to Nash that this Duel reminded him the other times they faced each other, only for Nash to brush it off and tell Yuma that he was just a pest. Ignoring that statement, Yuma continued that he and Nash were still friends, despite the current situation. Nash replied that this was impossible; neither of them were the same as before, causing Yuma to question if he and Nash no longer understood each other. Nash said that he had understood Yuma for a long time, but added that friends who understood each other may stop being friends. Yuma thought about  The Door 's promise of a new power at the cost of losing something important; he realized that the "something" could be Astral or Nash. Determined not to lose either of them, he continued the Duel. 
 As Yuma was reduced to 50 Life Points, he was discouraged to continue, due to Nash's determination to win, but Tori snapped him out of it by yelling at him. Remembering the sacrifices Yuma's friends made for them, Yuma and Astral merged back to ZEXAL III. They created " ZW - Sylphid Wing " and equipped it to "Utopia". They attempted an attack on Nash's " Submersible Carrier Aero Shark ", but Nash used " Rebirth of the Seven Emperors " to Tribute it and Summon "Barian Hope" back to the field. He then used " Draw of Fate " to stop the attack, then make both players draw a card; if they did not use the card they drew, they would lose. Yuma and Astral drew "Double or Nothing!" and activated it, doubling the ATK of "Utopia". Remembering the Door's promise of losing something important, Yuma canceled ZEXAL III and negated the attack of "Utopia" by its own effect. Nash then used " Glory of the Seven Emperors " to give "Barian Hope" more Overlay Units. This confused Yuma, but Astral reminded him that had their attack gone through, they would have lost. Yuma asked if this would mean a draw, but Nash corrected him; Yuma and Astral did win because Nash's Life Points would become the same as the change Yuma's and Astral's Life Points at the end of the Battle Phase, which is 0; therefore Nash lost the Duel. Nash told Yuma not to lose whatever was most important to him, which were his ability to trust in others and his pure heart. He gave all the "Numbers" he held to Astral and told Tori not to let Yuma out of her sight. He also admitted that Yuma and Astral were his best friends, and their final Duel was the best Duel he had, before fading away. Afterward, Yuma, Astral, and Tori returned to Earth, appearing on Heartland's harbor. [149] 
 
         After saying goodbye to Shark, Yuma returns in tears to Heartland.     
         Yuma reunites with his friends.     
 While Yuma was devastated at the loss of Shark, he expressed great joy when he realized all his friends that were absorbed by the  Barian Pipe  are revived. He happily reunited with the  Number Club ,  Nelson ,  Anna , and  Hart  as they came to congratulated him. However, he voiced his regret for not saving Kite, Shark, and Rio and wondered what the point of Dueling was if he couldn't save them all. Astral then transported his and Yuma's subconscious to a special  Sphere Field  to tell him that he would continue his mission to destroy Barian World as it was the root of all  Chaos . Yuma disagreed with Astral, saying there was no point to the future if they had to keep sacrificing things and urged him to find a better way, but Astral stated he wouldn't change his mind. Although Yuma was confused on why Astral would do such a thing, Yuma challenged Astral to Duel for the  Numeron Code , which the latter accepted. In addition, the two added more conditions; if Yuma won, Astral would listen to him, and if Astral won, he would destroy Barian World and erase Yuma's memories of him. 
 
         Yuma is surprised by his friends sudden arrival.     
 Yuma was distraught at this, but agreed to Duel the next day at the station square. After he was returned to his friends, Yuma went back home and prepared his Deck, thinking of a strategy to beat the powerful "Numbers" Astral wielded and brooded over the situation. He was then abruptly interrupted by his friends - Tori, Bronk, Caswell, Flip, Cathy, Nelson and Anna - when they literally burst into his attic bedroom and asked if he was going to Duel Astral. On the roof, Yuma confirmed that he was going to Duel Astral and was building his deck. His friends offered to let Yuma use their cards in the Duel, but Yuma turned them down, saying that it would be pointless if he Dueled Astral with outside help. The next day, Yuma and Tori walked towards the station square. Yuma stopped midway to tell Tori about Astral's objective to destroy Barian World and the Duel will decide will happen in it. Yuma stated since Tori watched all of his and Astral's Duels, he wanted her to know and asked her to keep this a secret from the others because he wanted them to remember Astral as a good person. [20] 
 
At the station square, Yuma remarked that he always know that he and Astral would one day their separate ways, but he never thought they would end up Dueling against each other. As the Duel started, Astral Summoned "Utopia", as well as its other forms: " Utopia Ray ", " Utopia Ray V ", "Utopia Ray Victory" and " Utopia Beyond ".  [20]           Yuma  admits he's enjoying facing his own ace card.      After a direct attack from "Utopia Ray V" and his Life Points dropped to 1400, Yuma reminded himself of the stakes if the Duel and got back up. Bursting out laughing, he stated how "cool" "Utopia" was and then quickly brought a comeback with " Gagaga Cowboy " and " Gagaga Samurai " to destroy Utopia's four evolved forms. He attempted to  OTK  Astral but was stopped by " Heat & Heal ". While Astral praised Yuma for tricking him, Yuma said it was thanks to Astral that he became strong and gave him the confidence to overcome everything - that and " kattobingu ". He believed he and Astral were like one mind and body now, and vowed to make Astral change his mind, so they could create a better tomorrow. As the two traded blows, Yuma tried to reason with Astral and that they could start over no matter what, so long as they understood each other. While Astral proclaimed he would never forgot Yuma's words or the times they spent together, he told Yuma that he will fulfill the pact they signed together, leaving the boy confused. Astral gained the upper hand and used " Number 39: Utopia Roots " with " Overlay Accel " to attack Yuma three times. As Astral went for the first attack, he told Yuma that he must take back what is most important to him - the thing that was stolen from him - only to leave Yuma even more confused.  [150] 
         Yuma with his " Number F0: Utopic Future ".     
 Thinking back, Yuma remembered that he and Astral make a promise he would Duel him with everything he got and to have fun. Yuma recalled to Duel with a smile and laugh, but realized he was not doing either of those things. He reminded himself that he loved Dueling, yet he was crying because of it, and pondered if Astral was trying to remind of what he lost - the ability to laugh from the bottom of his heart. As Astral made a decisive direct attack on him, Yuma used " Danger Draw " to negate the attack. Yuma thanked Astral's efforts and performed a " Shining Draw " with his own power to draw " Halfway to Forever " to use his fallen Xyz Monsters to Special Summon " Number F0: Utopic Future ", a monster the strongly resembles Yuma himself. Yuma activated its effect to take control of Astral's "Utopia Roots" and attack with it. Astral then used " Hyper-Rank-Up-Magic Ultimate Force " to use "Utopia Roots" to Xyz Summon " Number 99: Utopic Dragon ". Yuma tried to take control of Astral's new monster with "Utopic Future", but Astral used its effect to negate that effect and destroy all other monsters. Yuma saved "Utopia Roots" with its own effect; however, he would take damage equal to the ATK of the "Utopia Beyond" that was destroyed. He saved himself with the second effect of "Utopic Future" by reducing the damage to 0. On the next turn, Yuma tried to take control of "Utopic Dragon" again by attacking it, but Astral negated the effect of "Utopic Future" once more and Yuma prevented his monster's destruction. Yuma used " Hi-Five the Sky " to let "Utopic Future" attack again, as well as " Memories of Courage " to increase its ATK to 4000. This destroyed "Utopic Dragon". "Memories of Courage" also granted "Utopic Future" another attack, but Astral used " The Door of Destiny " to negate the attack, while also reminding Yuma that he would lose if he did not destroy it. Haven been transported in of  The Door  that haunted Yuma's nightmares, Yuma reminded Astral that this was where they first met; he also realized that the most important thing he would lose was Astral. He hesitated, but Astral said that he had a card to help him win and told Yuma not to be afraid of the future without him by his side. Yuma realized what his friend meant and finished the Duel by using "Double or Nothing!" to continue his attack and defeat Astral. [18] 
 
         Yuma saying goodbye to Astral.     
 Yuma helped Astral up after the Duel, who congratulated Yuma on the win as the  Numeron Code  appeared in front of them. Astral said that it was about time he and Yuma went their separate ways. Tearing up, Yuma swore that he would never cry again, while Astral said that he liked Yuma's smile and that he would never forget it. He also swore to follow Yuma's "kattobingu" spirit. Yuma told Astral never to give up and to push himself at every hardship. As Astral floated away, Yuma yelled that he would never forget him. [18] 
 
         Yuma happily going to see Astral.     
 After Astral left, Yuma returned to his normal life. His parents returned to Earth and the  Seven Barian Emperors  were revived as humans. At one point, he arrived late for school and was reprimanded by Rio for it, as his friends fondly watched on. Yuma also mused on the events that happened since Astral left. The Tenjo and Arclight families started together again to research parallel worlds. While happy with the new peace, Yuma continued to long for Astral and realized that things did not feel the same without Astral around. One evening, Yuma was hanging out with Tori before his  Emperor's Key  began to glow. Shark and Kite arrived and informed Yuma about a new threat in Astral World. Rejuvenated, Yuma left for Astral World alongside Tori, Kite, Orbital 7, the Arclights and the Barian Emperors, with the Emperor's Key's powers allowing them all to fly towards a dimensional portal. On the way, Tori confesses to Yuma that she loves him which makes blush in shock, but nevertheless he continues holding her hand. Desiring to see Astral, Yuma reaffirmed his desire to get his most important thing back and yelled "kattobingu!" with everyone else. [18] 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In the non-canon episode,  Aim For Number 1 in the World! , Yuma was forced by Tori to visit her friend  Summer  at the Gymnastics building. While Yuma was watching the athletes in wonder,  Taiki  pushed past Yuma and knocked him to the ground. The two argued, then Taiki left. Afterwards, Summer told Yuma how Taiki lost at a gymnastics competition, so he does not take part in them anymore. When Yuma and his friends were walking home, they find Taiki staring at the river. Yuma then challenged him to a Duel. Taiki refused initially, but Yuma taunted him, saying that Taiki was afraid to lose to him. Taiki accepted the challenge and the Duel began. As the Duel progressed and Taiki was on the verge of victory, he noticed Yuma's Set card, and his fear of failure took hold of him. He attempts to change tactics, but Yuma tells him that it does not matter how many times he loses because he loves Dueling. After Yuma loses, Taiki says that his new goal is to never lose again. Yuma approves of this and encourages him to do his best.  Kohei Uchimura  appears and Yuma appears to admire him, although he does not know who Kohei really is. Later, Yuma and his friends bid farewell to Taiki and Kohei, with both Duelists saying that they will " kattobingu " from now on.
 
 Other appearances 
 Yuma Tsukumo (manga) Yuma Tsukumo ( D Team ) Yuma Tsukumo ( World Duel Carnival ) Yuma Tsukumo ( Duel Terminal ) Yuma Tsukumo ( Duel Arena ) Yuma Tsukumo ( Millennium Duels ) Yuma Tsukumo ( Tag Force ) 
 Number Hunting 
         " Number 39: Utopia ", Yuma's first " Number ".     
 Yuma obtained " Number 39: Utopia " when the  Emperor's Key  reacted during his Duel with  Shark , releasing  Astral  and the "Numbers". Upon defeating Shark, he obtained " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon " as well. [4] 
 
         Yuma with "Utopia" and " Number 17: Leviathan " face  Mr. Kay 's " Number 34: Terror-Byte " and " Super Crashbug ".     
 Yuma went on to obtain " Number 34: Terror-Byte " from  Mr. Kay [63] ,  Number 83 Galaxy Queen " from  Nelson Andrews [64] , " Number 61: Volcasaurus " from  Scorch  and " Number 19: Freezadon " from  Chills . [66] 
 His trip to the  Duel Lodge  after his encounter with  Kite Tenjo  netted him " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja " from  Kaze . [68]  His Duel with  Fortuno  saw him obtain " Number 16: Shock Master " and " Number 11: Big Eye ", as well as acquire an upgrade for "Utopia" in the form of " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". [32]  His Duel against  Number 96's holder  gave him " Number 96: Dark Mist ". [60] 
 The  World Duel Carnival  saw Yuma defeat  Charlie McCay  and though " Number 7: Lucky Straight " was briefly given to Charlie's niece,  May [24] , it was later returned to Yuma. [76]  He proceeded to win " Number 25: Force Focus " from  Cameron Clix ". [75]  As the preliminaries drew to a close, Yuma Dueled  Trey  and won " Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech " and " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ". [83] 
 
         Yuma faces  Shark  and " Number 32: Shark Drake ".     
 Yuma Dueled Shark in the top 4 of the tournament and his win here netted him " Number 32: Shark Drake ". [86]  All of his "Numbers" were taken by  Dr. Faker 's  Sphere Field  alongside those owned by  Vetrix . [21]  Astral managed to give "Utopia" and "Shark Drake" back to Yuma before he was ejected from the Sphere Field and Yuma returned "Shark Drake" to Shark. [86] 
 
         " Number 10: Illumiknight ", " Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage " and " Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction " three of the "Numbers" Yuma gained from the  Sphere Field .     
 With Faker's defeat, Yuma regained all of his lost "Numbers" and also acquired many others, bringing his total count up to fifty. Among his newly acquired "Numbers" were " Number 10: Illumiknight ", " Number 20: Giga-Brilliant ", " Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction ", " Number 56: Gold Rat ", " Number 9: Dyson Sphere ", " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ", " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings ", " Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo ", " Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage ", " Number 69: Heraldry Crest ", " Number 53: Heart-eartH " and " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon ". [46]  "Utopia" saw a second upgraded form via the use of " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force " when Yuma and  Ray Shadows  Dueled  Girag , resulting in " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ". [100] 
 
         Yuma utilized " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis " and " Number 61: Volcasaurus " against the  Shadow Giant .     
 Astral was forced to release  Number 96  as part of a deal to defeat the  Shadow Giant . [101]  Yuma and Astral received " Number 66: Master Key Beetle " from  Vector  after defeating him. [106]  His next Duel with Vector saw the creation of " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ", which netted "Utopia" another upgrade called " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ". [48] 
 During the hunt for the  Mythyrian "Numbers" , Yuma acquired three of the seven. He won " Number 44: Sky Pegasus " from  Mach [31] , " Number 54: Lion Heart " from  Alito [112]  and " Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu " from  Ponta . [115] 
 Yuma returned "Machu Mech" and "Atlandis" to Trey when he showed up to aid him in the fight against the  Barians . [120]   Quattro  and  Quinton  also returned, so Yuma allowed Quattro to use "Giant Grinder", "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" and "Gimmick Puppet of Leo" again [122]  and returned "Dyson Sphere" to Quinton. [124]  Yuma's trip to the Astral World saw him access a new form for "Utopia" - " Number 39: Utopia Roots ". [49] 
 Yuma gave "Sandayu" to Alito in order to help him free Girag from  Don Thousand 's curse. [138]   Mizar  entrusted " Number 100: Numeron Dragon " to Yuma before confronting Thousand himself. [144]  Yuma eventually obtained all the remaining "Number" cards by defeating  Nash  in their final rematch, plus another form of "Utopia" called " Number 39: Utopia Beyond ". [149]  For a final Duel with Yuma, Astral kept all of the "Numbers", leaving Yuma with none. [20]  During this Duel, however, Yuma created " Number F0: Utopic Future ". [18] 
 
 Relationships 
 Astral 
         Yuma and Astral in the middle of a typical argument.     
 Yuma and Astral, despite having a rocky start, have a very close relationship with each other. Astral is able to tell what Yuma is feeling during duels and helps to calm him down, and Yuma worries and cares for Astral immensely. Regarding each other as both partners and close friends, they make an outstanding team.
 When they first met, Yuma had mixed feelings about  Astral  when all he did was tell him how to Duel during his Duel with Shark. [16]  Though Astral was insightful and was always thinking about what his opponent would be capable of doing, Yuma ignored his advice and continued playing his way. Eventually, Astral figured out a way to have Yuma listen to him and over time, Yuma began trusting Astral more and more with each Duel. They are shown on numerous occasions to be able to talk telepathically. [41] 
 
         As partners and friends, they became a confident team.     
 After the Duel with  Kite Tenjo , the two realized that they needed the other's skill. They grew closer to one another during the Duel with  Fortuno  when Yuma admits to Astral that he considered him as his friend and unlocked  Number C39: Utopia Ray [32]  and eventually gained the ability to overlay their souls together using the power of  ZEXAL . [56] 
 At times, Yuma didn't openly admit that he was worried or cared about Astral, usually feigning anger and yelling at him, which only makes Astral smile because he knew Yuma's true feelings. In dire situations, Yuma openly showed concern and proclaimed he would do anything to protect him from danger. It shown that Yuma deeply cares for Astral as he couldn't believe Astral would leave and as he cried for that. [43]  Astral has shown many times how much he cares about Yuma, willing to give up his life for Yuma's safety. [32]  Astral has also been seen smiling more since Yuma told him that he is his friend, and encourages Yuma to never give up. Later, it was revealed that Astral has been teaching Yuma how to Duel, since one day he'll disappear and Yuma will have to fight alone. He also said that when he disappears, he would want to leave proof that he exists in Yuma's memory and heart. [43]  After Astral came back, Yuma was greatly relieved as he cried tears of joy. [83] 
 Nearing to the  WDC  finals, Yuma and Astral converse on what to do with the " Numbers " and their situation with  Hart Tenjo . Yuma is torn between helping Astral or healing Hart, but Astral assured Yuma that he will follow whatever path Yuma choose as his partner. [38]  During Yuma and Shark's Duel, Yuma was to make a choice between saving him or Shark, but Astral tells Yuma that will let him make the decisions. During this, Yuma told Astral that he is a very important friend to him. [44]  When Vetrix told them that the " Numbers " could destroy the world, Astral questioned Yuma about it, Yuma denied this claim, saying he trusts Astral and would let Astral use the "Numbers" for good. During the Duel, Astral told Yuma that he can rely on him to defeat Vetrix and Yuma says he couldn't do it without him. [11] 
 After Yuma dreams about being warned by  The Door  that someone is planning to take the most important thing to him, he feared that he will lose Astral. Not willing to put Astral in danger and be taken away from him, Yuma left his key to Tori in order to protect him and goes to Duel with a Barian-brainwashed  Fender  by himself. During the Duel, Yuma thinks that he the only one that can protect him and reflected how Astral is always the one protecting him. [46]  In the key, Astral can receive the damage Yuma takes and knows Yuma is Dueling alone, which disappointed him since they are "partners". Once Astral got to Yuma, Yuma confined to Astral about his dream and states how he couldn't protect him. However, Astral told Yuma that he was proud of him and that he's a true friend, and will not forgive anyone who hurts him. [90]  After nearly losing to  Mizar  and become shaken, Yuma and Astral grew even closer as they reaffirmed their desires to Duel together. [97] 
 After  Vector  revealed he was Ray and that Yuma hid this from him, this caused Astral to lose some trust in Yuma, resulting in their inability to turn into  ZEXAL  and resulting in Astral's corruption, bringing about  Dark ZEXAL . [108]  They eventually reconciled and reformed their bond, resulting in  ZEXAL II . [48] 
 
         Astral appears in Yuma's thoughts.     
 When Number 96 attacked Zexal II, Astral immediately ended the fusion and saved Yuma's life. As Astral was forced returned to the Astral World, the pair shared a sad goodbye and Astral thanked Yuma for everything he done, leaving Yuma heartbroken. [119]  Afterwards, Yuma spent many sorrowful days locked inside his attic and crying. Despite this, Yuma was still willing to protect the "Numbers" that Astral entrusted to him and fight on. [120]  While Yuma realized that he can't stay depressed forever [121] , he made many Freudian slips whilst trying to maintained an outward happy demeanor, repeatedly thinking of Astral and accidentally calling out to him. This caused many to worried about him and was eventually pushed by his friends to accept that his partner was dead, but Yuma refused to believe that and was willing to face danger and an eternity searching for his beloved friend. [122] [123] [124] 
 While Dueling  Eliphas , Yuma repentantly reflected on how arrogant and capricious Astral was when they first met, and how he changed over time and became someone with emotions who cared for others. [58] [126] [127]  On the brink of losing, Yuma realized how Astral played an important role in his life and became his "everything". When they finally reunited, they embraced each other and Yuma said that he would not let Astral go again and asked him not to leave him again, which made Astral smile. [49]  With the happiness of being together again, Yuma's and Astral's bond grew even stronger and upgraded to  ZEXAL III . [129] 
 
         Stargazing is a common pastime they do and shares many deep conversations.     
 It was later revealed that Yuma and Astral share a much closer connection to each other - Yuma is the "other half" of Astral, that Astral lost long ago during his battle with  Don Thousand  (the other half was later somehow reborn as Yuma). After their fateful Duel, Yuma and Astral reaffirmed their bond with each other, with Astral being Yuma's most precious thing,  and even if they go their different ways, they will never forget each other. Even after Astral went back to Astral World, Yuma often thinks about him. When rogue chaos energy threatens the Astral World, Yuma and Astral grew excited to see each other and were last seen rushing to reunite. [18] 
 
 Tori Meadows 
         Tori finally confesses her feelings to Yuma who heatedly blushes.     Yuma has been best friends with  Tori  since childhood and appears to care for her very much. They have their share of fights sometimes (mostly because of Yuma’s thoughtlessness), but they always make-up. Tori has shown many signs to have a crush on Yuma, such as annoyance at Yuma's adoration with  Cathy 's Dueling abilities, which she doesn't show towards male Duelists that Yuma admires. [41]  She blushes whenever Yuma makes a friendly comment towards her-and is also evidenced when she is worried about Yuma, to which the latter makes a kind gesture by putting a hand on her shoulder, saying he will be all right. [23] 
 Yuma has gone out of his way to protect Tori many times such as when he thought Cathy had kidnapped her, which also allowed him to Duel without the assistance of Astral or any of the Numbers, winning him the Duel. During the usual scene when Yuma puts on his  D-Gazer , he isn't wearing his casual Dueling smile, showing his absolute seriousness for victory so he can find her. [41]  When Tori was about to be run over by a truck, Yuma pushed Tori out of the way, placing himself in her position, which if  Kite Tenjo  didn't pause the time, would have resulted in Yuma being critically injured or causing his death. [67] 
 When he entered the lair of  Fortuno , who had kidnapped Tori, Bronk,  Flip , and  Caswell , he only called out to Tori despite clearly seeing the others held captive as well. [69]  Yuma's caringness towards Tori start becoming more obvious during the first day World Duel Carnival, when Yuma helps Tori escape from  Cody 's Excavation machine and  Anna Kaboom 's cannon blasts. [41] [71]  When Yuma realized that Astral was gone he looked at his friends, but seemingly only believed Tori, showing he takes her word over the others'. [43]  He also has a considerable amount of trust in her, as he entrusted the Emperor's Key to her while he went to Duel  Fender  to protect Astral. At the end of the anime, Tori confessed to Yuma that she loved him and his smile to which left him blushing speechless, but he nevertheless kept holding her hand as they flew to Astral World.  [46] 
 
 Kari Tsukumo 
 Yuma and  Kari  have a typical "brother-sister" relationship, having a tendency to argue with each other. Kari has a habit of making Yuma search for scoops she can use, even if it puts her brother at risk. Kari also doesn't allow Yuma to Duel, much to Yuma's chagrin, though Yuma finds ways around it. Yuma doesn't seem to sympathize with Kari very often, seen when she is depressed about apparently failing to make a delivery, Yuma ignores her completely. Likewise, Kari doesn't seem to sympathize with Yuma much either, and seems to blame him initially for things he had nothing to do with. [61] 
 Despite their tendency, they do genuinely care about each other, Kari often instructing Yuma not to Duel to protect him. Before their parents went missing, they trusted Kari to look after Yuma, relying on her to protect him. At first, Kari was reluctant, but her  mother  told her that it was her duty as the "big sister" and they won't always be there for Yuma, so he will rely Kari to supported him through any hardships. [22]  Yuma affectionately refers to her as "Nee-chan" meaning older sister in the Japanese way, showing he also cares for her. He also was concerned when he heard her scream. [61]  After realizing she can't stop Yuma from Dueling, she allows him to Duel as long as he doesn't overdo it. [54] 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 When they were young,  Bronk  is first shown to make fun of Yuma's losing streak at Dueling and laugh at him in class. This provoked Yuma to challenge him to Duel him over and over again, despite always ended up losing. Bronk came to admire Yuma's fiery, "never-give-up" spirit, and they eventually become friends. [60]  As young teenagers, Bronk is Yuma's constant Dueling partner, though Yuma still lose regardless. Bronk would also make fun of Yuma's " kattobingu " challenges and laugh mockingly whenever Yuma fails. While having a brash treatment, Bronk does about care about Yuma, evident when he found the broken piece of Yuma's pendant and is present when Yuma Duels Reginald in order to recover Bronk's Deck. [16] 
 Being friends since childhood, they are shown to trust each other enough for Yuma to entrust Bronk his "Utopia", and Bronk to Duel  Number 96: Dark Mist  to rescue Yuma and Astral. Due to the many Duels they had, both boys are very adapted to each other's Deck, knowing each of their cards and tactics. [60] 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
         Shark and Yuma's first encounter.     
 Yuma's relation with  Shark  starts before they Dueled each other and became rivals, and although they never met before that, Yuma knew that he was the school's bully. He had just defeated Bronk and took his Deck, claiming a weakling didn't need it. Yuma stood up for him and in a twist of events, Shark crushed  Emperor's Key  and accepted Yuma's challenge. With their Duel underway, Shark was overtaken by " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon " and quickly Summons it to put Yuma in his place. However, with the appearance of  Astral  and Yuma's new Xyz Monster,  Number 39: Utopia , Shark loses the Duel and his " Number ". [16] [4] 
 When Shark fell into the "wrong crowd" and stopped Dueling all together, with persistence from Yuma, Shark agreed to Duel him again. Despite his "Numbers," Yuma loses to Shark, who tells him to never interfere with his life. [37]  However, Yuma disobeys this after learning of why Shark was the way he was. The two  Tag Duel  against  Scorch  and  Chills , who carried "Numbers" that supported each other. Despite that, Shark was able to aid Yuma, who protected him from damage, and give Yuma the final trump card that would defeat the two brothers. As a sign of respect for Yuma, he allowed him to keep the card he won with. [65] [66] 
 Mr. Kay  remarked that Shark had changed due to Yuma's influence and now he sees Yuma as a friend and ally. [50]  Although friends, Shark doesn't hang around Yuma as much as his other friends, due to his aloof nature, but is shown to have a soft spot for him, often reflecting on his time with Yuma, and even watching Yuma from afar when he sees him. [50] [5]  Despite his distant nature, Shark is willing to open up to him (to an extent), but tends to push him away sometimes. [72]  In turn, Yuma admires Shark and worries about him if he does anything he thinks is wrong or dangerous. When knowing things concerning Shark, Yuma focuses his attention on helping him and putting himself in harm's way, even ignoring or lashing out on his friends or Astral if they tried to stop him. [39] 
 During the  World Duel Carnival , their friendship becomes strained as Shark became focused on revenge against  Quattro  and continually told Yuma "Don't get involved with me" when they meet. [72] [74]  When Yuma learned how violent Shark had become, Yuma challenged him to a Duel, in which Yuma made no move to attack, and let Shark take his anger out on him. He was angry at Yuma's persistence and the Number's influence causes him to grow more aggressive. Eventually, Yuma tells Shark he doesn't want to see the way he is now, shocking him, followed by his stomach growling. As Shark watches Yuma and  Tori  shout at each other, he smiled and the darkness in his heart disappeared. Shark then cancelled the Duel, claiming that seeing Yuma being an "idiot" made him lose his drive. Before walking away, Shark tells Yuma that he would meet him in the finals and they exchanged smiles. [82] 
 During the WDC party, Yuma tried looking for Shark, showing his concern for Shark, and because he has something to ask him, but couldn't find him. [35]  During the finals of the WDC, Yuma stumbles across Shark's Duel with  Quattro  and stayed to cheer him on. When Shark Summoned " Number 32: Shark Drake ", Yuma worried about him due to the "Number"'s influence, and cried out to Shark as he was brutally attacked eight times by Quattro. [26]  As the Duel continues, Yuma tried to pull Shark away from the "Number's" influence, but Shark eventually gives into it. After Shark wins the Duel, Shark set his revenge on  Vetrix  and told Yuma he won't forgive him if got in his way, straining their friendship once again. [85] 
 In the semi finals, Yuma and Shark were matched-up to Duel each other, with Yuma eager to settle their rivalry. Unknown to Yuma,  Vetrix  was influencing Shark through the power of his  crest , but Yuma does notice how emotionless and different Shark is. During the Duel, Vetrix made Shark think Yuma was the one to hurt  his sister , which made Shark hate Yuma and attack him ruthlessly. Yuma tried to make Shark remember the times they Dueled together, how Shark tried protecting his  Emperor's Key  from Kite, and how much their bond meant to him. Yuma also told Shark that his goal is to be Duel Champion and defeating Vetrix and  Dr. Faker  wasn't worth losing him. To return Shark to normal, Yuma took control of " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss " and suffered while the "Chaos Number" tried to control him. Shark was able to regain his senses and begins to worry for Yuma. When deciding to save Shark or Astral, Yuma couldn't choose and said that Shark is a very important friend to him. To save Yuma, Shark got rid of his remaining  Life Points  to banish "Shark Drake" and give Yuma the victory. Afterwards, Shark told Yuma how during the Duel that he could hear Yuma's voice and thanked Yuma for saving him. Smiling, Shark then encourages Yuma to win and beat Vetrix, with Yuma promising to carry on his will. [44] 
 Later, when Shark awakens in the hospital and sees that Yuma's Dueling with Vetrix in the  Sphere Field , he begins to worry and rushes over to the  Duel Coaster Stadium , calling out Yuma's name as he goes. [21] He then enters  Heartland Tower  to save Yuma and puts himself in danger in the process, showing how much he cares for him. Shark was even willing to team up with Kite and  Orbital 7  to rescue Yuma, despite his hostility towards them. When Yuma challenges  Dr. Faker  to a Duel, Yuma gave back Shark "Shark Drake", asking him to help him, and the latter joins Yuma with a smile. [86]  During the Duel, Yuma and Shark supported each other well with their cards, as well as Shark teasing Yuma when he's having doubts. [87] [88]  When the  Heartland Tower  started to crumble, a piece of concrete was about to hit Yuma before Shark pushes him out of the way to protect him, taking the hit instead. [27] 
 When the  Barian World  began to target Yuma for the "Numbers", Shark worried for Yuma's well-being, chasing after him when he goes to Duel  Fender , even leaving his sister to go after him. [46]  When talking to Rio, Yuma learned that Shark often talked about him to her, to his surprise. She told Yuma that she believed it's because of Yuma that her brother hadn't changed and thanked him for being a good influence on Shark. Shark began to spend more time with Yuma as they started to walk home together after school. [94]  When Yuma fell towards a cliff ledge, Shark once again put his life in danger to try to save Yuma from falling,. [96]  Recuperating in the hospital, Shark was extremely upset at how downhearted Yuma was acting and, in his typical gruff fashion, snapped at him. In order to get through to him, Shark swiped the  Emperor's Key  and lured Yuma into a Duel. With help from Astral, Yuma got his fighting spirit back, much to Shark's happiness. When Astral told Yuma what Shark's true purpose was, Shark denied it, but Yuma was greatly touched. Trying to show his gratitude, Yuma tried to give Shark a hug, only to be pushed away by him. [97] 
 After Shark came to accepting his fate as a  Barian , he was emotionally shattered at the thought of becoming Yuma's enemy and distraught of breaking his bond and friendship with him. [127] [49]  Nevertheless, Shark severed his friendship with Yuma and claimed that it was their fate to become enemies. However, Yuma didn't see him as an enemy, but he was willing to fight him to restore their bonds of friendship. [130]  Even now, he still calls Shark by his nickname, despite everyone else and Shark himself knowing him by the name "Nash".
 During the their Duel, Shark and Yuma reminisces their friendship, with Shark eventually stating that Yuma and Astral are his best friends before dying and fading away. [149]  After the  Interdimensional War  has ended and the Shark and the other emperors were revived, Shark went back to his old life, attending school with all his friends and watching over Yuma. [18] 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 As rivals in hunting "Numbers", Yuma and  Kite  saw each other as enemies. Kite first thought Yuma was a regular "Number" Holder and tried to get his Number. During the Duel, Kite was surprised that Yuma used 2 "Numbers", and identified him as a Number Hunter, but looked happy to have a rival. [9]  After their first Duel, Yuma became depressed over his near loss and developed a fear of Kite. [54]  However, this was short-lived and Yuma become more confident when facing Kite, despite knowing the dangers. [69]  Yuma was shown to respect Kite's Dueling skills, calling him "scary", but strong. [32] 
 When Yuma interfered in Kite and Astral's Duel, which ended in a Draw, Yuma asked Kite why he is collecting Numbers. Kite only answers that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange of his brother's sake. [56]  Determine to Duel Yuma, Kite told Yuma that they will settle their score in the World Duel Carnival. [70]  Knowing that Astral helps Yuma, Kite sees Astral as his rival instead of Yuma, whom Kite considered as "just an idiot". [34] 
 Despite their differences, they joined up to rescue Hart from the  Vetrix Family , which resulted is a  Tag-Team Duel . [5]  Kite seems to have grown to respect Yuma as he begins to call him by his first name, however he still doesn't see him as his rival and still dislikes him. [35]  During the WDC finals, Yuma often made an effort to be friendly with Kite and cheered him on in his Duels, and even considered him as a friend. [25] [40]  During the finals, Kite seemed to gain greater respect for Yuma, letting him watch his Duel with  Vetrix . [7]  Kite also appeared to soften up to Yuma due to the many times he showed concern towards Hart, though he never outwardly showed it. [21]  During the Duel with  Dr. Faker , he began to value Yuma and Shark as his friends. [88]  After their Duel against  Vector , Yuma proclaimed that his  WDC  wish was for Kite's family to live happily in peace. Amused and smiling, Kite says it was none of his business, but Yuma then revealed his real wish - to Duel Kite again in a friendly match to settle their score. Kite happily accepted the challenge, addressing both Yuma and Astral, while finally acknowledging Yuma as a rival. [27]  Yuma greatly looked forward to Dueling Kite again, and openly showed excitement throughout their Duel. Kite also thought about Yuma's never-give-up attitude and how much he enjoyed Dueling. When Kite was about to surrender due to losing his passion to Duel, Yuma encouraged him to continue, calling Kite his "goal". [45]  When Kite won the Duel, Yuma promised to beat Kite one day, which the latter accepted, saying that Yuma can Duel him as many times as it takes to achieve that goal. [89] 
 Ironically, there is some resemblance between Kite's and Yuma's Dueling styles, as both seem to prefer a more offense-based strategy, and their Dueling styles were at least somewhat compatible when they  Tag Dueled . This may have some relation about the similarities Yuma and Kite have that  Astral  himself has observed. [23]  At first, Kite denied being compared to Yuma, but seems to have somewhat acknowledged this when he asked Astral for support during their Tag Duel. [79] 
 
 Hart Tenjo 
 Having seen  Hart 's picture before, Yuma first met Hart by seeing him walking in the middle of a busy street and recognized him as Kite's brother. When an up coming truck was about run Hart over, Yuma tried to protect him. After Hart had blown a huge hole in the truck, Yuma kindly let Hart come home with them and let him stay for the night. Yuma was also happy when Hart finally started to eat something and enjoyed his time at dinner. At night, Yuma let Hart sleep in his hammock and covered him with a blanket. [78] 
 While Hart was having a power surge, Yuma ran into the explosion and hugged Hart, telling him "you're not alone" and promise to bring him to his brother. Also, Yuma helped Kite rescue Hart from the  Vetrix Family , and showed great concern when Hart was found unconscious. [78]  Yuma seems to have grown close to Hart, while speaking to him in his mind he ask Yuma and Astral to save his brother, Kite. [38]  When Vetrix used his connection to Hart to hurt Kite, Yuma rushed to  Heartland Tower  to save him and severed his link to Vetrix. [7] [8]  Likewise, Hart also cares deeply about Yuma as he is always doing things for his sake. [27]  Hart is also grateful towards Yuma for helping his brother overcome his guilt. [45] [89]  When Hart heard that Yuma was injured, Hart was very concerned about him and wanted to visit him at the hospital, even wanting to see Yuma on his own if Kite didn't go with him. [97] 
 
 Trey 
 Trey first took interest in Yuma during their  Tag-Team Duel  against each other, and was amazing at how he would keep sacrificing himself for Kite's safety. [6] [79]  On the other hand, Yuma thought of  Trey  as an enemy because he is part of the  Vetrix Family , but he learned that he likes all the artifacts that his dad had found, and let him stay at his house for lunch. Yuma thought that they had become friends, but Trey thought of his childhood and asked Yuma for a Duel. [82] 
 When the Duel commenced, Trey said he wanted to defeat Yuma because it would help his family. In that Duel, Trey became an uncontrollable monster, by the power of his  Crest , which cause him to very brutal to Yuma, and had supposedly killed  Astral , causing Yuma great anger and sadness. [43]  After unleashing the card, " Final Prophecy ", which pulled them into another dimension, Trey had a change of heart and used the power of his crest to help Yuma bring Astral back and asked them to defeat him. When Yuma won the Duel, and found Trey laying on the ground, Yuma quickly came to his side to help him up. Having developed a friendship with Trey, Trey asked Yuma to save his family before he disappeared with leaving behind his two " Number " cards and a  Heart Piece . After the Duel, he said the he will save Trey's family. [83]  During his Duel with Vetrix, Yuma mentions his promise to Trey, and that he will fight with all he has for Trey's sake. [12] 
 After Trey had awoken from his coma and Yuma had reformed Vertix, Trey and his family was watching the Duel between Yuma and Kite from a bridge. Before leaving with his family, Trey took once last glance at Yuma, and silently admiring and promising to meet him again someday. [45]  True to his promise, Trey and his family been watching over the events had happened to Yuma with the  Barians  and decided to step in, with Trey being entrusted with Yuma. When they met again, Trey promised Yuma that he would become Yuma's "sword and shield" and protect him. While Yuma was shocked by the unexpected events, Trey told Yuma that he was still his very first friend who saved him from his agony and sadness. Knowing Yuma was in grief after losing Astral, Trey understood he could never replace Astral, but wants to help and was willing risk his life to fight alongside Yuma as his friend. Smiling for the first time since Astral's departure, Yuma was touched by Trey's proclamation and gave back the "Numbers" Trey had used before as a sign of trust and friendship. [120]  This protectiveness also extends to the rest  Tron Family , both  Quinton  and  Quattro  both task themselves to looks after Yuma and his well-being. [124]  Vertix also seeks to repay his debt by helping Yuma save the world, often musing Yuma's actions gave his family back. [148] [20] 
 Near the end of his Duel with  Mizar , Trey was able to speak to Yuma before being defeated, saying that Yuma was a true friend and was happy to have met him. After Trey expressed hope that they will meet again one day, Yuma watched helplessly as Trey's and Quinton's souls were sent to the Barian World. [134] 
 After the  Interdimensional War  has ended and the brothers were revived, the family seems to taken up residents in  Heartland  and are still willing to help Yuma whenever he needs them. Trey also enrolled into  Heartland Academy , even though he's two years older than Yuma and his classmates, he enrolled as a first-year-student to be closer to the former. [18] 
 
 Ray Shadows/Vector 
 Before Yuma and  Ray Shadows  even met each other, Ray already knew Yuma because he won the  World Duel Carnival  and is a big fan of his. They first met when Ray crashed into Yuma on the way to his first day school, which annoyed Yuma upon the first impression. However, Ray was ecstatic to met Yuma, in albeit fanboyish fashion, and referred to Yuma as the "crown jewel" of  Heartland Academy  and  Heartland City . At first, Yuma found Ray troubling after forcefully dragged him through odd "shortcuts" to make it to school and complained to his friends about him, even though Ray was just trying to make sure Yuma wasn't late. Ray even tried to get Yuma a Duel with with pro-Duelist  Devon Knox , without Yuma's consent. When a Barian-brainwashed Devon Knox Dueled Ray to find Yuma, but Ray refuses to give him any information and is brutally defeated. During Yuma's Duel with Devon Knox, Ray implored Yuma to run away when Yuma was losing, but Yuma refused and said he's going to win for Ray too. After winning, Yuma officially befriends Ray and lets him carry him on his back when he offers to. [91] 
 As Ray became more involved in Yuma's life, Ray gave unyielding support to Yuma through everything, with or without Yuma's consent and/or knowledge. When their class voted for class president, Ray nominated Yuma, which Yuma was unaware of until Ray told him, and it was Ray's vote that allowed Yuma to win. [92]  Mysteriously and secretly, Ray was also shown to watch Yuma from afar when others are not during any Duel he has with the  Barian World 's brainwashed minions or anything related with the Barian World and Yuma. [92] [94]  Even before they met, Ray witness Yuma Duel with  Fender  from a window inside the school and smiled as he watch Yuma and his friends. [90]  Ray seems to only be concerned with Yuma when it come to the Barian's minions, as he went along with Yuma instead of staying to watch  Reginald Kastle 's Duel with a brainwashed  Art Stanley . [93]  As they become closer, Ray to follows Yuma wherever he goes, and Yuma sometimes forced Ray into joining him in his " kattobingu " challenges, despite Ray's protest. [47] 
 When  Girag  accused Ray of hurting Alito, Yuma became doubtful and began to question his character. After seeing Ray's usual good-natured intentions, Yuma restored his faith in him and tried to keep him out of danger. Ray found out about what Yuma was doing and was saddened that Yuma didn't trust him as a friend and was leaving him behind. In their  Battle Royal , Yuma did his best to protect Ray, even though it hindered him against Girag. [99]  When he saw how Yuma was willing to defend him at all costs, Ray started to protect Yuma and revealed his true nature as a member of the  Barian Cosmic Crime Unit . They worked together to defeat Girag and formed a new monster from their bonds, " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ". Later, Ray explained to Yuma about his mission and told him that he needed to keep it a secret from everybody else. He also told Yuma that he sincerely considered him as a friend and jokingly told him that he will be his "subordinate" from now, which Yuma excitedly agreed to. [100]  Yuma also gained a level of admiration and respect for Ray, finding his position of "Barian's Guardian" amazing and dutifully followed any of Ray's orders. [101]   [104]  When  Vector  tried to abduct Yuma, Ray shielded Yuma and got captured instead, which left Yuma greatly shocked. [106]  Wanting to save Ray, Yuma traveled to the  Barian World , only to find Ray's seemingly lifeless body and was devastated that he lost his friend. [107] 
 As "Ray" is the newest addition to Yuma's circle of friends, Yuma calls "Ray" by his supposed last name "Shingetsu" instead of his first name like Yuma does with his other friends, and "Ray" used the honorific " kun " when addressing Yuma to signify their budding friendship. (in the dub, Yuma simply calls Ray by his first name) Upon "Ray" falsely revealing his position as a member of the "Barian Cosmic Crime Unit" and recruited Yuma as his underling, they established a superior/subordinate relation when working together, addressing each other as "Officer Shingetsu" and "Detective Yuma" receptively.
 Later on, "Ray" revealed that he was  Vector  in human form, which extremely devestated Yuma. Vector explained it was a cruel, elaborated plan to get closer to Yuma and orchestrate his downfall. With the friendship he once hold dear revealed to be a lie, Yuma was furious and became emotionally and mentally distraught. [30]  After repairing his bond with Astral, Yuma recovered from Vector's cruelty, though Vector still takes pleasure in taunting him in his human form and using his "Ray" voice [109] [110] . Despite Yuma's hatred of Vector, he made an attempt to reach out to him after his true memories were revealed, and got angry at Don Thousand for what he did. [143]  When  Don Thousand  was about to absorb Vector, Yuma goes to save him, which Vector hoping dragged Yuma him. However, Yuma did not mind and was willing to go with Vector, wanting to reconcile his bond with him as "Ray". Touched by Yuma's kindness, Vector had a change of heart and decided to sacrifice himself to ensure Yuma's safety, calling him "Yuma-kun" one last time. [144] 
 After the  Interdimensional War  has ended and the Vector and the other emperors were revived, Vector is friendly terms Yuma, calling him "Yuma-kun" again. He even joins Yuma and his allies to help with the  Astral World  new crisis, which Yuma pleasantly welcomes. [18] 
 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Yuma Tsukumo's Decks 
 Yuma uses an " Xyz One Turn Kill " [1] [2]  Deck, which is supported by the powerful " Number " cards and focuses on performing  Xyz Summons . He has a high number of  Trap Cards , which mostly protect his monsters and reduce battle damage. He can support his monsters with some  ATK  boosting cards, like " Wonder Wand ", " Blustering Winds ", " Bound Wand ", and " Double or Nothing! ". His  signature card  is " Number 39: Utopia ". Like his other "Numbers" however, he can only use it when  Astral  is fighting by his side. His main strategy focuses on bringing out "Utopia" and making it strong enough to beat the opponent.
 After his time at the  Duel Sanctuary ,  Roku  gave Yuma the "Duel Sanctuary Legendary Deck". According to Roku, the Deck is appropriate for Yuma and should answer his feelings. Yuma combined elements from both this Deck and his first Deck into a single Deck. Also, if Yuma and Astral believe in their possibilities, they gain the power to  Chaos Xyz Evolution  "Utopia" into " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". Using  ZEXAL , he can create  Zexal Weapons  cards which gives "Utopia Ray" extra ATK and abilities.
 In the  World Duel Carnival , Yuma seems to be focusing on fighting less with his "Numbers", instead he uses normal Xyz Monsters against opponents that lack "Numbers" of their own. This is due to him feeling that it is unfair to use "Numbers" against a non-"Number" user.
 Yuma's Deck has parallels with those of  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki  and  Yusei Fudo . Like Yugi, he uses a Deck which previously belonged to  a relative . Like Jaden, he obtains a  new  Deck which he combines with his original Deck. Like Yusei, he makes extensive use of his series'  new mechanic . Like the three of them, his ace card, "Utopia" has 2500  ATK .
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 School bully
 
 19 
 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 
 19 
 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 School bully
 
 19 
 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 20 
 
 Lose (four times, flashback)
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 1 - 2 
 Win
 
 
 Caswell Francis 
 3 
 Lose
 
 
 Mr. Kay 
 3 - 4 
 Win
 
 
 Flip Turner 
 5 - 6 
 Win
 
 
 Nelson Andrews 
 7 - 8 
 Win
 
 
 Cathy Katherine 
 9 
 Win
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 10 
 Lose
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 11 
 Lose (nineteen times, off-screen)
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 11 
 Lose
 
 
 Caswell Francis 
 11 
 Not shown
 
 
 Scorch  and  Chills 
 11 - 12 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle )
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 13 - 14 
 No result
 
 
 Roku 
 15 
 Lose
 
 
 Kaze 
 15 - 16 
 Win
 
 
 Fortuno 
 17 - 18 
 Win
 
 
 Number 96's holder 
 20 
 Win
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 20 
 Lose (influenced by  Number 96 )
 
 
 Lillybot 
 21 
 Lose
 
 
 Lillybot 
 21 
 Lose (with  Bronk Stone )
 
 
 Lillybot 
 21 
 Win
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 
 24 
 
 DRAW  (Duel taken over for  Astral )
 
 
 Striker Crossit 
 27 
 Win
 
 
 Cody Callus 
 28 
 Win
 
 
 Anna Kaboom 
 29 
 Win
 
 
 Tombo Tillbitty 
 30 
 Win
 
 
 Charlie McCay 
 32 
 Win
 
 
 Cameron Clix 
 35 - 36 
 Win
 
 
 Dextra  and  Nistro 
 37 - 38 
 Win
 
 
 Quattro  and  Trey 
 42 - 43 
 Win (with  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Roku 
 44 
 Lose
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 46 
 No result
 
 
 Trey 
 47 - 49 
 Win
 
 
 Wolfsbane ,  Coyote , and  Jackal 
 
 51 - 52 
 
 Win (with  Anna Kaboom  and  Nistro ;  Duel Coaster )
 
 
 Quinton 
 53 
 No result (with  Nistro ;  Duel Coaster )
 
 
 Nistro 
 59 
 Win ( Desert Field )
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 61 - 62 
 Win
 
 
 Vetrix 
 65 - 67 
 Win
 
 
 Dr. Faker / Vector 
 69 - 71 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle  and  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 72 - 73 
 Lose
 
 
 Fender 
 74 - 75 
 Win
 
 
 Devon Knox 
 76 
 Win
 
 
 Carlyle Chesterton 
 77 
 Win
 
 
 Alito 
 80 
 Win
 
 
 Unnamed student 
 81 
 No result
 
 
 Caswell Francis  and  Flip Turner 
 81 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle ;  Skydiving Field )
 
 
 Bronk Stone  and  Rio Kastle 
 81 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle ;  Beach Volleyball Field )
 
 
 Tori Meadows  and  Cathy Katherine 
 81 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle ;  Table Tennis Field )
 
 
 Tori Meadows  and  Cathy Katherine 
 81 
 Win (with  Girag ;  Baseball Field )
 
 
 Mizar 
 82 - 83 
 No result (Duel taken over by  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 84 
 Win
 
 
 Barian -brainwashed students 
 85 
 Win (with  Reginald Kastle ,  Rio Kastle , and  Alito )
 
 
 Alito 
 85 - 86 
 Win
 
 
 Girag 
 87 - 88 
 Win (with  Ray Shadows )
 
 
 Shadow Giant 
 89 
 Win
 
 
 Orbital 7 
 90 
 Win
 
 
 Mayday Walker  and  Brooke Walker 
 92 - 93 
 Win (with  Anna Kaboom )
 
 
 Vector  (clone) 
 94 
 Win
 
 
 Vector 
 95 - 98 
 Win ( Sargasso the Different Dimension Battlefield )
 
 
 Mach 
 99 - 100 
 Win
 
 
 Nistro  and  Alito 
 103 - 104 
 Win (with  Dextra )
 
 
 Girag / Ponta 
 107 
 Win
 
 
 Number 96 
 110 - 111 
 Win (Duel taken over by  Astral )
 
 
 Erazor 
 112 - 113 
 Win (with  Trey )
 
 
 Eliphas 
 118 - 121 
 Win
 
 
 Mr. Heartland 
 123 
 Win (Duel taken over for  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Alito 
 129 - 130 
 Win
 
 
 Don Thousand 
 138 - 141 
 Win (with  Nash )
 
 
 Nash 
 141 - 143 
 Win
 
 
 Astral 
 144 - 146 
 Win
 
 
 Cathy Katherine 
 146 
 Not shown
 
 Trivia 
 Yuma is the first main protagonist to not use any  Normal Monsters  in his Deck. 
 Yuma has the following distinctions from the other main protagonists:
 He is the only one to have any siblings (in this case, an  older sister ), although  Yuto ,  Yugo  and  Yuri  were  Yuya 's brothers in the  manga . 
 He is the only one to have never successfully performed a  Fusion Summon , as well as the only post- GX  main protagonist to have never successfully performed a  Synchro Summon . 
 He is the only one to never defeat his  primary rival  in the anime, although he does so in the manga. This is especially odd because one of Yuma's major goals was to defeat Kite in a Duel. 
 He is the only one who regularly switches between his casual clothes and his school uniform. 
 Yuma has several similarities to  Yugi .
 Both wear a golden pendant (Emperor's Key and the  Millennium Puzzle ) that connects them to their partners (Astral and  Yami Yugi ). 
 They live with a grandparent (Haru and  Solomon ) and another female relative (Kari and  Mrs. Muto ). 
 They have a female friend that they've known since childhood (Tori and  Téa ) and their best friends used to pick on them (Bronk and  Joey ). 
 Both have been called hosts for their partners. 
 Both were initially looked down upon by their rivals (Kite and  Kaiba ), but eventually proved themselves. 
 Yuma and Yugi's partners also have many similarities as well.
 They Dueled against their partners in the final episodes and won. Also before the Duels, their friends offered them their cards to help but refused. 
 They were separated from their partners after sacrificing themselves, except Yugi sacrificed himself for Yami while Astral sacrificed himself for Yuma. 
 In the final Duel, both used monsters that represented themselves separated from their partners ("Number F0: Utopic Future" and " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction "). They also managed to win using Spell Cards with symbolic meanings to them ("Double or Nothing!" and " Gold Sarcophagus "). 
 
 
 Unlike all other main protagonists, Yuma was not a very talented duelist at the start of his series but instead develops into one over time.
 He also has the most losses of any main protagonist, with 33 confirmed losses (though many of these losses occurred either off-screen or in flashbacks). 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 53: " Test Your Luck! " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   2.6   2.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 59: " Rockin' and Rollin' " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Cast" . ktla.com .  http://affiliate.zap2it.com/tv/yu-gi-oh-zexal/cast/EP01482633 . Retrieved September 1, 2012 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   4.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 2: " Go With the Flow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   5.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 41: " Losing Hart " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 42: " A Dubious Duo " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   7.3   7.4   7.5   7.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 63: " The Hart of the Matter " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   8.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 64: " Change of Hart " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   9.2   9.3   9.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 14: " The Number Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 61: " Duel of Destiny: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   11.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 65: " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   12.2   12.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 66: " Sphere of Fear: Part II " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 86: " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://68.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png .  and  "Main Character Comparison Sheet" .  http://40.media.tumblr.com/536927e46afc80f3421681c5b566354a/tumblr_n37ishvPTv1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  character profiles" . TVTokyo.com .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-zexal/chara/index.html . Retrieved July 4, 2012 . 
 
 ↑  16.00   16.01   16.02   16.03   16.04   16.05   16.06   16.07   16.08   16.09   16.10   16.11   16.12   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 30: " No Tomato " 
 
 ↑  18.00   18.01   18.02   18.03   18.04   18.05   18.06   18.07   18.08   18.09   18.10   18.11   18.12   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   19.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑  20.0   20.1   20.2   20.3   20.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 ↑  21.0   21.1   21.2   21.3   21.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 67: " Sphere of Fear: Part 3 " 
 
 ↑  22.00   22.01   22.02   22.03   22.04   22.05   22.06   22.07   22.08   22.09   22.10   22.11   22.12   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   23.2   23.3   23.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   24.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 32: " Life is a Carnival: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   25.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 55: " Portal of Doom " 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   26.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 56: " Cosmic Chaos " 
 
 ↑  27.0   27.1   27.2   27.3   27.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 71: " A Trio's Challenge: Part III " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   28.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 38: " Double Jeopardy: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  29.0   29.1   29.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 5: " Flipping Out, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  30.0   30.1   30.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 96: " Shadows of Deception " 
 
 ↑  31.0   31.1   31.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 100: " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  32.0   32.1   32.2   32.3   32.4   32.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 18: " It's in the Cards, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  33.0   33.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 52: " Roller Coaster Rampage! " 
 
 ↑  34.0   34.1   34.2   34.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑  35.0   35.1   35.2   35.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 50: " Party Panic " 
 
 ↑  36.0   36.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑  37.0   37.1   37.2   37.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 10: " Shark Attack " 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   38.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 60: " Doctor Visit " 
 
 ↑  39.0   39.1   39.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 35: " Bad Developments: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  40.0   40.1   40.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 54: " Welcome to the Jungle " 
 
 ↑  41.0   41.1   41.2   41.3   41.4   41.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 28: " Heavy Metal " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 21: " Battle with the Bot " 
 
 ↑  43.0   43.1   43.2   43.3   43.4   43.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 48: " Exit: Astral " 
 
 ↑  44.0   44.1   44.2   44.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 62: " Duel of Destiny: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  45.0   45.1   45.2   45.3   45.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  46.0   46.1   46.2   46.3   46.4   46.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  47.0   47.1   47.2   47.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 80: " Rivals in the Ring " 
 
 ↑  48.0   48.1   48.2   48.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 98: " Shadows End " 
 
 ↑  49.0   49.1   49.2   49.3   49.4   49.5   49.6   49.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑  50.0   50.1   50.2   50.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 22: " The Shark Hunter " 
 
 ↑  51.0   51.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 6: " Flipping Out, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  52.0   52.1   52.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 7: " The Sparrow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  53.0   53.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 9: " Feline Frenzy " 
 
 ↑  54.0   54.1   54.2   54.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 15: " Training Days, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  55.0   55.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑  56.0   56.1   56.2   56.3   56.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  57.0   57.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 99: " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " 
 
 ↑  58.0   58.1   58.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 118: " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  59.0   59.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 27: " A Team Performance " 
 
 ↑  60.0   60.1   60.2   60.3   60.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 20: " Roots of the Problem " 
 
 ↑  61.0   61.1   61.2   61.3   61.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 5: " Plot and Counterplot?! " 
 
 ↑  63.0   63.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  64.0   64.1   64.2   64.3   64.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 8: " The Sparrow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  65.0   65.1   65.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 11: " The Pack, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  66.0   66.1   66.2   66.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 12: " The Pack, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  67.0   67.1   67.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 13: " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  68.0   68.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 16: " Training Days, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  69.0   69.1   69.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 17: " It's in the Cards, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  70.0   70.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 25: " Frozen in Time " 
 
 ↑  71.0   71.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 29: " Love Hurts " 
 
 ↑  72.0   72.1   72.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 31: " Life is a Carnival: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 33: " Foolish Fans " 
 
 ↑  74.0   74.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 34: " Shark Bait " 
 
 ↑  75.0   75.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 36: " Bad Developments: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  76.0   76.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 37: " Double Jeopardy: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 39: " Pets Peeved " 
 
 ↑  78.0   78.1   78.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 40: " About Hart " 
 
 ↑  79.0   79.1   79.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 43: " The Dragon Awakens " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 44: " Rock and a Hard Place " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑  82.0   82.1   82.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 46: " Family Leave " 
 
 ↑  83.0   83.1   83.2   83.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 49: " Crestfallen " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 57: " Depths of Darkness " 
 
 ↑  85.0   85.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 58: " Swimming With Sharks " 
 
 ↑  86.0   86.1   86.2   86.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 68: " The Countdown Begins " 
 
 ↑  87.0   87.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 69: " A Trio's Challenge: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  88.0   88.1   88.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 70: " A Trio's Challenge: Part II " 
 
 ↑  89.0   89.1   89.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  90.0   90.1   90.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  91.0   91.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 76: " Hard Knox " 
 
 ↑  92.0   92.1   92.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 77: " Rule Duel " 
 
 ↑  93.0   93.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 78: " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " 
 
 ↑  94.0   94.1   94.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 79: " Doom in Bloom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 82: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  96.0   96.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 83: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  97.0   97.1   97.2   97.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 84: " Playing Defense " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 85: " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  99.0   99.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 87: " Dual Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  100.0   100.1   100.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 88: " Dual Duel: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  101.0   101.1   101.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 89: " Darkness Dawns " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 ↑  104.0   104.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 93: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  106.0   106.1   106.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 94: " Enter Vector " 
 
 ↑  107.0   107.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑  108.0   108.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 97: " Sinister Shadows " 
 
 ↑  109.0   109.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 101: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  110.0   110.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 102: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 103: " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  112.0   112.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 104: " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 105: " Put to the Test: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 106: " Put to the Test: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  115.0   115.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 107: " Furry Fury " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 108: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 109: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 110: " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  119.0   119.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 111: " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  120.0   120.1   120.2   120.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 112: " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  121.0   121.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 113: " Memory Thief: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  122.0   122.1   122.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 114: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  123.0   123.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 115: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  124.0   124.1   124.2   124.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 116: " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 117: " Now or Never, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  126.0   126.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 119: " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  127.0   127.1   127.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 120: " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 122: " Assimilation, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  129.0   129.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 123: " Assimilation, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  130.0   130.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 124: " Battle with the Barians " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 125: " Fight for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 126: " Farewell for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 127: " Settling the Score, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  134.0   134.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 128: " Settling the Score, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 129: " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 130: " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 131: " Power Play " 
 
 ↑  138.0   138.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 132: " Barian vs. Barian " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 133: " Vector the Victor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 134: " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 136: " The Forsaken Palace " 
 
 ↑  143.0   143.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 137: " Clash of the Emperors " 
 
 ↑  144.0   144.1   144.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 138: " The New World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 139: " The Source Code " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 140: " A Thousand Ways to Lose " 
 
 ↑  147.0   147.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 141: " The Fate of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑  148.0   148.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑  149.0   149.1   149.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 143: " The Future of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 145: " Outclassed and Outmatched " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yuma Tsukumo  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival (Zexal) 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist (Yuma) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yuma_%28Masterpiece%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150425012626', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Yumafull.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121208201531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Yuma_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130715031145', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Yuma_gazer.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110629110205', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/ZLx001_Yuma%27s_parents.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110412015137', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Yuma%27s_Shining_Draw.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130915180647', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Younger_Yuma_climbing_a_mountain.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110921225524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/Yuma_laugh.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110823053718', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/The_key.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110822185835', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/Bronk%2C_Yuma%2C_%26_Tori_as_little_kids_1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180217041601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Demonic_Door.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110417113525', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Sem_T%C3%ADtulo2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110417113829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/ReginaldvsYuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160115045142', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Yuas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110419115703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Yuma_and_Astral_during_Ukyo%27s_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908153913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Yuma_activates_Needle_Swordsman%27s_effect.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908154110', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Yuma_meets_Fuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908154217', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Younger_Yuma_and_his_mother.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110908154337', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/1_-_Cathy_in_Yuma%27s_room.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110922192827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/Yuma_and_Astral_surrounded_by_cats.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908154456', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Shark_nearly_runs_over_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110831165529', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Shark_earns_the_Emperor%27s_key.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908154827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/Shark_partners_up_with_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908155203', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Yuma_protecting_Shark_through_Number_39%27s_effect.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908155352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Yuma_facing_two_Number_monsters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908155521', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/Yuma_feels_he_could_never_be_a_Duel_Champion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120718003045', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Haru_asks_Yuma_to_do_an_errand_for_her.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908155753', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/Yuma_checking_the_Secret_Deck%27s_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110920215345', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/Astral_and_Yuma_on_strife.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20201107051611', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Fortuno_versus_yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20201107045634', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/Yuma_and_Astral_do_Chaos_Xyz_Change.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110921175939', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Yuma_challenges_the_20_boxes_jump.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110921180047', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/Number_96_dueling_through_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110921180207', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/Orbital_7_misses_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110920185423', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/ZEXAL_POWER.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110919194500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Yuma_bond.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111025012448', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/Yuma_in_the_Soccer_field.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111118011703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Yuma_VS_Shobee_ZX_JP_028.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120406175428', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/CharlieMcCoyversusYumaTsukumo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111122224036', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Yuma_Wins_Againist_Cameron.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151022062435', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/ZXx037_YumavsDextraandNistro.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111228072459', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/GaucheforcesYumatosayHaruto%27swhereaboutstohim.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120201015344', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Zexal-41_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120131133418', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Yuma_recovers_in_Kattobing.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120426020018', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/III_giving_Yuma_his_Crest%27s_power.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120415001214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Tori%2C_Yuma_and_Astral_in_the_Duel_Coaster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120417220541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Tronloomesoverhead.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120508051303', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/YumathrottlesKite.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140604174438', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/YumaUrgingKiteOn.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160114040706', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/BarianChains.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160114041830', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/GaucheandYumashakehands.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120611160836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/GiantFakerHologram1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160115041206', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/ChaosNumberThunder.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160115042835', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Yuma_vs_Tron.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120726122523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Yuma_before_Shining_Draw.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120821161424', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/YumaLosestheNumbers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140606025036', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Dr._Faker_VS_Yuma%2CKite%2CShark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120827143233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/TheComingRematchZX71.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140608033041', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Yuma_Tsukumo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121024172439', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/YGOZL_076_Preview.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121025130957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Astral%2C_Yuma%2C_and_Rei.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121216033952', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Don%27tCallMeShark%27sSister.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140612202535', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Yuma_and_Gilag_vs_Tori_and_Cathy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130106001335', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Yuma_VS_Misael.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121214193848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Yuma_Held_By_Controlled_Rei.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130107043205', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/ZEXAL_episode_86.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130113114524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Yuma_%26_rei_facing_Gilag.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130511160536', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Giant_vs_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130511160825', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Yuma%27s_afro.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130511130410', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/AnnaYumaTag.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130225003747', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Yuma_Draws_Limit_Barains_Force_.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130309064046', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Yuma_vs._Vector.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130317194827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/DarkZexal-ZX97.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130331090517', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/ZEXAL_II_%28Power%29_Upgrade.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/160?cb=20131022002037', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/End_Snapshot_Win.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130407145231', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/Yuma_Vs_Macha.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130414163726', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Yuma_In_Ruins.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130509022741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Kite_Saves_Yuma_.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130526071102', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Yuma_%26_Dextra_Vs_Alit_%26_Nistro.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131020010809', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Jinlong_in_his_true_form_confronts_Yuma_and_others.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20131020011107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Ponta_Possessing_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130609190152', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/YumasavesRio.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130928045313', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/Yuma%2C_Tori_and_Shark_getting_pulled_by_Number_96.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131019002021', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/Number_96_vs_Zexal_II.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130708091651', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Erazor_Vs._Yuma_%26_Trey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130714124038', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Yuma_%26_III_Cheering_For_IV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104023409', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Eliphas_warning_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130826104139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Kazuma%27s_message_to_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130826075525', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Eliphas_vs._Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130825122139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/Screenshot_2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131020012717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Yuma_and_Astral_obtain_ZEXAL_III.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131020013007', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Resonance_between_Nasch_and_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131020021646', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Yuma_%26_III.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104023522', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Yuma%27sTears128.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131107042637', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d8/Alito_vs_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131110124452', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/Yuma%27sTears135.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140110040401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/MizarGivesYumaNumber100.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140201234552', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/ZEXAL%27sBodyCount.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140212064724', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/Nash_vs_Astral_%26_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104001847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Nash_talks_to_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104023820', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Yuma_returns_to_Heartland.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104024923', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Yuma_reunites_with_his_friends.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104025747', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Yuma%27s_room_being_invaded.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104030218', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/YumaAdmiresUtopia.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140405031844', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/Yuma_%26_Future_Hope.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104030938', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Yuma_saying_goodbye_to_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104031223', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/Yuma_going_to_see_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104031623', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Manga_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/125?cb=20120628184401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Yuma_In_D_Team_Zexal.gif/revision/latest?cb=20120404005938', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/YumaTsukumo-Clash.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20131106150942', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d8/YumaTsukumoDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930142652', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/YumaTsukumo-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150131232350', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/YumaTsukumoMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/151?cb=20190613145917', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/Yuma-TFSP-Ending.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150125053210', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Number39Utopia-JP-Anime-ZX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120607210546', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/ZLx004_Yuma_vs_Ukyo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110504214356', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/YumafacesSharkDrake.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160115041746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/ZEXAL_episode_065.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120726123940', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/VolcasaurusAtlandis.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130323044207', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Astral_%26_Yuma_fighting.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Yuma_%26_Astral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150110021243', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Yuma_thinking_of_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021454', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Yuma_%26_Astral_Stargazing.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Tori_confesses.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180217061829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/ZLx001_Shark_and_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110411104332']
Categories: Characters, Yuma Tsukumo pages