Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/UNLEASH

For the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  composition, see  Unleash .      
 
 " UNLEASH " (ハナテ,  HANATE ) is the third Japanese opening theme of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime, performed by  Gekidan Niagara . It debuted on April 5, 2015, in  episode 50 , and was replaced by " Trump Card " in  episode 76 .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Changes 
 2   Recording Credits 
 3   Video 
 
 3.1   First Version 
 3.2   Second Version 
 3.3   Third Version 
 3.4   Special Version 
 
 
 4   Lyrics (TV Size 
 5   Lyrics (Full Version) 
 6   Characters 
 7   Duel Monsters 
 
 7.1   Card Appearance 
 7.2   Monster Appearance 
 
 
 8   Single 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Changes 
 Episode 54 :
 Some of the scenes shown in the first version are moved to be shown earlier or later than previously. 
 The beginning scene where the seven Junior Youth  Lancers  are shown is slightly altered, as the animation moves earlier than before. 
 The stock footage of " Lunalight Cat Dancer " is changed to Yuya turning around to see the  Duel Chasers  and  Jean-Michel Roget . 
 The stock footage of Yugo summoning " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon  is changed to the Turbo Duel platforms rising from the slums of  New Domino City  and readying for a Duel. 
 The stock footage of " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon 's" Summoning and attack is replaced by Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon and "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" racing through the skies of New Domino City, past  Crow  and  Jack . 
 Clips showing Jean-Michel Roget,  Melissa Trail , and  Lucas Swank  are added to the end of the opening. 
 Jack is no longer silhouetted when he is seen Summoning the still silhouetted " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ". Furthermore, the fire animation behind Jack has been changed. 
 Episode 65 :
 "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" is no longer silhouetted when Summoned. 
       Special Opening     
 Episode 73 :
 To commemorate the 777th episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime, this version focuses on Yuya and all four previous protagonists. 
 The opening entirely consists of footage from the first three  ARC-V  openings, pictures of the five protagonists from a  calendar  and footage from several previous episodes of the entire anime, including a shot from the  fourth  GX  opening . 
 Recording Credits 
 Performed by: Gekidan Niagara (劇団ナイアガラ) 
 Lyrics by: Tasuke Inamura (稲村太佑) 
 Composed by: Yoshimitsu Taki (滝 善充) 
 Record Label: Marvelous (マーベラス) 
 Video 
 First Version 
 Second Version 
 Third Version 
 Special Version 
                 Yu-Gi-Oh Arc-V Opening 3 Version 4     
 Lyrics (TV Size 
 Kanji Rōmaji English 
 
 ぞくぞく 一 杯 　ワクワク 召 喚 
このカードが 呼 んでいる 
 怒 涛 の 展 開 　ゆけ　 効 果 発 動 
お 楽 しみは　さあ　これからさ 
チャージしてボンバー 
エネルギッシュに 始 めよう　 ３   ２   １   Ｇｏ ！ 
ああ　 今 　 戦 いのメロディー 奏 で 
 放 てモンスター　 胸 に 秘 めた 情 熱 全 部 
 逃 げないで　このキズナを 信 じて 
 放 てモンスター　どんなもんだ　 明日 は 目 の 前 
ほら　どでかい　 ＡＲＡＳＨＩ  バチバチ　 飛 ばして 
スピードの 向 こうへ
 
 
 
 Zokuzoku ippai wakuwaku shōkan 
Kono kādo ga yondeiru 
Dotō no tenkai, yuke, kōka hatsudō 
Otanoshimi wa saa kore kara sa 
Chāji shite bonbā 
Enerugisshu ni hajimeyō Surī, Tsū, Wan, Gō! 
Aa ima tatakai no merodī kanade 
Hanate monsutā mune ni himeta jōnetsu zenbu 
Nigenaide kono kizuna wo shinjite 
Hanate monsutā donna monda ashita wa me no mae 
Hora dodekai ARASHI bachbachi tobashite 
Supīdo no mukō e
 
 
 
 Thrilling summons, one after another 
Are being called forth by these cards 
Unfolding by leaps and bounds, go, effect, activate! 
The real fun, come on now, has just begun 
Charge, Bomber 
Let's start it energetically, 3, 2, 1, go! 
Ah, now, let's play the melody of battle 
Unleash it, my monster! All that passion hidden within 
Don't run away, believe in these bonds 
Unleash it, my monster! Whatever happens, tomorrow is right in front of our eyes 
Hey, a giant thundering storm is rolling forth 
To beyond the speed!
 
 
 Lyrics (Full Version) 
 Kanji Rōmaji 
 
 ぞくぞく 一 杯 　ワクワク 召 喚 
このカードが 呼 んでいる 
 怒 涛 の 展 開 　ゆけ　 効 果 発 動 
お 楽 しみは　さあ　これからさ 
 立 ちはだかる　 奴 らの 陰 謀 　 未 知 のバトル 繰 り 返 し 
 諦 めるな　リベンジ 決 めて　 地 面 を 蹴 り　 拳 　 突 き 上 げた 
 
チャージしてボンバー 
エネルギッシュに　 始 めよう　 ３   ２   １   Ｇｏ ！ 
ああ　 今 　 戦 いのメロディー 奏 で 
 放 てモンスター　 胸 に 秘 めた 情 熱 全 部 
 逃 げないで　このキズナを 信 じて 
 放 てモンスター　どんなもんだ　 明日 は 目 の 前 
ほら　どでかい  ＡＲＡＳＨＩ  バチバチ　 飛 ばして 
スピードの 向 こうへ 
 
 誇 り 高 き  Ｓ 召 喚 　 新 たなキセキ 起 こして 
もう 止 めるな　ゆけ　スーパー 波 動 　お 楽 しみはさあこれからさ 
シャッフルでサンダー　ボルトを 上 げて  始 めよう　 ３   ２   １   Ｇｏ ！ 
ああ 今 　 光 さすメロディー 奏 で～ 
 騒 げモンスター　そして 今日 も 両 手 広 げ　 飛 び 出 せ　このキズナを 信 じて 
 放 てモンスター　どんなもんだ　 明日 は 目 の 前 
 空 駆 け 抜 け　 確 かなキセキ　 夢 見 て～ 
 
 僕 らがこの 星 で　 生 まれた 意 味 探 してる　いつだって 
こぼれた 落 ちた 涙 と　 傷 ついたその数だけ　やさしくなれるから 
Ｃｏｍｅ　ｏｎ　Ｃｏｍｅ　ｏｎ　 このカードが　ほら  今   呼 んでいる 
Ａｌｒｉｇｈｔ　Ａｌｒｉｇｈｔ  宿 命 の 戦 いが　 幕 開 けさ 
 
 放 てモンスター　 胸 に 秘 めた 情 熱 全 部 
 騒 げモンスター　そして 今日 も 両 手 広 げ　 飛 び 出 せ　このリズムに 合 わせて 
 
Ｉｔ’ｓ　ＴＩＭＥ　ＹＥＡＲ！　ＣＲＡＳＨ！ 暗 闇 さえ 切 り 裂 いていく 
ＧＥＴ　ＳＰＡＲＫ　ＹＥＡＲ！ＤＡＳＨ　 走 り 出 せるどこまでも 
 放 てモンスター　どんなもんだ　 明日 は 目 の 前 
ほら　どでかい　 ＡＲＡＳＨＩ  バチバチ　 飛 ばして 
スピードの 向 こうへ
 
 
 
 Zokuzoku ippai wakuwaku shoukan kono kaado ga yonde iru 
dotou no tenkai yuke kouka hatsudou otanoshimi wa saa korekara sa. 
Tachihadakaru yatsura no inbou michi no batoru kurikaeshi 
akirameru na ribenji kimete jimen o keri kobushi tsukiageta. 
Chāji shite bonbā enerugisshu ni hajimeyou 321 GO! 
 
Aa ima tatakai no merodī kanade. 
 
Hanate monsutaa mune ni himeta jounetsu zenbu 
nigenaide kono kizuna o shinjite. 
Hanate monsutā don'na monda ashita wa me no mae 
horado dekai arashi bachibachi tobashite 
supīdo no mukou e. 
 
Hokori takaki shinkuro shōkan aratana kiseki okoshite 
mou tomeru na yuke suupaa hadou otanoshimi wa sā korekara sa. 
Shaffuru de sandā boruto o agete hajimeyou 321 GO! 
Aa ima hikari sasu merodī kanade. 
Sawage monsutā soshite kyō mo ryōte hiroge 
tobidase kono kizuna o shinjite. 
Hanate monsutā don'na monda ashita wa me no mae 
sora kakenuke tashikana kiseki 
yumemite. 
 
Bokura ga kono hoshi de umareta imi sagashi teru itsu datte. 
Koboreta ochita namida to kizutsuita sono sū dake yasashiku narerukara. 
COME ON COME ON kono kādo ga hora ima yonde iru 
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT Alright shukumei no tatakai ga makuake sa. 
 
Hanate monsutā mune ni himeta jōnetsu zenbu 
nigenaide kono kizuna o shinjite. 
Sawage monsutā soshite kyō mo ryōte hiroge tobidase kono rizumu ni awa sete. 
IT’S TIME YEAR! CRASH! Kurayami sae kirisaite iku 
GET SPARK YEAR! DASH hashiridaseru doko made mo. 
 
Hanate monsutā don'na monda ashita wa me no mae 
horado dekai arashi bachibachi tobashite 
supīdo no mukō e.
 
 
 Characters 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle  (first to third version) 
 Gong Strong  (first to third version) 
 Declan Akaba  (first to third version) 
 Shay Obsidian  (first to third version) 
 Sylvio Sawatari  (first to third version) 
 Celina  (first to third version) 
 Dennis McField  (first to third version) 
 Yugo  (first to third version) 
 Moon Shadow  (first to third version) 
 Riley Akaba  (first to third version) 
 Leo Akaba  (first to third version) 
 Jack Atlas  (first to third version; silhouette in first version) 
 Crow Hogan  (second & third version) 
 Duel Chasers  (second & third version) 
 Jean-Michel Roget  (second & third version) 
 Melissa Trail  (second & third version) 
 Lucas Swank  (second & third version) 
 Yami Yugi  (special version) 
 Yugi Muto  (special version) 
 Jaden Yuki  (special version) 
 Yusei Fudo  (special version) 
 Yuma Tsukumo  (special version) 
 Duel Monsters 
 Card Appearance 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon  (first to third version) 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend  (first to third version; covered) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  (special version) 
 Stargazer Magician  (special version) 
 Timegazer Magician  (special version) 
 Monster Appearance 
 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel  (first to third version) 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian  (first to third version) 
 Abyss Actor - Superstar  (first to third version) 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  (special version) 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon  (first to third version) 
 Elemental HERO Neos  (special version) 
 Hippo Token  x3 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer  (first to third version) 
 Number F0: Utopic Future  (special version) 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon 
 Performage Trapeze Magician  (first to third version) 
 Performapal Drummerilla 
 Performapal Fire Mufflerlion 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Performapal Lizardraw 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Performapal Spikeagle 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon  (first to third version) 
 Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  (special version) 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend  (first to third version; silhouette in the first and second version) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  (special version) 
 Stardust Dragon  (special version) 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei  (first to third version) 
 Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo  (first to third version) 
 Timegazer Magician 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu  (first to third version) 
 Single 
         The cover of the single.     
 The single containing and named after UNLEASH was released on May 27, 2015 and contains the following tracks:
 
 UNLEASH (ハナテ  Hanate ) 
 Miracle Milk (ミラクルミルク  Mirakuru Miruku ) 
 UNLEASH (instrumental) 
 Miracle Milk (instrumental) 
 Trivia 
 For the special opening, footage featuring scenes from  Duel Monsters  and  GX  are cropped, so they can fit into the 16:9 format. 
 Despite the special version was created specifically for  episode 73 , it is also played in the following two episodes afterwards. 
 v e 
 ← ZEXAL   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  music  VRAINS → 
   
Japanese Sound Duel 1 
 " Believe x Believe (TV Size) " 
 " Main Theme " 
 " Yuya Sakaki's Theme " 
 " The Fun and Cheery Entertainment Duel! " 
 " Gongenzaka's Theme " 
 " The Legendary Duelist " 
 " The Start of Action Duels " 
 " Showtime! " 
 " Shake! The Pendulum of the Soul! " 
 " Sora Shiun'in's Theme " 
 " DDD " 
 " The Heart Made of Glass " 
 " An Unstable Thought " 
 " A Battle that Cannot be Lost " 
 " Busy Daily Life " 
 " A Question to Oneself " 
 " Glittering Tears " 
 " Take a Step Forward! " 
 " A Promise with Dad " 
 " I Can See the Victory " 
 " A Nerve-Wrecking Duel " 
 " Reiji's Desire " 
 " While Grieving " 
 " A Duelist Being Pursued " 
 " No Matter How Many Times I Would Stand Up! " 
 " A New Step Taken " 
 " One Step (TV Size) " 
 Sound Duel 2 
 "Burn!" (TV Size) 
 " The Beginning Moment " 
 " C'mon, Let's Duel! " 
 " Let's go, my Monsters! " 
 " Fierce Battle of the Soul " 
 " The Wall in the Way " 
 " Immense Power " 
 " Believe in Tomorrow's Victory " 
 " The Door of Mystery " 
 " Come on, the fun has Only Just Begun! " 
 " Quiet Time " 
 " The Mystery Deepens " 
 " Troubled Heart " 
 " Duelist's Secret Feelings " 
 " Resistance " 
 " Steadfast Duel " 
 " Cheerful, Fun and Entertaining! " 
 " Standoff " 
 " Gazing from Inside the Darkness " 
 " The Light of Hope Doesn't Arrive " 
 " New Possibilities " 
 " Cornered Strategy " 
 " Entertainment Duel Show " 
 " White-Hot Fighting Spirit " 
 " My Duel " 
 "Future fighter!" (TV Size) 
 Sound Duel 3 
 UNLEASH (TV Size) 
 Duel of Rebellion 
 Breathtaking Offense and Defense 
 The Fight Begins 
 Pride on the Line 
 Busy Busy 
 The Warrior's Trump Card 
 The Battle Begins! 
 Wave the Flag of Rebellion 
 The Curtain Rises 
 The Stadium Goes Wild 
 The Duelist's Determination 
 The Truth is Revealed 
 Academia's Assault 
 Looming Monster 
 Something to Protect 
 A Battle Beyond Imagining 
 Yuto's Passionate Soul 
 A Wall to Overcome 
 The Gears of Fate Begin To Turn 
 Cheer Up 
 Splendid Entertainment! 
 The Evolving Falcon 
 This is the Latest and Greatest Evolution in Dueling! 
 Arc of Smile! (TV Size) 
 Sound Duel 4 
 Pendulum Beat! (TV Size) 
 Save the World with Duel 
 COOL DUEL 
 Fierce Battle 
 Crisis!! 
 Battle Without Regret 
 For my Friends 
 Symphony of Yuya 
 Pursuit 
 Unbeatable Fight 
 Battle for your Life 
 Emperor of the Fusion World 
 Resistance 
 A Threat Approaches! 
 Child Duelist 
 Opening the Show!! 
 The Direction of Resolution 
 Fullbody Duel 
 Yuya's Duel 
 First Counterattack 
 Swooping Battle 
 Anger 
 Single Fight, Fierce Fight 
 Finale 
 Dashing Pendulum (TV Size) 
 Vocal Best!! 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 " One Step " 
 " Burn! " 
 " Future fighter! " 
 " UNLEASH " 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 " Trump Card " 
 " Speaking " 
 " LIGHT OF HOPE " 
 " Vision " 
 " Pendulum Beat! " 
 " Dashing Pendulum " 
 
 
   
English 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/UNLEASH.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/275?cb=20150405144859', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/ARC-V_UNLEASH_777th_Episode_End_of_OP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150913144353', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Yu-Gi-Oh_Arc-V_Opening_3_Version_4/revision/latest?cb=20151207063250', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/Hanate_Single.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150529070056']
Categories: Songs