Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_111


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 111 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya compares Aster's heart to his pendulum. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ペンデュラムハート 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Pendyuramu Hāto 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Pendulum Heart 
 
 
 English 
 Last Laugh 
 
 
 Number 
 111 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 26, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 6, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " LIGHT OF HOPE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Vision " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Director 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Gill Bo No 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fenced In " 
 " Hat-Trick " 
 
 
 
 

" Last Laugh ", known as " Pendulum Heart " in the Japanese version, is is the one-hundredth and eleventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 26, 2016 and in Canada on October 6, 2017. Nicktoons aired it on March 31, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on April 20, 2017.
 Believing in the power of the Dueling he inherited from his father,  Yuya  stands against  Aster . As Aster watches Yuya's Dueling, he recalls the memories of his Duel against  Yusho .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Aster Phoenix 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 The " Dystopia Blow " attack of  Aster's  " Destiny HERO - Dystopia " surges towards  Yuya , who turns and runs to the side.  Mamoru  asks if it's over, and  Gloria  asks if he's unhappy. Mamoru protests that he isn't and he orders her to stop calling him a blockhead as his name is Mamoru Noro (the Japanese arrangement of his name reads as Noro Mamoru; Noroma translates to "blockhead"; in the dub, Gloria says Mamoru blew his cover because he cheered for Yuya.)  Grace  puts her hands behind her head and she complains that she's disappointed. Yuya hops along the platforms of " Crossover ", and Aster sees that he's going for an  Action Card . He snaps that he won't let Yuya get it, and he yanks the strand of " Steel Cage Match ", forcing Yuya to sidestep down platforms and leap for the card. Aster is so distracted by his own shock that Yuya is able to grab the card and activate it in mid-air, the Action Spell " Evasion ", negating the attack. He dodges the energy blast in midair with a pose and lands before straightening up with an easy smile. Aster warns Yuya that his fate is sealed as long as he controls "Destiny HERO - Dystopia" no matter how much he struggles and he declares the end of his turn. Gloria observes that Aster's "Dystopia" and " Urban Demise "  Continuous Trap Card  combo won't be defeated easily. Grace observes that an attack will trigger the trap to increase the  ATK  of "Dystopia" and thus its effect to destroy a monster and she wonders what Yuya will do. Mamoru is sweating and he thinks to himself that at this rate he won't be Deputy Commander anymore. Yuya and  Yuto  are discussing the combo as well; Yuto notes that Aster can only use it once per turn, so an attack by multiple monsters may be able to defeat the 2900 ATK "Dystopia (in the dub, Yuto says Aster is only focused on crushing Yuya)". Yuya replies that he understands, and he reaffirms that he will Duel his own way. Yuto asks if Yuya is still planning to talk to Aster; even  Yusho Sakaki  couldn't open up his heart. Yuya replies that he's sure that Aster smiled during his Duel with Yusho, but he just doesn't want to admit it. 
 Musing on what the Duel will bring, Yuya declares his turn and he draws a card. He holds up  his pendant  and he tells Aster that his heart is wavering just like this pendulum. Aster asks what Yuya means, and Yuya explains that Aster wants to believe that  the Professor  is right, but he also felt something during his Duel with Yusho and he's torn between those two emotions. Aster claims that it's a lie, and Yuya further asks Aster if he smiled during his Duel with Yusho. Aster snaps at Yuya to stop spouting nonsense, and Yuya smiles and he tells Aster that he'll make him remember before declaring a  Pendulum Summon . He brings back " Performapal Dag Daggerman " and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", before  Tributing  them to perform a  Tribute Summon . He  chants  "Come to me! The happy comrade who brings smiles to everyone!  Level 8 ! " Performapal Laugh Maker  ("The laugh of the party, Performapal Laugh Maker!" in the dub)"! Aster calls it a foolish monster, as Dueling isn't a power for playing, but for fighting. Yuya declares his  Battle Phase  and he attacks "Dystopia" with "Laugh Maker". Gloria is surprised that Yuya is attacking using a monster with lower ATK, but Grace notes that there's something to this since this is Yuya's Dueltaining. Aster thinks that whatever Yuya is planning, the result won't change, and he activates the effect of "Urban Demise", increasing the ATK of "Dystopia" by 100, to 3000. Yuya smiles and he clenches his fist, explaining that when an opponent's monster gains ATK, the effect of "Laugh Maker" will increase its own ATK by 1000 until the end of the Battle Phase, and "Laugh Maker" rises to 3500 ATK, much to Mamoru's pleasure. Aster muses that this was Yuya's plan, but he warns him that he knows what will happen now and he activates the effect of "Dystopia" since its ATK or  DEF  changed, allowing him to destroy one card his opponent controls. He declares "Noble Justice", and "Dystopia" blasts a surge of energy from its chest. Yuya activates a  Trap Card , " Performing Pal's Counterstrike ", which will prevent the destruction of "Laugh Maker" and destroy a card that Aster controls. "Laugh Maker" intercepts the attack with its staff and blasts it back, and Aster destroys his  Equip Spell Card  " Delay Armor " to activate its effect, preventing the destruction of "Dystopia" for the rest of the turn. The six probes of "Delay Armor" converge in front of "Dystopia" and they project a shield that blocks the energy blast. Yuya retorts that the attack will continue, and "Laughamker" attacks with "Laughing Spark", jolting Aster painfully and reducing him to 3100  LP . The ATK of "Laugh Maker" returns to normal at the end of the Battle Phase and Yuya ends his turn. 
 Aster angrily asks why Yuya is smiling, and Yuya replies that it was a turning point and he asks if these breakthrough tactics are fun (in the dub, Aster says there's plenty of Duel left; and Yuya says that's enough time to admit that Dueling is fun). Aster snaps that he told Yuya that Dueling was not for fun, but the power to decide victory or defeat. Yuya replies that it's not about the result, he wants them to understand one another through Dueling. He's sure that they can stop this conflict; Dueling isn't a tool for fighting, but its purpose is to make people smile. Aster thinks that he won't accept it, and he remembers attacking Yusho directly again with "Dystopia", injuring Yusho's leg. He told Yusho to accept that the teachings of  Duel Academy  were correct and urged him to counterattack if he was frustrated. Yusho replied that a Duel where they only counterattacked would be dull, and Aster asked what he meant. Yusho asked if it wasn't obvious; he had a plan to make Aster enjoy this, since Dueling was supposed to be fun, wasn't it? Aster seemed honestly confused by the concept, and Yusho asked in concern if Aster didn't know about Dueling for fun. Aster asked what Yusho meant, as Dueling is power to polish yourself, better your skills and win; these were the teachings of Duel Academy and the Professor. Yusho smiled and he scoffed at Leo in exasperation, before declaring that they should have some fun and activating " Smile World ". He told Aster to smile; if Duel Academy could change and smile with him then he would forgive them. Aster asked what this forgiveness nonsense was, and Yusho, despite a glance at his injured leg, replied that forgiveness was the way to end conflict (in the dub, Aster mocks Yusho's leg injury, but Yusho replied with one of his sayings about smiling). He Summoned " Performapal Sky Magician " and ascended into the air with it, telling Aster to spread smiles through Dueling; Dueling has the power to make people smile, so spread smiles for everyone's future. "Sky Magician" hurled a ring into the sky, causing fireworks to start, and Yusho urged Aster to stop these pointless conflicts with him and to have fun. Aster beheld the spectacle in utter shock. Aster declares that Yusho condemned the action of Duel Academy as cruel and claimed that he would forgive them if they could smile, something that he claimed was they only way to stop this war. Yuya whispers, "Father..." and Yuto asks, "Forgive Duel Academy? (in the dub, Aster claims that Dueltaining should only exist in imagination and that it's "Duel or Doom!")"
 Aster rebuffs the idea of Dueling being fun and he claims that he can't accept Yusho Sakaki's Dueling; he only believes in the Dueling of Duel Academy. He declares his turn and draws, then he attacks "Laughmaker" with the "Dystopia Blow" attack of "Dystopia". Yuya tries to run for an Action Card again, but Aster jerks the strand of "Steel Cage Match" and holds Yuya in place, and "Laugh Maker" is destroyed. Yuya screams as he is yanked to the side and hits the ground, his LP falling to 100. Grace laments that she thought "Laugh Maker" was Yuya's comeback, but it was destroyed so quickly. Gloria declares that Yuya is on the edge of a cliff. Mamoru thinks in horror that he's also on the edge and has to think about what to do with himself. Aster  Sets  a card and he ends his turn, asking Yuya if he's frustrated and encouraging him to counterattack if he is. Yuya gets to his feet and refuses to Duel by counterattacking when he's attacked; if he does, then the conflict will never end. Yuto is shocked that Yuya is still insisting on this, and Yuya confirms to himself what his father was thinking - the fun has only just begun (in the dub, Yuto warns Yuya that Aster will turn Yuya into a card if he loses, and Yuya replies that he's putting it all on the line).
 He declares his turn and he draws his own "Smile World", and he smiles that he knew it; he and his father feel the same way. Spotlights snap on Yuya, and he declares "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!" Grace and Mamoru both clap, the latter stopping after Gloria shoots him a look, and he admits that he can't get carried away (in the dub, he still claims he's on Aster's side) and decides to call in for reinforcements just in case. Aster angrily asks if Yuya is going to act the same as his father did, and Yuya declares that first he'll change the  Pendulum Zone . Targeting " Timegazer Magician ", he activates the  Spell Card  " Scale Up ", increasing its  Pendulum Scale  by 2 until the  End Phase , from 8 to Scale 10 as Aster observes. "Timegazer" and " Performapal Trump Witch " rise in the new Scale as Yuya explains that this will allow him to simultaneously Summon monsters from  Levels   5  to  9 . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! ("Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory!" in the dub)" Aster asks if Yuya is Pendulum Summoning again, and Yuya replies that he is; he will reach Aster, who is swinging like a pendulum, through this Duel, and he bows and suggests that they enjoy this. Aster screams that his heart isn't swinging (in the dub, Yuya says his monsters will be happy to see them again, and Aster replies he'll be happy to destroy them again). Yuya declares a Pendulum Summon and he tells his monsters to come back to him; "Dag Daggerman", "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Laugh Maker". Grace realizes that Yuya increases his Pendulum Scale in order to bring back "Laugh Maker", something that Aster didn't plan for. Aster asks Yuya when he's going to stop this nonsense, and Yuya replies that they can get along without all this harassment and he tells Aster that he'll give him something. 
 Yuya activates the Spell Card, " Performance Exchange ", targeting a " Performapal " he controls and giving control of all other monsters Yuya controls that have lower Levels. Aster is quite surprised, and Yuya targets "Laugh Maker", giving Aster control of "Dag Daggerman" and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Aster asks Yuya what is going on (Dag Daggerman attempts to greet "Dystopia", but is ignored and sweatdrops as a result). Yuya replies that watching what happens is part of the fun. Aster tells Yuya to stop screwing around, and Yuya tells him not to be a grump; since things are getting lively, he will cast a spell that brings smiles to everyone. He activates "Smile World", much to Aster's anger, and the colorful faces fill the field. Mamoru, seeing it for the first time, is quite impressed, and Grace cheers that she feels so happy whenever she sees this, much to Gloria's irritation. Aster scowls, and Yuya explains that the effect of "Smile World" will increase the ATK of all monsters on the field by 100 for each monster on the field; with four monsters, they all gain 400 ATK. "Dag Daggerman", "Dystopia" and "Odd-Eyes" rise to 2400, 3400 and 2900 respectively, while "Laugh Maker" also rises to 2900. Aster seethes that he will not lose to, nor be tricked by this smile nonsense. Yuya muses that that's strange; when you're surrounded by smiles you're supposed to be more lively; like this. Yuya reminds him that the effect of "Laugh Maker" will increase its ATK by 1000 for each monster that gained ATK. Aster gasps in horror that there are four as all of his monsters begin laughing, sending out pulses that increase the ATK of "Laugh Maker" to 6900 as "Laugh Maker" chuckles. Grace gasps that "Laugh Maker" has 6900 ATK, and Mamoru claims that even the Commander-in-Chief can't beat this. Gloria tells him not to be stupid, since this is the perfect time for the "Urban Demise" combo. 
 Indeed, Aster activates the effect of "Dystopia" since the effect of "Smile World" caused its ATK to change, destroying "Laugh Maker". Yuya runs along the platforms again, hunting for an Action Card, and Aster grabs the strand of "Steel Cage" and he reiterates that he won't let Yuya get an Action Card. But Yuya bends the strand over the edge of one of the platforms and he laughs as he swings from it like a trapeze. Aster snaps that it's in the way and he activates the effect of "Steel Cage", discarding a card to destroy it. The mesh fence surrounding them dissolves, as does the chain just before Yuya can reach an Action Card. "Laugh Maker" is destroyed, and Yuya hops down the platforms and rolls to a stop on the ground at the bottom of the building. Aster holds up the Action Card and he comments that it's too bad. He remembers Yusho and "Sky Magician", Yusho laughing and calling for more laughter and more fun. Yuya runs away from the building, and Aster asks him why he doesn't just give up, and he and his monsters leap down the platforms to Yuya. Aster claims that Yuya has no chance to win since "Laugh Maker" was destroyed and he tells Yuya to admit that he's lost and surrender. Yuya replies that he will after Aster has enjoyed this attraction, and Aster asks if Yuya is still on about that. Yuya replies that this is "Smile World"; it won't end until everyone smiles. 
 Since the "Smile World" powered-up "Laugh Maker" was destroyed, Yuya can  Special Summon  a monster from his  Graveyard . Aster is surprised by this effect, and Yuya declares that he's Special Summoning " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon "; which when Special Summoned will reduce the ATK of all monsters his opponent controls to zero. He chants, "Come back! The courageous dragon! Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon! (this is absent from the dub)" Aster muses that Yuya brought back a  Fusion Monster  from the Graveyard, and Yuya replies that in order to talk to someone from the  Fusion Dimension , he needs his Fusion Monster. Aster asks, "Talk to me? (in the dub, Yuya says they can be used for Dueltaining too; Aster replies that he destroyed them in a flash)" and Yuya explains that when "Brave-Eyes" is Summoned, it gains 100 ATK for every monster whose ATK was reduced to zero. "Brave-Eyes" gains 300 ATK, rising to 3300 ATK, and Yuya attacks "Dystopia" with "Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Grace comments that Yuya will win if this hits, and Gloria observes that "Dystopia" can only use its effect once per turn, so the "Urban Demise" combo won't work (in the dub, Gloria tries to comment, but decides to keep quiet). Aster closes his eyes and he remembers "Dystopia" clashing with "Sky Magician", and Yusho told him that a Duel was a conversation; if Aster opened his heart he would enjoy it more. Opening his eyes, Aster activates the effect of "Urban Demise", increasing the ATK of "Dystopia" by 100. Then he activates another Trap Card, " D-Soul ", banishing a " Destiny HERO " from his Graveyard, " Destiny HERO - Drilldark ", and increasing the ATK of "Dystopia" by that of the banished monster, to 1700. Mamoru notes that it's only 1700, and Aster declares that if Yuya is going to speak to him using a Fusion Monster, then Aster will speak using the  Lancers ' card; the Action Spell " Double Attack (Action Card) ", doubling the ATK of a monster until the end of the Battle Phase. "Dystopia" rises to 3400 ATK, impressing "Mamoru". Yuya flees and Aster watches him in bewilderment as he remembers Yusho telling him that he wanted them to understand one another through Dueling; both Aster and Leo Akaba. 
 "Dystopia" draws back its fist and "Brave-Eyes" charges up a blast - and Yuya trips, and he somersaults. Aster laughs that that's as far as Yuya can go, but Yuya comes up with an Action Spell, " Miracle Fire ", gaining the effect of an Action Card used this turn. He copies "Double Attack (Action Card)", and "Brave-Eyes" is surrounded in fire as it draws back its head and roars, rising to 6600 ATK. Yuya declares that it's the finale, and he suggests that they end this magnificently with "Flaming Mega Smile Burst ("Searing Flame Strike" in the dub)". "Brave-Eyes" blasts a blue plume of fire at Aster, who gasps, but then closes his eyes and accepts defeat as the flames ricochet off him and explode as smiling fireworks in the sky. Grace calls it pretty as Gloria and Mamoru look on. Aster lies on the ground with his forearm over his eyes, and his LP falls to zero as he laments that he lost, he lost to Dueltaining again. But even so, Aster smiles, and the sun shines through the clouds as "Crossover" dissipates. Grace cheers that Yuya did it and that was amazing before hugging Gloria, and Mamoru is relieved that his position is safe. Gloria asks if this is really the time and she protests that they keep losing to the Lancers and worries what will happen should the Professor find out. Mamoru coughs and smirks as he reassures her that he already called in reinforcements. Jeeps arrive and Duel Academy students leap out and surround Yuya and Aster.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Aster Phoenix 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 5: Aster 
" Destiny HERO - Dystopia " has just  attacked   Yuya   directly . Yuya finds and  activates  the  Action Card  " Evasion ",  negating  the attack.
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Dag Daggerman " (2000/600) and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000) from his  Extra Deck  in Attack Position. Yuya  Tributes  them to  Tribute Summon  " Performapal Laugh Maker " (2500/2000). "Laugh Maker" attacks "Dystopia". As Yuya  declared  an attack,  Aster  activates the  effect  of " Urban Demise ", increasing the  ATK  of a " Destiny HERO "  monster  he controls by 100 (Dystopia: 2900 → 3000). As a monster on the  field  gained ATK, the effect of "Laugh Maker" activates, increasing its ATK by 1000 for each monster until the end of this  turn 's  Battle Phase  (Laugh Maker: 2500 → 3500). As the ATK or  DEF  of "Dystopia" changed, its effect activates, letting Aster  destroy  a card on the field. Aster selects "Laugh Maker". As a " Performapal " monster Yuya controls would be destroyed by a card effect, Yuya activates his  face-down  " Performing Pal's Counterstrike ", which negates the effect of "Dystopia" and destroys a monster Aster controls. Yuya selects "Dystopia". Aster activates the effect of " Delay Armor ",  sending  it to the  Graveyard  to prevent "Dystopia" from being  destroyed by battle  or card effects this turn. The attack continues (Aster: 3600 → 3100 LP).
 Turn 7: Aster 
"Dystopia" attacks and destroys "Laugh Maker" (Yuya: 600 → 100 LP). Aster Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  " Smile World ". Yuya activates " Scale Up " to increase the  Pendulum Scale  of a card in his Pendulum Zone by 2 until the  End Phase . He selects " Timegazer Magician " ("Timegazer":    8 → 10). Yuya Pendulum Summons "Daggerman" (2000/600), "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) and  "Laugh Maker" (2500/2000) from his Extra Deck, all in Attack Position. He then activates " Performance Exchange ", which lets him  target  a "Performapal" monster he controls and give control of all monsters he controls to his opponent that have a lower Level than the targeted monster. He targets "Laugh Maker", so he gives control of "Odd-Eyes" and "Daggerman" to Aster. Yuya activates "Smile World", increasing the ATK of all face-up monsters on the field by 100 for each face-up monster on either player's field (Daggerman: 2000 → 2400, Dystopia: 3000 → 3400, Odd-Eyes: 2500 → 2900, Laugh Maker: 2500 → 2900). As a monster on the field gained ATK, the effect of "Laugh Maker" activates, increasing its ATK for 1000 by each monster until the end of this turn's Battle Phase (Laugh Maker: 2900 → 6900). As the ATK or DEF of "Dystopia" changed, its effect activates, letting Aster destroy a card on the field. Yuya finds an Action Card and tries to catch it, but Aster activates the effect of " Steel Cage Match " to send a card from his hand to the Graveyard to destroy it. Aster sends " D-Pressure " and the destruction makes Yuya fall, which allows Aster to catch the flying Action Card instead. "Laugh Maker" is destroyed, with its last effect letting Yuya  Special Summon  a monster in his Graveyard. Yuya Special Summons " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. As "Brave-Eyes" was Special Summoned, its effect activates, reducing the ATK of all other monsters on the field to 0 until the End Phase (Daggerman: 2400 → 0, Dystopia: 3400 → 0, Odd-Eyes: 2900 → 0), while "Brave-Eyes" gains 100 ATK for each monster affected by its effect (Brave-Eyes: 3000 → 3300).
 "Brave-Eyes" attacks "Dystopia", which Aster activating the effect of "Urban Demise" to increase the ATK of a "Destiny HERO" monster he controls by 100 (Dystopia: 0 → 100). Aster activates his face-down " D-Soul ", which lets him  banish  a "Destiny HERO" monster from his Graveyard to increase the ATK of a "Destiny HERO" monster he controls equal to the banished monster's. He banishes " Destiny HERO - Drilldark " and targets "Dystopia" ("Dystopia": 100 → 1700). Aster activates the Action Card " Double Attack (Action Card) ", doubling the ATK of "Dystopia" (Dystopia: 1700 → 3400). Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Miracle Fire ", copying the effect of "Double Attack (Action Card)" and doubling the ATK of "Brave-Eyes" (Brave-Eyes: 3300 → 6600). "Dystopia" is destroyed (Aster: 3100 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Dag Daggerman 
 Performapal Laugh Maker 
 Performapal Trump Witch 
 Timegazer Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Performance Exchange 
 Scale Up 
 Smile World 
 Traps 
 Performing Pal's Counterstrike 
 
 Aster Phoenix Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Drilldark Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dystopia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Delay Armor 
 D-Pressure 
 Steel Cage Match 
 Traps 
 Urban Demise 
 D-Soul 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Attack (Action Card) 
 Evasion 
 Miracle Fire 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Sky Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dystopia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Smile World 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Italian 
 L'Ultima Carta
 
 
  Thai 
 เพ็นดูลัมฮาร์ต
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/ArcV_111.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160627171111', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes