Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_017


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 017 
 
 
 
 
 Reed Pepper  dominates the field with his " Royal Cookpals ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 豪快披露！！ 満腹全席！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Gōkai Hirō!! Manpuku Zenseki! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 An Exciting Performance!! A Fulfilling Meal! 
 
 
 English 
 Menu Venue: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 017 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 3, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 8, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 September 15, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 December 17, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 
 
 
 "Menu Venue: Part 2" , known as  "An Exciting Performance!! A Fulfilling Meal!"  in the Japanese version, is the seventeenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 3, 2014 and in Australia on November 8, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on October 9, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2016. 
 Yuya  faces a ferocious attack against  Reed Pepper ’s Cooking Duel. Fighting against Reed who concocts a perfect strategy with his recipes, Yuya does not have enough stamina to obtain  Action Cards  as his stomach is empty... However, in the midst of the pinch, Yuya meets with his savior, providing him with the stamina he needs to fight on. And then, with his Dueltaining, the counter-attack begins.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Reed Pepper 
 2.2   Sora Perse vs. Unknown Duelist 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Cast 
 
 
 Summary 
 Nico  recaps the events that happened in the previous episode:  Yuya 's opponent is the Cooking Duel Prince,  Reed Pepper , to qualify for the  Arc League Championship . Despite his aspirations, Yuya bore witness to his  Pendulum Monsters  being wiped out by Reed's " Royal Cookpal " monsters (the dub uses its own recap).
 Meanwhile,  Gong  is training himself by hauling a boulder over a cliffside. He promises to improve his Heavystrong Dueling more than ever and urges Yuya not to give up and aim for the top.
 Back at the Duel, Yuya curses at his own predicament, while Reed smiles calmly. All Yuya can do is  Set  a card and end his  turn  (in the dub, Yuya says Reed may have him in a pickle, but won't be for long).  Tate  and  Ally  recall that Yuya's Pendulum Monsters were destroyed earlier (in the dub, Tate and Ally wonder what Yuya will do now that his Pendulum Monsters are gone). Frederick asks if the matchup is even, because Reed returned his "Royal Cookpals" to his hand. Reed says he wonders about that (in the dub, Reed says he'll soup things up in the Duel and bring things to a boiling point) and takes his next turn. He remarks the preparations are ready, as " Food Cemetery " has three monsters in it, and activates the effect of " Wonder Recipe ", which lets him Special Summon a " Cookpal " monster for each card in "Food Cemetery". Yuya realizes there are three cards in "Food Cemetery" and that the same "Royal Cookpals" Reed had before would come back. Reed exclaims the order is ready as he Special Summons " Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta ", " Royal Cookpal Prince Curry ", and " Royal Cookpal Princess Pudding ". Yuya stares the monsters down as he notes they are fearsome, but his stomach growls and he remarks they're delicious (in the dub, Yuya says the monsters are ruining his appetite, which is a good thing because he's starving). Reed is kind enough to let Yuya's starving belly have its fill (in the dub, Reed says Yuya will lose some weight and LP) as he explains that "Wonder Recipes" will inflict 300  damage  for each monster Special Summoned by its effect. Pellets of energy hit Yuya on his face, his stomach, and his bottom. Reed asks if this was too much for Yuya's stomach.  Mrs. Pepper  continues recording the Duel and congratulates her son for doing well.
 At  Sansho 's restaurant, said chef is watching the Duel from his tablet as Reed says the taste of his perfect recipe is amazing. Sansho wonders what Reed means before continuing his work (in the dub, Sansho scoffs at the thought of Reed being the top chef). Reed activates the effect of "Knight Pasta" to double the  ATK  of "Prince Curry" and follows up with the effect of "Princess Pudding" to double the ATK further, to 1200 total. The housewives watching the Duel squee after seeing another one of Reed's set menus. Reed continues that "Princess Pudding" and "Knight Pasta" cannot  attack  the turn their effects are  activated . Yuya manages to get up and Reed points out that Yuya only has 1700 LP left and that "Prince Curry" needs a little more seasoning to finish him off. Reed jumps up a series of saucers before finding and taking an  Action Card  on the third one. He is satisfied that the Goddess of Cooking is smiling down on him (in the dub, Reed remarks this is his pot-lucky day) and activates the card he picked up, " Victory Topping ", which increases the ATK of a monster he  controls  by 600 until the  End Phase . Tonkatsu materializes on the shield of "Prince Curry", which Ally and Tate pick up on ("win" and "fried pork ribs" have a  katsu  sound in Japanese, making this a visual pun). Reed declares his  Battle Phase  and the end of the Duel and attacks Yuya  directly  with "Prince Curry". Tate exclaims Yuya will lose if the attack goes through, but Yuya activates his  face-down  " Performapal Call ", which  negates  the attack. Furthermore, it allows Yuya to add two " Performapal " monsters from his  Deck  to his  hand  whose combined  DEF  is equal to the  ATK  of the monster whose attack was negated. He adds " Performapal Cheermole " and " Performapal Turn Toad ", though he cannot Summon monsters from his  Extra Deck  the turn he Summons the added monsters. Reed takes note of Yuya's earlier tactic and decides to counter with " Canning Cuisine ", since Yuya added cards to his hand outside of the  Draw Phase . He can place "Cookpal" monsters from his Deck under "Food Cemetery" for each card Yuya added; he chooses " Cookpal Lionion " and " Cookpal Rabbitomato ". Yuya exclaims that Reed added more cards to "Food Cemetery", but Reed isn't done yet, as he activates " Food Fraud ", which lets him add two "Royal Cookpal" monsters from his Deck to his hand, which are " Royal Cookpal King Burger " and " Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette ". Yuya repeats Reed's last move as Reed asks him about what he thought about his prep-work (in the dub, Yuya admits Reed's hand is tasty, while Reed replies that it will leave a bad taste in Yuya's mouth) and adds that the monsters he retrieved cannot be Summoned this turn. Reed jumps down to his original spot and ends his turn, with the ATK boosts of "Prince Curry" wearing off. Said monster appears disappointed as its tonkatsu disappears.
 Yuya realizes that when Reed's turn comes, he'll have all five "Royal Cookpals" on his field and decides to do something to stop that. Yuya draws " Wall of Disruption " and is dissatisfied with it; he can't do anything with it now. He decides to bet his next move on an Action Card as he leaps from saucer to saucer to try to reach one on a high plate. However, his stomach growls again as he realizes he's too hungry to even reach the card, causing him to fall on his back. The children are concerned, but  Yoko  comes in and chides Yuya for running off without having breakfast. She tosses Yuya a package, which he catches. Yuya asks why his mother is here; she tells him to hurry up and eat what she made. Yuya opens the package, which contains pancakes, and yells it's time to eat. He takes a bite out of it and looks inside. Yoko reveals that the pancakes are actually a sandwich of the mille-feuille tonkatsu (sunrise pork surprise in the dub) that Yuya didn't eat. He takes another bite as his eyes tear up. Yuya exclaims it's delicious and Yoko says she made the sandwich using Reed's recipe, so it must be perfect, and to add to the pizzaz, she used pancakes as the bread. Reed is angered that Yoko added something to his already perfect recipe. Yuya says, "Perfect...add to it..." ("Perfection...made even better..." in the dub) before finishing off the pancake sandwich. Reenergized, Yuya rises and declares that " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician " are  Scales  1 and 8, respectively, so he can Pendulum Summon monsters between  Levels  2 and 7. A distressed Tate urges Yuya not to Pendulum Summon, since Reed can just destroy the monsters, but Yuya ignores him and Pendulum Summons "Cheermole" and "Turn Toad" anyway. Reed welcomes his new customers for leaping through the fire. He activates the effects of "Princess Pudding" and "Knight Pasta", declaring " Ballistic Belly Buster ", with the former force-feeding "Cheermole" and the latter doing the same to "Turn Toad". Reed specifies that he can return "Princess Pudding" and "Knight Pasta" to his hand to destroy "Cheermole" and "Turn Toad". The bellies of both monsters burst before they're destroyed. Reed asks how Yuya liked his hospitality, but the children point out the hypocrisy because Reed destroyed them (in the dub, Reed remarks the "Performapals" did not leave hungry; Tate says that Reed destroying monsters may be something for him to joke about, Ally calls Reed tasteless, and Frederick calls Reed rotten to the core). As Reed laughs, Yuya explains that as "Cheermole" and "Turn Toad" are Pendulum Monsters, they are sent to the Extra Deck instead of the Graveyard when they are destroyed. Yuya Sets "Wall of Disruption" and ends his turn.
 Elsewhere,  Sora  is in another Duel and attacks  directly  with " Frightfur Bear ", knocking his opponent into a feudal Japanese castle wall. Sora exclaims he won two Duels in a row before catching Zuzu spacing out again. Zuzu insists she didn't and lies that she saw the whole Duel (in the dub, Zuzu confesses instead), causing Sora to groan.
 Reed starts his turn and addresses Yoko as the one who made modifications to his recipe. Yoko confirms it and Reed says his perfect recipe has no room for further additions. Next to Yoko, Mrs. Pepper agrees with Reed and calls him perfect. As there are five cards in "Food Cemetery", Reed activates the effect of "Wonder Recipes" to Special Summon "King Burger", "Queen Omelette", "Knight Pasta", and "Princess Pudding". Yuya notes that Reed Summoned four monsters at once. Frederick looks at the five monsters in awe, saying he couldn't even finish all of them at once, to the annoyance of his other two friends. Reed shows further "hospitality" to Yuya by inflicting 300 damage to him for each monster he Summoned with "Wonder Recipes". The total is 1200, as energy pellets hit Yuya again, reducing him to 500 LP. Yoko yells Yuya's name. German Fauder comments that Yuya worked hard to get this far, but with all five "Royal Cookpals" out, this is the end. Reed activates the effect of "Knight Pasta" to double the ATK of "Prince Curry". He does the same, using the effect of "Princess Pudding", then follows up with "Queen Omelette" and "King Burger" to quadruple the ATK further. Tate exclaims that "Prince Curry" turned into a 4800 ATK calorie explosion. Reed enters his Battle Phase and attacks Yuya directly with the now-golden "Prince Curry", declaring " Golden Royal Curry ". "Prince Curry" releases a vortex of curry, with the children repeating the attack name dumbfoundedly. Yuya activates his  Trap Card , "Wall of Disruption", which decreases the ATK of an opposing monster for each monster the opponent controls. Reed calls the card a pointless struggle, but Yuya further explains that "Prince Curry" will lose 4000 ATK, since Reed controls five monsters. Reed clarifies that Yuya only has 500 LP left, while "Prince Curry" has more than enough ATK to finish him off. "Prince Curry" regains its composure and continues its attack, but Yuya dons his goggles and starts running. But the attack of "Prince Curry" hits its mark, leaving the children and Yoko stunned.
 Reed breathes a sigh of relief; it took him plenty of work, but Yuya turned out to be no match for his perfect recipe. His relieved expression changes to confusion as he notices Yuya standing strong after the smoke clears, with 200 LP remaining (in the dub, dialogue of the housewives chattering about Yuya's survival is added). Ally cheers that Yuya pulled through, while Yoko is relieved as well. Reed demands why Yuya survived the attack. Yuya chuckles and reveals he used an Action Card, " Energy Biscuits ", the card he couldn't reach earlier. It let him gain 500 LP when he was attacked. Yuya attributes the action to the power he got from Yoko's sandwich. Enraged that Yuya hung on, Reed ends his turn, with the ATK of "Prince Curry" returning to normal. He points out that Yuya has no cards in his hand, despite enduring the last attack, and asks how he can deal with five "Royal Cookpals". 
 Yuya starts his turn. Before he draws, he thinks he's done all the prep-work he can; he just needs to draw that one card he needs. He draws, and the card is " Illusion Balloons ". Yuya announces the climax of the seesawing battle, with Reed confused about what's happening (in the dub, Reed is dumbfounded that Yuya took over his kitchen). Yuya reiterates that "Stargazer" and "Timegazer" are set in his Pendulum Zones, which lets him Pendulum Summon Level 2 to 7 monsters. Reed says that Yuya might be capable of Pendulum Summoning, but he only has one card in his hand, which makes it no different from a  Normal Summon  (in the dub, Reed is confident that Pendulum Summoning would make no difference, since he can just destroy the monsters). Yuya directs the audience's attention to his Extra Deck, where the Pendulum Monsters are waiting. He Pendulum Summons "Turn Toad", " Performapal Trampolynx ", " Performapal Partnaga ", "Cheermole", and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Frederick gets his shivers, leaving him overwhelmed, while Ally is happy that Yuya Pendulum Summoned five monsters at once. Tate remembers that destroyed Pendulum Monsters are sent to the Extra Deck; Yuya waited for his chance to Summon all of them at once by stockpiling his Extra Deck. Yoko says Pendulum Summoning was the addition needed for Yuya's strategy (in the dub, Yoko says Yuya began with the perfect recipe and made it even better). Reed brushes the remark aside and yells that it will end the same way as before; Yuya's Pendulum Summoning is still no match for his perfect recipe. He activates the effects of his "Royal Cookpals" again, with all five force-feeding each of Yuya's monsters: "Trampolynx" by "Prince Curry", "Partnaga" by Queen Omelette", "Turn Toad" by "Knight Pasta", "Cheermole" by "Princess Pudding", and "Odd-Eyes" by "King Burger". Ally realizes that the monsters will be destroyed like last time. Reed returns all five of his "Royal Cookpals" to his hand to destroy each of Yuya's monsters. Yuya says he was waiting for this, with Reed being confused. Yuya activates "Illusion Balloons". He can  excavate  cards from his Deck equal to the number of monsters destroyed this turn. Each of the destroyed monsters turns into a pancake sandwich. Tate and Ally are surprised, but Frederick is drooling. Yuya announces the moment the audience is waiting for: inside each sandwich is a card excavated from the Deck, and the highest Level "Performapal" monster excavated will be Special Summoned. Nico calls the strategy amazing, because Yuya Summoned five monsters, knowing they'd be destroyed, and tied their destruction to this remaining glimmer of hope. Fauder points out that if none of the cards are "Performapal" monsters, "Illusion Balloons" will fail.
 Reed exclaims that the card of pure chance won't break through his perfect recipe. Yuya replies that manipulation of chance is a powerful skill in itself. He starts excavating from his Deck. The first sandwich opens and the card is " Hippo Carnival ". Yuya shrugs in disappointment (in the dub, Yuya remarks that a Spell Card isn't what he needs right now), which disappoints the children as well. Nevertheless, he continues with the second, which is " Performapal Hip Hippo ". Mrs. Pepper says there's no way Reed can lose to a card like that. Yuya excavates the third card, " Commmand Performance ". As Yoko places her hope in Yuya, he reveals the next card, " Performapal Friendonkey ". He comments that while it's a "Performapal", it's only a donkey. Nico becomes discouraged, as "Friendonkey" isn't strong enough to defeat Reed. Mrs. Pepper repeats, "a pity?" ("awful?" in the dub), causing Nico to reconsider his words. Fauder wonders what the last card is. A housewife is excited about what the last card will be, while another says she doesn't know much about Dueling, but it's fun. Reed looks around, dumbfounded. His fans are all enthralled by Yuya's performance (Reed's thoughts are edited out in the dub).
 Yuya announces the revelation of the final pancake and wonders of the Goddess of Victory will smile down on him (in the dub, Yuya calls the final pancake make or break time, feast or famine). He excavates his last card, which is " Performapal Elephammer ". Yuya cheers that the last card was a high-Level "Performapal", the best for last. He Special Summons it as he says that "Elephammer", the leader of the "Performapals", comes before everyone now. Reed trembles after seeing that its ATK is 2600, which is enough to defeat him. He bemoans that his perfect recipe will...!
 Yuya tells Reed there's no such thing as a perfect recipe, which causes the young chef to recall Sansho telling him the same thing. Sansho elaborates that even if there is a perfect recipe, it has to be ready to add more to suit the people who will eat the food (in the dub, Sansho tells Reed that a perfect recipe isn't set in stone; he must constantly work to make it better). Yuya declares his Battle Phase and attacks directly with "Elephammer". "Elephammer" swings the hammer on its trunk and the hammerhead glows in star-shaped patterns as Yuya tells Reed to enjoy the mammoth of a meal. Reed smiles in satisfaction, knowing his loss is coming up (in the dub, Reed asks for a check). The hammer swings down and crushes Reed, depleting all his LP.
 Ally and Tate exclaim that Yuya won his first Duel, while Frederick gets his shivers. As " Chaos Kitchen " fades, Yuya thanks Reed for the meal. Mrs. Pepper runs to Reed, in denial that his perfect recipe was defeated. Reed calmly tells his mother that he did lose. The children and Reed come to Yuya. Reed congratulates Yuya for the win and promises to add more to his recipe and press onwards. Yuya replies that he'll stay ahead of Reed, then. Reed says he'll look forward to seeing Yuya in the Arc League Championship and offers him a handshake, which Yuya accepts. His stomach growls again and Yoko remarks that the pancake sandwich she gave him wasn't enough. Reed offers to cook Yuya something, to Yoko's surprise, and asks if Yuya will accept his hospitality (in the dub, Reed has some ideas on how to improve Yoko's pancake sandwich recipe). A blushing Yuya replies, "of course!" Yoko squees that Reed will make everyone food, even yelling "Banzai! Banzai!", to her son's embarrassment. (In the dub, Yoko is excited that Reed intends to use her recipe, thus making her a celebrity by extension.)
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Reed Pepper 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya Sets 1 card.
 Turn 5: Reed 
Reed  activates  the  effect  of " Regal Recipes ", letting him  Special Summon  a number of " Royal Cookpal " monsters from his hand less than or equal to the number of " Cookpal " monsters underneath " Food Cemetery ", then inflict 300  damage  to Yuya for each. There are three, so he Special Summons " Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta " (300/1100), " Royal Cookpal Prince Curry " (300/1000) and " Royal Cookpal Princess Pudding " (300/100), all in  Attack Position  (Yuya: 2600 → 1700 LP). Reed activates the effect of "Knight Pasta", which will double the  ATK  of another "Royal Cookpal" monster he  controls  ("Prince Curry": 300 → 600/1000) until the  End Phase , but "Knight Pasta" cannot attack this  turn . He then activates the effect of "Princess Pudding", which is the same as that of "Knight Pasta" ("Prince Curry": 600 → 1200/1000). Reed finds and activates the  Action Card , " Victory Topping ", increasing the ATK of a monster on the  field  by 600 ("Prince Curry": 1200 → 1800/1000) until the End Phase. "Prince Curry"  attacks   directly , but Yuya activates his  face-down  " Performapal Call ",  negating  the attack and letting him  add  two " Performapal " monsters from his  Deck  to his hand whose combined  DEF  are equal to the ATK of the attacking monster, though he may not Summon monsters from his  Extra Deck  during the turn he Summons the monsters he adds. Yuya adds " Performapal Cheermole " and " Performapal Turn Toad ". As his opponent added cards to his hand outside of his  normal draw , Reed activates his face-down " Canning Cuisine ", letting him place the same number of "Cookpal" monsters from his Deck underneath a "Food Cemetery" he controls as the number of cards his opponent added. He places " Cookpal Lionion " and " Cookpal Rabbitomato " underneath "Food Cemetery". Reed then activates " Food Fraud ", letting him add two "Royal Cookpal" monsters from his Deck to his hand, but he may not Normal or Special Summon them this turn. He adds " Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette " and " Royal Cookpal King Burger ". At the End Phase, the effects of "Knight Pasta", "Princess Pudding" and "Victory Topping" expire ("Prince Curry": 1800 → 300/1000).
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Wall of Disruption ". Yuya attempts to grab an Action Card, but he fails to reach it. Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Cheermole" (600/1000) and "Turn Toad" (0/800), both from his hand in  Defense Position . As his opponent Normal or Special Summoned monsters, Reed activates the effects of "Princess Pudding" and "Knight Pasta",  returning  them to his hand to destroy the Summoned monsters. "Cheermole" and "Turn Toad" are destroyed and are  sent  to Yuya's Extra Deck as they are  Pendulum Monsters . Yuya Sets 1 card.
 Turn 7: Reed 
Reed activates the effect of "Regal Recipes", letting him Special Summon a number of "Royal Cookpal" monsters from his hand less than or equal to the number of "Cookpal" monsters underneath "Food Cemetery", then inflict 300 damage to Yuya for each. There are five, so he Special Summons "Queen Omelet" (300/???), "King Burger" (300/1300), "Knight Pasta" and "Princess Pudding", all in Attack Position (Yuya: 1700 → 500 LP). Reed activates the effects of "Knight Pasta", "Princess Pudding", "Queen Omelette" and "King Burger", each doubling the ATK of another "Royal Cookpal" monster he controls ("Prince Curry" 300 → 600 → 1200 → 2400 → 4800/1000) until the End Phase, but the former four cannot attack this turn. "Prince Curry" attacks directly, but Yuya activates his face-down "Wall of Disruption", decreasing the ATK of an attacking monster by the number of monsters its  controller  controls times 800 ("Prince Curry" 4800 → 800/1000). The attack continues, but Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Energy Biscuits ", increasing his LP by 500 (Yuya: 500 → 1000 → 200 LP).
 Turn 8: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Illusion Balloons ". Yuya Pendulum Summons "Performapal Turn Toad", " Performapal Trampolynx " (300/300), " Performapal Partnaga " (500/2100), "Performapal Cheermole" and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000), all from his Extra Deck in Attack Position. Reed activates the effects of all five "Royal Cookpal" monsters, returning them to his hand to destroy all of Yuya's monsters, but they are sent to the Extra Deck as they are Pendulum Monsters. As monsters he controls were destroyed, Yuya activates "Illusion Balloons", letting him  excavate  an equal number of cards and Special Summon the "Performapal" monster amongst them with the highest  Level , if any. The remaining cards will be  shuffled  back into his Deck. Yuya excavates " Hippo Carnival ", " Performapal Hip Hippo ", " Command Performance ", " Performapal Friendonkey " and " Performapal Elephammer ". Yuya Special Summons "Elephammer" in Attack Position (2600/1800). "Elephammer" attacks directly (Reed: 2300 → 0 LP).
 
 Sora Perse vs. Unknown Duelist 
 Duel already in progress.  Sora  controls " Frightfur Bear " (2200/1800) in Attack Position, while his opponent controls no cards and has 200 LP remaining.
 Sora's turn 
"Frightfur Bear" attacks directly (Opponent: 200 → 0 LP).
 
 Trivia 
 The distinction between the " Cookpal "  monsters  and " Royal Cookpal " monsters in this episode is shown by the two sets being  Levels  1-5 and 6-10, respectively. This is visualized by " Wonder Recipe " showing each "Cookpal" being used to Summon the "Royal Cookpal" that is 5 Levels higher (though " Prince Curry " and " Knight Pasta " are switched since "Prince Curry" takes center stage). 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Friendonkey 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Cheermole 
 Performapal Partnaga 
 Performapal Trampolynx 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hippo Carnival 
 Illusion Balloons 
 Traps 
 Command Performance 
 Performapal Call 
 Wall of Disruption 
 
 Reed Pepper Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cookpal Lionion 
 Cookpal Rabbitomato 
 Royal Cookpal King Burger 
 Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta 
 Royal Cookpal Prince Curry 
 Royal Cookpal Princess Pudding 
 Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Food Fraud 
 Regal Recipes 
 Traps 
 Canning Cuisine 
 Food Cemetery 
 
 Sora Perse Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Kitchen 
 Unknown Action Field 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Energy Biscuits 
 Victory Topping 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Kitchen 
 Energy Biscuits 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 La cuisine infernale - partie 2
 
 
  German 
 Das Festmahl (2)
 
 
  Italian 
 Duello culinario (seconda parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 진수성찬!! 포만감 효과!
 
 
  Thai 
 จัดแบบชุดใหญ่ ให้อิ่มกันทุกคน
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Michio Mokota 
 
 Yasuaki Takumi 
 
 Reed Pepper 
 
 Jason Anthony Griffith 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Youhei Oobayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 Ryoko Yui 
 
 Yoko Sakaki
 
 Saskia Maarleveld
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Royal_Cookmate.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140803200657', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Flag_of_Germany.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204214', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes