Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Yami_Marik%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Yami Marik 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 Kaiba Tower 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 138:  " The Final Face Off - Part 1 " 139:  " The Final Face Off - Part 2 " 140:  " The Final Face Off - Part 3 " 141:  " The Final Face Off - Part 4 " 142:  " The Final Face Off - Part 5 " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Yami Marik  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters  in the final duel of the  Battle City  arc in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on the same duel from the  manga .
 
 Prior Events 
 Seto Kaiba  goes back to the Duel Tower to give  Yami Yugi  the card he planned to use against  Yami Marik , " Fiend's Sanctuary ". He shuffled it into his deck and the final duel of Battle City begins.
 Before they start, Yami Marik has a surprise for Yami Yugi, a special shadow game just for them: In this shadow game, Yami Yugi and Yami Marik are seperated from their hosts,  Yugi Muto  and  Marik Ishtar  respectively, and like  Yami Bakura's Duel with Yami Marik , whenever a duelists loses life points a piece of their host will be lost to the shadows. As Yami Marik is an alter ego of Marik he will stay but the Pharaoh is a spirit and with no host he will disappear forever. He also reminds the Pharaoh of someone else:  Mai Valentine , whose memories are nearly gone. Yami Yugi accepts the stakes.
 The duel proceeds.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Marik vs. Yami Yugi 
 Turn 1: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws " Vampiric Leech " and subsequently Normal Summons it (500/1200) in Attack Position. "Vampiric Leech" then  attacks   directly  via its own effect ( Yugi  4000 → 3500). Yami Marik then  activates  " Vampiric Leech 's second effect,  discarding  " The Winged Dragon of Ra " to switch "Vampiric Leech" to  Defense Position . Yami Marik's hand is shown to contain " Dark Spell Regeneration ", " Juragedo ", " Zombie's Jewel ", and " Vengeful Bog Spirit ". Yami Marik  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Exchange". He then Normal Summons " Queen's Knight " (1500/1600) in Attack Position. "Queen's Knight" attacks and  destroys  "Vampiric Leech". Yami Yugi Sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws. He then Normal Summons " Juragedo " (1700/1300) in Attack Position. "Juragedo" attacks and destroys "Queen's Knight" ( Yugi  3500 → 3300). Yami Marik then Sets two cards.
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. Yami Marik then activates his face-down " Left Arm Offering " to discard his entire  hand  and add " Monster Reborn " from his  Deck  to his hand. Yami Yugi then activates his face-down " Exchange " to force both players to take one card from their opponent's hand; Yami Yugi takes "Monster Reborn" from Marik's hand while Yami Marik takes "  De-Fusion " from Yami Yugi's hand. (Other cards that were shown in Yugi's hand at this point include " King's Knight ", " Kuriboh ", and " Ragnarok ".)
 Yami Yugi then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive "Queen's Knight" (1500/1600) in Attack Position. Yami Yugi then Normal Summons "King's Knight" (1600/1400) in Attack Position. Since "Queen's Knight was on the field when "King's Knight" was summoned, the effect of "King's Knight" activates, allowing Yami Yugi to  Special Summon  " Jack's Knight " (1900/1000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 5: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws. He then Sets a card (Yugi's "De-Fusion"). Yami Marik then activates " Card of Sanctity " to make him and Yugi  draw  until they both have six cards in their  hand  (Yami Marik draws six cards, while Yami Yugi draws four cards). Yami Marik then switches "Juragedo" to  Defense Position .
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Slifer the Sky Dragon". Aside from "Slifer", Yami Yugi's hand contains "Ragnarok", "Kuriboh", " Dark Magician Girl ", " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ", " Magical Dimension ", and " Dark Magician ". Yami Yugi then  Tributes  "Queen's Knight", "King's Knight" and "Jack's Knight" in order to Tribute Summon " Slifer the Sky Dragon " (X000/X000) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of of "Slifer", it gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each card in Yami Yugi's hand. He currently has six ("Slifer the Sky Dragon": 0 → 6000/0 → 6000). 
 "Slifer" attacks "Juragedo", but Marik activates his face-down " Dark Spell Regeneration " to activate the "Monster Reborn" from Yugi's  Graveyard  as his card, allowing Marik to revive "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (?/?) in Defense Position. Yami Marik then transforms "The Winged Dragon of Ra" into  Egyptian God Phoenix  (0/0).
 Yami Yugi has 3300  Life Points  remaining and controls "Slifer the Sky Dragon" (6000/6000) in Attack Position and one set card.
 Yami Marik has 4000 Life Points remaining and controls "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (0/0) as Egyptian God Phoenix in Attack Position and three set cards.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Marik  has just managed to  Special Summon  " The Winged Dragon of Ra " in  Phoenix Mode . Since a  monster  was  summoned  on Yami Marik's side of the  field , the second mouth effect of " Slifer the Sky Dragon "'  activates , which would lower the ATK of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" by 2000, but it doesn't work as the second mouth effect of "Slifer the Sky Dragon" can't affect "The Winged Dragon of Ra" while it's in  Phoenix Mode . 
 Yami Marik then activates the effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" to  pay  1000 Life Points ( Marik  4000 → 3000) to attack and destroy "Slifer the Sky Dragon". "The Winged Dragon of Ra" then  returns  to Marik's  Graveyard . Yami Marik then activates his face-down " Zombie's Jewel " to add " Monster Reborn " from  Yugi 's  Graveyard  to his  hand  and allow Yami Yugi to  draw  a card (Aside from "Monster Reborn", Yami Marik's hand is shown to contain " Bait Doll " and " Mask of Remnants ".) Without looking at it, Yami Yugi  sets  the card he drew (NOTE:  Ishizu  mentally reveals the card is "Fiend's Sanctuary", the card  Seto  gave Yugi before the  Duel  started.) 
 Turn 7: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws. He then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (0/0) in Attack Position. Yami Marik then pays all but 1 of his Life Points ( Yami Marik  3000 → 1), in order to activate the second effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra", increasing its ATK and DEF by the total amount of  Life Points  paid ("The Winged Dragon of Ra": 0 → 2999/0 → 2999). This effectively "fuses" Yami Marik with Ra. Yami Marik then  Tributes  " Juragedo " in order to activate another effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra", transferring the tributed monster's ATK and DEF to itself, i.e. increasing "Ra's" ATK/DEF by the total amount of  ATK / DEF  tributed ("The Winged Dragon of Ra": 2999 → 4699/2999 → 4299). 
 "The Winged Dragon of Ra"  attacks   directly , but Yami Yugi activates his face-down " Fiend's Sanctuary " to  Special Summon  a " Metal Fiend Token " (0/0) in Attack Position. Yami Yugi explains to Yami Marik that this token will block Yami Marik's attack and when it does, any  Battle Damage  inflicted to Yami Yugi will be redirected to Yami Marik instead. Yami Marik activates his face-down " De-Fusion " in order to separate himself from "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and stop the attack. By doing so, the  ATK  of "Ra" is added back to Yami Marik's Life Points ( Yami Marik  1 → 4700). "The Winged Dragon of Ra" then  returns  to Yami Marik's  Graveyard  since it was revived. Yami Marik then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. On Yami Yugi's Standby Phase, he pays 1000 Life Points ( Yugi  3300 → 2300) to keep his "Metal Fiend Token" on the field. Yami Yugi activates his face-down " Multiply " to  Special Summon  two more "Metal Fiend Tokens" (0/0) in Attack Position. He then Tributes his three "Metal Fiend Tokens" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Obelisk the Tormentor " (4000/4000) in Attack Position. "Obelisk the Tormentor" attacks directly.  
 Yami Yugi has 2300  Life Points  remaining and controls "Obelisk the Tormentor (4000/4000) in Attack Position and no set cards.
 Yami Marik has 4700 Life Points remaining and controls two set cards.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  has just  attacked   directly  with " Obelisk the Tormentor " ( Yami Marik  4700 → 700). Since he just lost over half of his  Life Points  in  Battle Damage , Yami Marik  activates  his face-down " Metal Reflect Slime ", which Special Summons a " Slime Token " with  DEF  equal to 3/4 the ATK, and the appearance, of the opponent's attacking monster, which Yami Marik dubs " Egyptian God Slime " (0/3000). Yami Yugi Sets a card (" Magical Dimension ").
 Turn 9: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws "Revival Jam". Aside from "Revival Jam", the other cards that are in Yami Marik's hand include "Jam Defender", " Polymerization ", " Swallowtail Spike Lizard ", " Class System ", " Bait Doll ", and " The Mask of Remnants ". Yami Marik then Normal Summons " Revival Jam " (1500/500) in Defense Position. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse the "Slime Token"  with "Revival Jam" in order to Fusion Summon " Egyptian God Slime " (?/?) in Defense Position. Due to the effect of " Egyptian God Slime ", its  ATK  and  DEF  become equal to the DEF of "Metal Reflect Slime" ("Egyptian God Slime": ? → 3000/? → 3000). It is also treated as "Revival Jam" while face-up on the field.
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Big Shield Gardna " and subsequently Normal Summons it (100/2600) in  Defense Position . "Obelisk the Tormentor" attacks and  destroys  "Egyptian God Slime". Yami Marik activates the effect of "Egyptian God Slime", now fused with "Revival Jam", to revive itself (3000/3000) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 11: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws. He then  Sets  a card and Normal Summons " Bowganian " (1300/1000) in  Defense Position . While this monster is face-up, Yugi will take 300 damage during each of his End Phases. 
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws a card and subsequently sets it (" Soul Taker "). He then  Tributes  "Big Shield Gardna" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in Attack Position. "Dark Magician Girl" attacks "Bowganian", but Marik activates his face-down " Jam Defender ", which redirects the attack to "Egyptian God Slime" since it's fused with "Revival Jam". The attack fails ( Yami Yugi  2300 → 1300). On the End Phase, the effect of "Bowganian" activates ( Yami Yugi  1300 → 1000).
 Turn 13: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws " Mining for Magical Stones " and subsequently activates it to  discard  two cards and add " Monster Reborn " from his  Graveyard  to his  hand , however Yami Marik is forbidden from activating the returned card this turn.
 While this is happening,  Odion  awakens from his coma and, though injured, heads to the top of the tower.
 Yami Yugi has 1000  Life Points  remaining and controls "Obelisk the Tormentor" (4000/4000) and "Dark Magician Girl" (2000/1700) in Attack Position and two set cards.
 Yami Marik has 700 Life Points remaining and controls "Egyptian God Slime" (3000/3000) and "Bowganian" (1000/700) in Defense Position and " Jam Defender ".
 Turn 13: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik has just managed to take " Monster Reborn " back from his  Graveyard  via " Mining for Magical Stones ". He then Sets a card and Normal Summons " Swallowtail Spike Lizard " (1900/700) in  Defense Position . As long as it remains in Defense Position, Marik will gain 1000  Life Points  during each of his Standby Phases.
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " (1500/1200) in  Defense Position  and Sets two cards. On Yami Yugi's End Phase, the effect of " Bowganian " activates ( Yugi  1000 → 700).
 Turn 15: Yami Marik 
Yami Marik draws "Surprise Attack from Beyond". On Yami Marik's Standby Phase, the effect of "Swallowtail Spike Lizard" activates ( Marik  700 → 1700). Yami Marik activates "Monster Reborn" to revive " The Winged Dragon of Ra " (0/0) in Attack Position. 
 Marik then transforms "The Winged Dragon of Ra" into  Egyptian God Phoenix . Yami Marik then activates the Egyptian God Phoenix effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" to pay 1000 Life Points ( Marik  1700 → 700) and attack and destroy " Obelisk the Tormentor ", but Yami Yugi activates his face-down "Monster Reborn" to revive " Slifer the Sky Dragon " (X000 → 2000/X000 → 2000) in Defense Position and use its effect - when it is Special Summoned from the Graveyard, "Slifer" will be the attack target. The "Egyptian Phoenix" effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" then destroys "Slifer the Sky Dragon". "The Winged Dragon of Ra" then returns to Marik's  Graveyard  in its normal form. 
 Marik activates " Surprise Attack from Beyond " to allow himself to repeat his  Battle Phase  and Special Summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from his Graveyard (0/0) in Attack Position. "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is now in its normal form. Yami Marik then pays all but 1 of his Life Points ( Marik  700  → 1) in order to activate the second effect of "The Winged Dragon of Ra", increasing its ATK and DEF by the total amount of  Life Points  payed ("The Winged Dragon of Ra": 0 → 699/0 → 699). This effectively "fuses" Marik with Ra.
 Yami Yugi then activates his face-down " Soul Taker " to increase Yami Marik's Life Points by 1000 ( Marik  1 → 1001) and allow Yami Yugi to use one of Marik's monsters as a  Tribute  immediately. He chooses " Egyptian God Slime " and, according to  Battle City Rules , a Fusion Monster is treated as a number of Tribute Monsters equal to its number of Fusion Material Monsters. Yami Yugi then Tributes "Egyptian God Slime" (since it is treated as a  double   Tribute ) in order to activate the first effect of "Obelisk the Tormentor" and make its ATK and DEF infinite as well as allow it to attack even though it is Yami Marik's Battle Phase.
 Yami Marik tributes "Bowganian" and "Swallowtail Spike Lizard" and pays all but 1 of his Life Points ( Marik  1001 → 1), in order to increase the ATK and DEF of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" by the total amount of  ATK / DEF  and  Life Points  tributed/payed ("The Winged Dragon of Ra": 699 → 3899 → 4899/699 → 2399 → 3399). Yami Marik then activates his face-down " Class System " to negate the attack made by "Obelisk" as its Level isn't higher than the Level of "The Winged Dragon of Ra".
 "The Winged Dragon of Ra" attacks "Obelisk the Tormentor", but Yami Yugi activates his face-down " Magical Dimension " to Tribute "Obelisk the Tormentor" and "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" in order to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in  Attack Position . Since "Obelisk" has left the field, the attack made by "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is negated as it has lost its original target. Yami Yugi is about to activate his face-down " Ragnarok ", which will remove "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from play.
 Yami Yugi has 700  Life Points  remaining and controls " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) and " Dark Magician Girl " in Attack Position and "Ragnarok".
 Yami Marik has 1 Life Point remaining and controls "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (4899/3399) in Attack Position and " Jam Defender ".
 Turn 15: Marik 
At this point,  Odion  arrives and helps the real  Marik  partly regain  control  over  Yami Marik . Yami Yugi removes from play all  monsters  in his  hand ,  Deck  and  Graveyard  in order to activate " Ragnarok ", which removes from play all of Yami Marik's monsters.
 This is showcased by the spirits of all of Yami Yugi's monsters, aside from "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl". To grab hold of the "Winged Dragon of Ra" and banish it from the playing field, with Yami Marik still attached to it.
 Since  Yami Marik  was fused with " The Winged Dragon of Ra " at the time it was removed from play, a large part of him is also banished, allowing the real  Marik  to regain control of his body.
 Yami Marik returned yet only his eye remained, now that the tables have turned. Marik is now in control and his alter-ego is now the victim.
 Marik   Surrenders  the  Duel , banishing  Yami Marik  once and for all 
( Marik  1 → 0).
 
 Aftermath 
 Yami Marik is banished to the Shadow Realm, and the real Marik thanks the Pharaoh for saving him from himself. Yugi Muto returns to his body and is declared the winner of the Battle City Tournament.
 Mokuba Kaiba  informs Yugi as the winner he gets the rarest card from his opponent's deck. As Marik is about to give him the "Winged Dragon of Ra", he tells Yugi that everyone who was banished to the shadow realm by his dark half will return. He then gives Yugi the third Egyptian God card, "The Winged Dragon of Ra". He also shows the Pharaoh an exact replica of the stone tablet from the Domino Museum inscribed on his back, and gives the Pharaoh the Millennium Rod and the Millennium Ring.
 Seto informs them that now that the Battle City Tournament is officially over they will have to depart, because in one hour the island will blow up.
 Inside  Kaiba Craft 3 , Joey enters Mai's room to see if she woke up.  Serenity Wheeler  tells him she hasn't. Joey begins to cry, but then, Mai opens one of her eyes and she and Serenity start giggling. As it turns out, Mai had revived, with her memories of all her friends intact, including  Téa Gardner , and she wanted to pull a little prank on Joey, with Serenity's help. Elsewhere, they hear someone eating food in the kitchen. As it turns out, it was  Bakura Ryou , who was also brought back.
 In the tower, the Kaiba brothers activate the tower's self destruct mechanism by inserting their pendants.
 In the blimp, the two escorts try to reactivate Kaiba Craft 3 but the engines are completely dead. The gang searches for the Kaiba brothers but they are nowhere to be found. They're about to go back when  Duke  and Bakura relay the bad news. Joey freaks out until he notices the chopper that was going to transport him when he was unconscious, so everyone abandons the blimp in favor of the chopper.
 As they leave they notice Kaiba and Mokuba flying in a Blue-Eyes designed jet.
 Back at the city,  Ishizu Ishtar  and Marik thank Yami Yugi for saving him from the latter's dark side, and they and Odion depart. Duke and Mai also leave.
 The next morning, Yugi meets Joey, with the latter saying there was one more duel left  for something that belongs to him .
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Yugioh142.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120917053519']
Categories: Battle City Duels