Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bonz_(Duel_Links)


 
 Bonz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bonz 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ゴースト骨塚 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Bonz Deck The Unearthed A Tomb Uncovered Living Beyond the Grave Realm of the Pumpking Raving Cemetery King of the Skull Servants Zombie Army Onslaught Overwhelming Zombie Army Graveyard Gunfire 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Amy Birnbaum 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Masami Suzuki 
 
 
 
 Bonz  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Bonz , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 From February 13, 2018 onwards, Bonz appears at the Gate once the player reaches Stage 13 in Duel World (DM). At that time, the character missions to unlock him become available. Prior to that, Bonz was only obtainable by earning 1900 points in the  special event   Bonz's Spooky Zombie Party , with Bonz being referred to as Spooky Bonz throughout the event.
 Prior to being made available as a playable character, Bonz had also appeared during a special event as a roaming opponent, and during the special event  Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom .
 Yellow keys are needed to duel Bonz in the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Description 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Roaming Duelist 
 
 4.3.1   Level 10 
 4.3.2   Level 20 
 4.3.3   Level 30 
 4.3.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.4   Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 
 4.4.1   Level 20 
 4.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.5   Duelist Kingdom 
 
 4.5.1   Level 40 
 
 
 4.6   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 4.6.1   Blue-Eyes Cup 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unsused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Biography 
 Picking up from his appearance in the anime, Bonz survived his ordeal with  Yami Bakura  and enters Duel Links looking to make a name for himself amongst a strong assortment of Duelists. He aims to beat  Joey  after his previous defeat and take revenge on  Bandit Keith . Meanwhile, he's scared of Yami Bakura and keeps his distance.
 While exploring Duel Links, Bonz found that  Bella  had dropped one of her cards and tried to return it to her. Unfortunately, the meek girl mistook him for a ghost and ran off in terror. Yugi and Joey found Bella and decided to investigate, eventually finding that the "ghost" was actually Bonz. Joey impulsively assumed that Bonz had deliberately scared Bella to steal her card and challenged him to a duel. 
 After the duel, Bonz explained himself and returned Bella's card, while also giving her his Pumpking of Ghosts. Bonz revealed that he was leaving Duel Links, since every duelist either intimidated him or was scared of his appearance. Fortunately, Bella changed his mind by offering to duel him. Having restored his faith and made new friends, Bonz decided to stay in Duel Links after all.
 
 Description 
 Bonz puts the fright in his foes with a Ghost Deck full of Zombies. Though he faithfully served Bandit Keith during Duelist Kingdom, his loyalty was rewarded with betrayal when Bandit Keith ditched Bonz after losing to Joey. Bonz also entered in the Battle City Tournament, but Yami Bakura quickly spooked him out of the prelims.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Deck 
 Character 
 
 Bonz Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Magical Ghost  x3 
 Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper  x2 
 Wood Remains  x2 
 Graveyard and the Hand of Invitation  x3 
 The Wandering Doomed  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts  (glossy) 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 The Unearthed Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper  x3 
 Graveyard and the Hand of Invitation  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Wandering Doomed  x3 
 Wood Remains  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 A Tomb Uncovered Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Clown Zombie  x3 
 Crawling Dragon 
 The 13th Grave  x3 
 Three-Legged Zombies  x3 
 Wood Remains  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chopman the Desperate Outlaw  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Violet Crystal  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Raving Cemetery Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Bacon Saver 
 Castle of Dark Illusions 
 Chaos Necromancer 
 Goblin Zombie  x2 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 Magical Merchant  x3 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts 
 Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts  x2 
 Red-Eyes Zombie Dragon 
 Shadow Ghoul Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Life 
 Transmodify 
 Zombie World 
 Level 40 
 
 King of the Skull Servants Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chaos Necromancer  x2 
 Goblin Zombie  x2 
 Gozuki  x2 
 King of the Skull Servants  x3 
 Skull Servant  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Book of Life 
 Murmur of the Forest 
 Painful Decision 
 Tribute to The Doomed 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 Wolf in Sheep's Clothing  x2 
 Xing Zhen Hu 
 Roaming Duelist 
 Level 10 
 
 The Unearthed Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper  x3 
 Graveyard and the Hand of Invitation  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Wandering Doomed  x3 
 Wood Remains  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 A Tomb Uncovered Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Clown Zombie  x3 
 Crawling Dragon 
 The 13th Grave  x3 
 Three-Legged Zombies  x3 
 Wood Remains  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chopman the Desperate Outlaw  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Violet Crystal  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Living Beyond the Grave Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Zombie  x2 
 Dragon Zombie  x3 
 The Snake Hair  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chopman the Desperate Outlaw 
 Crass Clown  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Great Mammoth of Goldfine  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Stop Defense 
 Violet Crystal  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Skull Invitation 
 Level 40 
 
 Realm of the Pumpking Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Castle of Dark Illusions  x3 
 Crass Clown  x2 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts  x3 
 Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts  x3 
 Zombie Master Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy 
 Mask of the Accursed 
 Nightmare's Steelcage 
 Wonder Balloons  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x2 
 Tutan Mask 
 Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Dueling Arena: Wastelands"
 
 
 Zombie Army Onslaught Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 The 13th Grave  x2 
 Clown Zombie  x3 
 Crawling Dragon  x2 
 Three-Legged Zombies  x2 
 Wood Remains  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chopman the Desperate Outlaw  x2 
 Crass Clown  x3 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Dueling Arena: Wastelands"
 
 
 Overwhelming Zombie Army Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Clown Zombie  x2 
 Dragon Zombie  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Castle of Dark Illusions  x3 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts  x2 
 Samurai Skull  x2 
 Zombie Master  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x3 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Level 40 
 
 Greetings from the Grave Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Zombie  x3 
 Clown Zombie  x3 
 Crawling Dragon 
 Dragon Zombie  x2 
 The Snake Hair  x3 
 Zanki 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crass Clown  x2 
 Pumpking the King of Ghosts Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Blue-Eyes Cup 
 Skill: "Tomb of the Haunted" (If your team has less than 2000 Life Points, set one " Call of the Haunted " from outside the deck.) 
 
 
 Graveyard Gunfire Monsters  (8) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ghostrick Ghoul  x2 
 Ghostrick Stein  x2 
 Ghostrick Witch  x2 
 Ghostrick Yuki-onna  x2 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
 Mystic Plasma Zone   x2 
 Second Coin Toss  x2 
 Traps 
 Ghostrick Break 
 Ghostrick Scare 
 Ghostrick Vanish 
 
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Bonz reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Regenerating Mummy "
 
 
 4
 
 Straight to the Grave ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Bonz)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Call of the Mummy "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Bonz)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Ghoul "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Mummy "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 LP Boost β ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Regenerating Mummy "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Yeti "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Ryu Kokki "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Restart ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " King of the Skull Servants "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Zombie World "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Immortal Ruler "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Bonz)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Scare "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Break "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Ghostrick Yuki-onna "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " King of the Skull Servants "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Bonz)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " King of the Skull Servants "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Bonz, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Pumpking the King of Ghosts "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ryu Kokki "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Castle of Dark Illusions "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ghostrick Stein "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ghostrick Witch "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Call of the Mummy "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Monster Rebone "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ghostrick Ghoul "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ghostrick Mummy "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ghostrick Skeleton "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ghostrick Vanish "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Armored Zombie "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Clown Zombie "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Skull Servant "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Straight to the Grave
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Wasteland " activated.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Posthumous Army
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. All monsters on the field and monsters in both players' Graveyards become Zombie-Type monsters until the end of your opponent's turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Zombie Draw
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, randomly draw a Zombie-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of that turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 for one time only.
 This Skill will only activate once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Joey Wheeler 
 When starting a duel with  Joey Wheeler , Bonz annouces "Heh heh heh heh...My ghosts will team you in a living nightmare, Joey!"
 When he wins the Duel, Bonz says "Hahahaha!" followed by "Even a coward will call you a coward!" 
 Yami Bakura 
 When starting a duel with  Yami Bakura , Bonz announces "Eeeeek! I have to face your Deck of Terror?!" followed by "But since I have no choice...I'll win this time!"
 When he wins the Duel, Bonz says "You call that a Deck of Terror?" followed by "My ghosts were much more terrifying!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Bonz says "Ahhhhhhhhh! Oh no! I lost!" 
 Bandit Keith 
 When starting a duel with  Bandit Keith , Bonz announces "Bandit Keith!" followed by "You're not the boss of me anymore!"
 When he wins the Duel, Bonz says "Hahahaha!" followed by "Maybe it's time YOU start calling ME your boss!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Bonz Summons " Pumpking the King of Ghosts ", a cut-in frame of Bonz briefly appears, and he announces "Mwahahah! Here comes the leader of all my ghosts!" followed by "Pumpking the King of Ghosts!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Pumpking the King of Ghosts" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Pumpking the King of Ghosts" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Pumpking the King of Ghosts!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Pumpking the King of Ghosts' effect activates!" followed by "Ectoplasmic Fortification!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Armored Zombie ", he announces "Let's go, Armored Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Armored Armored Zombie!" (spoken as "Armored Zombie attack!") 
 When Bonz Summons " Axe Raider ", he announces "Humph. This warrior's nothing special. Bleh." followed by "Axe Raider!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Axe Raider attacks!" followed by "Wind Blades!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie ", he announces "You won't win a staring contest against this guy!" followed by "Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em, Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Castle of Dark Illusions ", he announces "I'll power of Pumpking the King of Ghosts with this! Castle of Dark Illusions!" (spoken as "I'll power of Pumpking with this! Castle of Dark Illusions!")
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Castle of Dark Illusions! Float and attack!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Castle of Dark Illusions' effect activates!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Clown Zombie ", he announces "Arise! Clown Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Clown Zombie!" followed by "Flame Dagger Acrobatic Attack!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Crawling Dragon ", he announces "Meet my Crawling Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crawling Dragon attacks!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Crass Clown ", he announces "I'm sending in Crass Clown!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wipe the floor with 'em, Crass Clown!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Crass Clown's effect activates!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Dragon Zombie ", he announces "Let's go, Dragon Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dragon Zombie attacks!" followed by "Deadly Zombie Breath!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Great Mammoth of Goldfine ", he announces "This'll send shivers down your spine! Behold! Great Mammoth of Goldfine!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Great Mammoth of Goldfine of Goldfine! Trample 'em!" (spoken as "Great Mammoth of Goldfine! Trample 'em!") 
 When Bonz Summons " King of the Skull Servants ", he announces "I play my ghost card! King of the Skull Servants!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "King of the Skull Servants! Show 'em why you're king!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "King of the Skull Servants' effect activates!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Phantom Ghost ", he announces "Join me, Phantom Ghost!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Phantom Ghost attacks!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts ", he announces "This ghost is perfect! Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Spook 'em Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts' effect activates!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Reborn Zombie ", he announces "Let's go! Reborn Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Reborn Zombie! Attack!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Return Zombie ", he announces "Go, Return Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Return Zombie!" followed by "Bandit Wrap Snap!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Return Zombie's effect!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Skelgon ", he announces "Here's my ghost card, Skelgon!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skelgon, bash 'em!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Skull Servant ", he announces "Witness my ghost card! Skull Servant!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em, Skull Servant!" 
 When Bonz Summons " The Lady in Wight ", he announces "My ghost can't wait to meet you, The Lady in Wight!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Lady in Wight, attack!" 
 When Bonz Summons " The Snake Hair ", he announces "I'm digging up The The Snake Hair!" (spoken as "I'm digging up The Snake Hair!")
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Snake Hair, attack!" followed by "Stone Blizzard!" 
 When Bonz Summons " The Wandering Doomed ", he announces "I'll play this ghost! The Wandering Doomed!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, The Wandering Doomed!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Three-Legged Zombies ", he announces "Stumbling in are my Three-Legged Zombies!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Clobber 'em, Three-Legged Zombies!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Wightmare ", he announces "This ghost card'll work, Wightmare!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wightmare attacks!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wightmare's effect!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Wightprince ", he announces "This will make you believe in ghosts, Wightprince!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wightprince, attack!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wightprince's effect activates!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Wightprincess ", he announces "Check out this ghost, Wightprincess!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wightprincess, attack!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wightprincess' effect!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Zanki ", he announces "Check out this card, Zanki!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Zanki, slash 'em to shreads!" 
 When Bonz Summons " Zombie Master ", he announces "Here I go! Zombie Master!"
 Most of the time when Bonz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Zombie Master attacks!" 
 When Bonz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Zombie Master's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Bonz activates " Burial from a Different Dimension ", he announces "Here's mt Quick-Play Spell, Burial from a Different Dimension." followed by "Banished Monsters, return to my Graveyard!" 
 When Bonz activates " Call of the Haunted ", he announces "I've got just the card to bury you!" followed by "The Continuous Trap, Call of the Haunted!" 
 When Bonz activates " Hard-sellin' Zombie " or its effect, he announces "My Continuous Trap, Hard-sellin' Zombie!" 
 When Bonz activates " Nightmare's Steelcage ", he announces "The Spell Card, Nightmare's Steelcage!" followed by "All monsters can't attack for two turns!" 
 When Bonz activates " Overdone Burial ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Excessive Burial!" followed by "I discard a monster from my hand to return a monster from my Graveyard." 
 When Bonz activates " Polymerization ", he announces "The Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Bonz activates " Robbin' Zombie ", he announces "I'll begin my zombie combo with this." followed by "The Continuous Trap, Robbin' Zombie!" 
 When Bonz activates " Skull Invitation ", he announces "Now begins my ghost combo! I activate the Continuous Trap, Skull Invitation!" 
 When Bonz activates " Stop Defense ", he announces "Hahaha! Perfect! Defending won't protect your monster anymore!" followed by "The Spell Card, Stop Defense!" 
 When Bonz activates " Tri-Wight ", he announces "Zombies don't stay underground forever! Come on back!" followed by "The Spell Card, Tri-Wight!" 
 When Bonz activates " Violet Crystal ", he announces "This will put a pep in my zombie's step!" followed by "The Equip Spell, Violet Crystal!" 
 When Bonz activates " Wasteland ", he announces "This'll power up my army of zombies!" followed by "The Field Spell, Wasteland!" 
 When Bonz activates " Zombie World ", he announces "Watch as all monsters transform into a horrifying zombie horde!" followed by "The Field Spell, Zombie World!" 
 Unsused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Bonz activates " Foolish Burial ", he announces "My Spell Card, Foolish Burial!" followed by "I bury a monster from the Deck into the Graveyard." 
 When Bonz activates " Premature Burial ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Premature Burial!" followed by "It will cost me some Life Points, but I'll gladly pay to get a monster back from the Graveyard!" 
 Trivia 
 Bonz's dialogue for " Axe Raider " is likely intended as a replacement for " Zanki ", which was originally unavailable in the game. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell activated:
 Yami Yugi ,  Arkana ,  Yubel ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Rex Goodwin  - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Tristan Taylor (DM)  - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor ,  Tyranno Hassleberry  - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton  - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar  - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki ,  Jaden/Yubel  - Neo Space! 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers,  Espa Roba , and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton,  Syrus Truesdale , Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo  and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle  - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo  - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 v e 
 Bonz  (Kotsuzuka) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Bonz-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/211?cb=20171012164151', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Profile-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306175755', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Icon-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164528', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Icon-DULI-Bonz2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301173145', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Chibi-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132258', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/CutIn-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314155349', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/Summoning-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172126', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Defeat-DULI-Bonz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307142425', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bonz pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters