Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Rock-paper-scissors

      Honda  and  Ryuji  playing roshambo. Honda (left) has chosen scissors. Ryuji (right) has chosen paper.     
 Rock-paper-scissors  or  roshambo  is a two-player game, where each player simultaneously forms their hand into one of three shapes; rock, paper or scissors. The winner is determined by comparing the chosen shapes, rock beats scissors, scissors beats paper and paper beats rock. If both players pick the same shape, it is a draw. In the event of a draw, the game can be repeated until a winner is determined.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Card game usage 
 2   Manga appearances 
 3   External links 
 4   References 
 
 
 Card game usage 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game , rock-paper-scissors is one of the methods, suggested by the rulebook for determining which player decides who moves first. This practice is also used in a number of video games.
 The card " Transmission Gear " requires players to play rock-paper-scissors as part of its effect.
 The " Geargiano " monsters and ingredients for " Curry Pot " each feature a trio of cards, whose artworks depict monsters making one of the rock-paper-scissors shapes.
 
 Manga appearances 
 Rock-paper-scissors is referred to as  roshambo  or  ro-sham-bo  throughout the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga , where it makes a number of appearances as a choosing method.
 Dark Yugi  played roshambo against  Ushio  and  Kokurano  to determine who moved first in  Money and Knife  and  Paper Crash! , respectively, with Dark Yugi winning in both cases. [1] [2] 
 A duo of Rare Hunters  played roshambo with each other to try and decide which of them should Duel  Dark Yugi  first. However they kept tying, which tried the patience of Dark Yugi, who was in a hurry.  Seto Kaiba  then intervened and suggested that he and Dark Yugi face the Rare Hunters in a Tag Duel. [3] 
 Hiroto Honda  and  Ryuji Otogi  played a game where the winner got to carry  Shizuka Kawai . Honda picked scissors and Ryuji picked paper. However while Honda was distracted by the sound of  Mai Kujaku  laughing, Ryuji changed his hand to represent rock. [4] 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   volume 6: " Monster Fight " , features a  Monster World  Battle Game , which recommends players play rock-paper-scissors to determine who plays the role of dungeon master.
 
 External links 
 en.wikipedia.org  Rock–paper–scissors on Wikipedia 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 5: " The False Prophet " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 118: " Attack that Opponent! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 136: " Yugi Fights Alone " 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Honda_and_Ryuji_roshambo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20171013225611']
Categories: Games, Games (real world)