Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_183


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 183 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 神神の戦い 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kamigami no Tatakai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Battle of the Gods 
 
 
 English 
 Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 183 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 10, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 May 28, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " 
 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 2   Featured Battle #1: Yugi, Kaiba, and Joey vs. Dartz & The Orichalcos God - Part 2 
 3   Unending Power 
 4   Gathering of Power 
 5   Battle of the Gods 
 6   The True Nature of the Orichalcos God 
 7   Featured Battle #2: Yugi & Yami Vs. Dartz & The "Great Serpent" - Part 1 
 8   Differences in adaptations 
 9   Trivia 
 10   Mistakes 
 11   Featured cards 
 
 
 Events 
 " Dark Magician Girl " and the Duel Monsters world survivors join the fray. The Chosen Duelists try to strike back with new Monsters.
 
 Featured Battle #1:  Yugi ,  Kaiba , and  Joey  vs.  Dartz  &  The Orichalcos God  - Part 2 
 Battle continues from previous episode. 
 
 Joey Summons " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", " Rocket Warrior ", and " Gilford the Lightning ". 
 Kaiba Summons " XYZ-Dragon Cannon ", " Blade Knight ", and " Kaiser Sea Horse ". 
 Yugi Summons " Black Luster Soldier ", " Buster Blader ", and " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior ". They all attack with no success. 
 The Orichalcos God counter-attacks, destroying all of their Monsters including their  Legendary Knights . 
 Unending Power 
 Dartz claims that this god's power cannot be exhausted. The reason is simple: the origin of the power of this god is from the seized persons’ "Dark of the Heart": that is the reason. He then tells them to pay attention and they heard several mourning laments from within the beast. He creates some tentacle-like extensions and begins to assimilate the 3 of them, claiming that the current humans cannot win over the darkness of their hearts. Yami manages to hold on by having his Duel Disk stop him from falling fully inside of the beast's body.
 
 Gathering of Power 
 Yugi tells Yami that they should try to stir comfortable memories of the people trapped here. Yami admits that although it's hard to win over the darkness of the heart, there's something inside of everyone which cannot be destroyed. No matter what happens, it will always keep on existing. If they believe in its existence, then they can bring out the 'Light' of their hearts. He rallies on everyone to recall those who fought for them.
 As some of them recall things, they begin to generate some kind of energy. Dartz claims victory, but, all of a sudden, something begins to pulsate inside of the beast, taking him aback. The power of the captured souls flows into Yami's Duel Disk, and "Dark Magician Girl" spots it, so they join their power into it. Joey and Kaiba hand him their power as well. 
 Yami finally sinks inside, but his  Millennium Puzzle  engages and the image of him as the Pharaoh shows over his body while the  Eye of Wdjat  shows up on his forehead. The pulsations begins to occur again, surprising Dartz as three familiar beams of blue, red and yellow light pierce out of the beast's body, taking Dartz aback.
 
 Battle of the Gods 
 The energy leaves a hole in the beast's body and the Chosen Duelists are freed. However, the three  Egyptian Gods  descend from the skies and face the Orichalcos God, stunning Dartz. Roaring its challenge to the Egyptian Gods, it flies above the clouds into an open, blue sky, and the Egyptian Gods, along with Yami's spirit, chase it.
 The three  Egyptian Gods  attack the beast a first time, unsuccessfully, and as they pull back, the Great Leviathan counter-attacks with it full energy wave. Yami then calls on the Egyptian Gods' attacks by their special names:
 
 " Obelisk the Tormentor ":  "God Hand Crusher!"  ("Fist of Fury" in the English dub) 
 " Slifer the Sky Dragon ":  "Thunder Force!"  ("Thunder Force Attack" in the English dub) 
 " The Winged Dragon of Ra ":  "God Blaze Cannon!"  ("Blaze Cannon" in the English dub) 
 Their 3 attacks combine into one mighty blaze. Thanks to the power of infused into Yami's Duel Disk previously, the attack creating an energy clash between the Evil beast and Egyptian Gods making the sky energy burst around the cloud bottom, leaving everyone can see including the US Navy. Yami declare to Dartz very clearly: "They will never lose to the darkness of our heart", then the Three Egyptian god attack gain the advantage and destroys the Orichalcos God along with Dartz. The body of the God falls down into the ocean. All the souls trapped by the Orichalcos are set free.
 
 The True Nature of the Orichalcos God 
 Suddenly, Atlantis starts falling apart and sinking back into the ocean. A dark shape jumps out of the ocean and into it. Yugi, Kaiba, and Joey rush back to the inter-dimensional portal. However, Yugi and Yami Yugi's spirit stay behind to face...  Dartz  and the spirit form of the Orichalcos God, who has not yet been defeated!
 
 Featured Battle #2: Yugi & Yami Vs. Dartz & The "Great Serpent" - Part 1 
 " Legendary Knight Timaeus " comes out of his own will and tries to attack the "Great Serpent", as Dartz names it. Timaeus is struck down and its Attack doesn't seem to have made any damage: Yami Yugi calls him back to his  Deck  and wonders what is this thing: it seems different from all of the monsters they've encountered so far.
 Dartz explains that all kinds of attacks are already futile: this "Great Serpent" is the true nature of the Orichalcos God. It holds the resentment of the humans populating this world. Man has filled this planet with hatred, so as long as man or the Earth exist, the darkness of the heart held within the Earth shall not be destroyed. That is what the monster represents.
 Yami Yugi tells Yugi to run, and let him deal with this. Yami Yugi announces that unless the "Great Serpent" is defeated, the same events will transpire over the world again. He then demands of the "Great Serpent" if it was the one which summoned his soul to this forsaken place. He says that, in this battle, he's finally understood his uttermost duty about clearing the heart of the darkness, thanks to the support of his companions. Now, he must do it as Pharaoh. Yami Yugi then challenges the "Great Serpent", announcing that he'll shoulder all of its rage and hatred which form the Earth's darkness of the heart.  The "Great Serpent" then attacks & engulfs Yami Yugi's spirit.
 Battle concludes next episode. 
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The flashbacks that  Rafael ,  Alister , and  Valon  had were completely changed in the dub. 
 The hexagram on "Dark Magician Girl" is removed. 
 " Dreamsprite " and " Fairy's Gift " are dressed to avoid nudity. 
 The scene in which the Orichalcos God is destroyed is different - in the Japanese version after the beams of light shoot out of its body, parts of it explode violently. In the dubbed version, the Great Leviathan is made all glowy and the screen blurs and contorts to hide the explosions. 
 The scene where Legendary Knight Timaeus attempts to cut through the Great Serpent's body is obscured in the dubbed version 
 Trivia 
 Apart from the 3 Dragons/Knights, Kaiba, Yami Yugi, and Joey each only summon 3 "real" monsters at a time, much like the  DiaDhanks  of Ancient Egypt. 
 The three monsters Yugi summons in this episode are the same three monsters he uses in the  final episode  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  for the effect of " Subspace Battle ". 
 Two of Joey's 3 monsters this time around, "Gearfried" and "Gilford", are the same two monsters Joey summoned outside of Duel in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light  to battle the giant monster form the antagonist took on for the last fight (though he'd already summoned both in a duel earlier on). 
 When Yami and the Egyptian Gods come out of the clouds, their positions match those of the carvings on the  Tablet of Lost Memories : Slifer is in the middle, Obelisk is on the right, Ra is on the left, and Yami is centered between them (like the puzzle on the tablet), representing the full power of the Pharaoh. 
 Mistakes 
 During the scene where several souls are shown trapped within the Orichalcos God, Rex Raptor is wearing his Duelist Kingdom clothing, instead of his post-season 1 clothing. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blader 
 Legendary Knight Timaeus 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight 
 Gilford the Lightning 
 Legendary Knight Hermos 
 Rocket Warrior 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blade Knight 
 Kaiser Sea Horse 
 Legendary Knight Critias Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 
 Duel Monsters (Spirit) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bean Soldier 
 Dark Gray 
 Key Mace 
 Meda Bat 
 Tenderness 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dreamsprite 
 Fairy's Gift 
 Fire Sorcerer 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Kuriboh 
 Pixie Knight 
 Woodland Sprite Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Gryphon Wing 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Active Guard 
 Burning Knuckle 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Jet Gauntlet 
 Over Boost 
 Psychic Armor Head Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Monster Reborn 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Hermos Fusions 
 
 Big Bang Dragon Blow 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Yugioh183.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121018062742']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes