Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_OCG_Structures_-_Chapter_005


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures - Chapter 005
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 四 天 王 集 結 ！！
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Shiten'ō Shūketsu!!
 
 
 
 Japanese translation
 
 
 The Four Kings Assemble!!
 
 
 
 Number
 
 
 5
 
 
 
 Release date(s)
 
 
  October 26, 2019 
 
 
 Chapter listing
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures chapter listing 
 
 
 Previous
 
 Tenyi vs Mathmech 
 
 
 Next
 
 God Phoenix vs Thunder Dragon 
 
 "The Four Kings Assemble!!"  is the fifth chapter of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures .
 Shoma Yusa is ready to use the new deck he's built, but is very suddenly challenged by a new opponent, who's looking to use Shoma as a testing board for even greater challenges.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shoma Yusa vs. Psychic Tendo 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   References 
 
 
 Summary 
 A kid wearing a cape comes to the Sattelite Shop. He has gained the attention of Shoma Yusa, who always comes to the shop when a new product has been launched. The kid maliciously smiles, promising he'll be the one to defeat him. Inside, Shoma is building a deck with Dark Kuroda, Light Tsukiko and Strong Jukyu. With certain cards laid out on the table, Shoma starts to focus, and has analyzed all of the cards. While his friends are watching, Shoma enters his imagination, the World of Warrior's Strike. Inside, he meets with Infernoble Knight - Roland, Evocator Eveque and Sublimation Knight. Shoma greets the three knights, and is met up with a large flaming figure resting on a throne: Immortal Phoenix Gearfried. The latter is honored that Shoma has entered their realm. Shoma finds the tall knight cool, but is taken aback by its fiery aura. Gearfried laughs, for Shoma will get burnt if he gets too close.
 Gearfried calls them all as the knights of flaming red souls. While Expaladin reminds Shoma they support FIRE Warriors, Eveque explains they are also centered around cards that equip to them. Shoma thinks for a bit, and reminisces about "Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights", which is a good support for this Deck. Gearfried agrees with that, as does Roland, for he'll be able to support Gearfried with that. Moreover, Shoma considers using "Instant Fusion" to bring "Thousand" or "Millennium-Eyes Restrict", or even "Relinquished Anima", to support Gearfried even further. Shoma sees the Extra Deck has been set, which leaves the Main Deck for many options. Gearfried reminds that is the beauty of creating Decks, and there's no right answer to building it. He exclaims it is the Duelist's senses that guide them to create a Deck. Shoma repeats a bit of his words, and agrees with his principles.
 Shoma has decided his mind, and thanks Gearfried for his words, for he has to talk with his friends, too. The knights wish that Shoma uses them in the Duel, to which he promises to. Shoma snaps out, and soon, he creates his Deck. Dark Kuroda is fascinated how fast Shoma built the Deck, even memorizing the card effects. Light Tsukiko notes Shoma only needs to look at the card to know its effect, which he confirms. Strong Jukyu is estranged, considering there are over 10,000 cards in the game right now, and he can barely remember the cards used in the past. Dark Kuroda calls him weak for that, which makes Strong Jukyu annoyed by the guy. Dark Kuroda invites him to a Duel to test the Light and Darkness, but Strong Jukyu refuses, since he is too edgy. Light Tsukiko asks Shoma what motivated him to build this Deck. Shoma reminds about Dark Kuroda's "Geomathmech Final Sigma", which had a FIRE boss monster.
 Strong Jukyu and Dark Kuroda are impressed by Shoma's motivation, while Light Tsukiko calls him a kid. Shoma adds he was also thinking of adding "Gearfried" summoning chant. Dark Kuroda supports Shoma in that, though Strong Jukyu is a bit worried that Shoma will turn out as edgy as Dark Kuroda. At any rate, Light Tsukiko is pleased that Shoma has finished his Deck, and is ready to Duel him. Suddenly, the boy with glasses from earlier shouts at Shoma, pointing his finger that he has found him. Strong Jukyu and Dark Kuroda are surprised to see Psychic Tendo over here. Light Tsukiko's glare turns dark, for Shoma promised to Duel her first. The audience is fascinated to see the four kids: "Strong" Goriki Jukyu, Yami "Dark" Kuroda, Saiko "Psychic" Tendo and "Light" Tsukiko Kuroda: the four Elementary School Duel Kings, which have not been seen in one place for ages.
 Shoma asks who are the Duel Kings. Ms. Guide explains these are the strongest people of this shop - top Duelists of the generation that have taken part in many events. While Light Tsukiko and Psychic Tendo are in sixth-grade, while Dark Kuroda and Strong Jukyu are in middle school. Shoma panics to hear he'll be in the same class as Dark Kuroda. Shoma is not pleased, as he is older than Dark Kuroda to be in the eight-grade. Anyway, Tendo reminds this is his last opportunity to participate in the World Championship Dragon Duels division. He wishes to win the qualifications tomorrow to go to the Championship, so he can see what it is like, just as *he* did. Shoma wonders whom Tendo means by that, to which Strong Jukyu, Dark Kuroda and Light Tsukiko become sad. Regardless, Tendo wishes to Duel Shoma, for he did defeat Dark Kuroda, strongest of the kings.
 Light Tsukiko calms down, for she does not wish to participate in the Championship. It is why she decides to step away and let Tendo Duel Shoma. Shoma doesn't care which opponent stands in his way, and prepares his Duel Disk. Tendo smirks, as Dark Kuroda and Storng Jukyu smile to see Shoma already wearing the disk. Ms. Guide gathers everyone to see this fun Duel, between the Duel King and the guy that has defeated two of them. As the Duel starts, Tendo takes his first move. Shoma wonders what kind of a Deck he uses. In mere moments, Psychic Tendo has played "Thunder Dragon Colossus" and "Some Summer Summoner". As Tendo ends his turn, Dark Kuroda comments this is a good field for a "Thunder Dragon" deck, whereas Strong Jukyu tries to remember what those cards' effects are. Shoma takes his turn by drawing a card, then Special Summons "Super Quantum Red Layer", then Normal Summons "Evocator Eveque".
 Shoma goes to take his next move, while Tendo analyzes that even with these Warriors, Shoma couldn't get rid of his "Colossus". Thus, he discards "Maxx "C"" to play its effect. Shoma is alarmed, as Ms. Guide reminds that whenever Shoma performs a Special Summon, Tendo can draw a card. Light Tsukiko is disgusted, claiming she'd never add cockroaches to her Deck. Shoma wonders what can he do next, for he could Link Summon "Isolde", whose effects will be countered by the "Colossus". He also considers sending "Supervise" to the GY to summon "Roland", Link Summon "Draco Masters of the Tenyi" and banish "Supervise" to bring out "Immortal Phoenix Gearfried". In that case, however, Shoma counts that Tendo could draw four cards. Dark Kuroda believes Shoma should stop, while Strong Jukyu believes he should continue, else he won't defeat "Colossus" regardless of the 'Maxx "C" challenge'.
 As the two boys argue, Ms. Guide wonders what will Shoma do next. Tendo taunts Shoma, telling it is never a good idea to think for too long. Shoma sighs, then equips his "Evocator Eveque" with "Superalloy Sword of Raptinus". While Tsukiko thinks Shoma has decided not to use other cards, Tendo smiles. Regardless, Shoma banishes that Equip Spell Card, as he summons out a chant for "Immortal Phoenix Gearfried", which is Special Summoned to his field. While Tendo draws a card for the Special Sumon, Dark Kuroda approves of Shoma's summoning chant. Shoma, however, simply wanted to bring out "Gearfried" for his next move, for it is not a monster, but a *god*.
 
 Featured Duel: Shoma Yusa vs. Psychic Tendo 
 Turn 1: Psychic Tendo 
 The following moments of the turn were not shown, but were explained at the end of the chapter: 
 
 Psychic Tendo has " Batteryman Solar ", " Thunder Dragonhawk ", " Maxx "C" ", " Thunder Dragonmatrix " and " Thunder Dragon Fusion " in his  hand . He  Normal Summons  "Batteryman Solar" ( Level  4/1500/1500) and activates its effect, sending " Thunder Dragonroar " from his  Deck  to his  GY . He  discards  "Thunder Dragonhawk", using its effect to  Special Summon  "Thunder Dragonroar" (Level 6/2400/0) from the GY in  Defense Position . This triggers the effect of "Batteryman Solar", Special Summoning a " Batteryman Token " (Level 1/0/0) in Defense Position. He uses the latter and "Batteryman Solar" to  Link Summon  " Some Summer Summoner " (1600/ Link -2/↙↘). Psychic Tendo tributes "Thunder Dragonroar", Special Summoning " Thunder Dragon Colossus " (Level 8/2600/2400) from his  Extra Deck , which activates the effect of "Dragonroar", letting Tendo Special Sumon a " Thunder Dragondark " (Level 5/1600/1500) from his Deck. At the  End Phase , "Dragondark" is added to Tendo's hand, due to being summoned by "Dragonroar". He also discards that card to add another copy of "Dragonroar" to his hand. 
 Psychic Tendo  controls  "Thunder Dragon Colossus" and "Some Summer Summoner".
 Turn 2: Shoma Yusa 
Shoma  Special Summons  " Super Quantum Red Layer " (Level 5/2000/800). He then  Normal Summons  " Evocator Eveque " (Level 4/1500/1000). At this point, Psychic Tendo  discards  " Maxx "C" ", so whenever Shoma Special Summons a monster, Psychic Tendo can  draw  a card. Shoma has " Supermagic Sword of Raptinus ", " Immortal Phoenix Gearfried ", " Blazewing Butterfly " and " Infernoble Knight - Roland " in his  hand . Shoma  equips  "Evocator Eveque" with "Supermagic Sword of Raptinus"  Equip Spell Card , then banishes that it to Special Summon "Immortal Phoenix Gearfried" (Level 9/3000/2200) from his  hand . Due to the  effect  of "Maxx "C"", Psychic Tendo draws a card.
 
 Duel continues in the  next chapter . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this chapter. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shoma Yusa Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernoble Knight - Roland [1] 
 Immortal Phoenix Gearfried 
 Sublimation Knight [1] 
 Super Quantum Red Layer 
 Gemini monsters 
 Blazewing Butterfly [1] 
 Evocator Eveque Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Millennium-Eyes Restrict [1] 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict [1] 
 Link Monsters 
 Draco Masters of the Tenyi [1] 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights [1] 
 Relinquished Anima [1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cross Over [1] 
 Gearbreed [1] 
 Supermagic Sword of Raptinus [1] 
 Traps 
 Gemini Ablation [1] 
 
 Psychic Tendo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Maxx "C" 
 Thunder Dragondark 
 Thunder Dragonhawk 
 Thunder Dragonroar Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Thunder Dragon Colossus 
 Link Monsters 
 Some Summer Summoner 
 
 Light Tsukiko Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Potan 
 White Potan 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Trivia 
 The last line of the last panel that Shoma mutters about "Gearfried" not being a monster, but a god, is the same line Seto Kaiba uses in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  to summon " Obelisk the Tormentor ". 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.00   1.01   1.02   1.03   1.04   1.05   1.06   1.07   1.08   1.09   1.10   1.11   This card is shown in Shoma's Deck. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures   chapters 
 #001 " Struct Start!! " #002 " Tenyi VS Simorgh " #003 " Light and Dark " #004 " Tenyi vs Mathmech " #005 " The Four Kings Assemble!! " #006 " God Phoenix vs Thunder Dragon " #007 " Duel Date!? " #008 " God Phoenix VS Declarer " #009 " Ageha's True Skills " #010 " The New Master Rules " #011 " Knight Gaia vs Adamancipator " #012 " Team Battle " #013 " Fallen Angel VS Psycho Shocker " #014 " A Duel You Cannot Lose " #015 " Pressure...!! " #016 " Virtual World VS Eldlich " #017 " ? " #018 " ? " #019 " ? " #020 " ? " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/OCG_Structures_Chapter_5.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20191123222625', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures chapters