Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_008


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 008 
 
 
 
 
 Henrietta  and the  LID  representatives. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 遊勝塾の危機！！ＬＤＳ襲来 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yūshō Juku no Kiki!! Erudīesu Shūrai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 You Show School's Crisis!! LDS Invasion 
 
 
 English 
 Bad Business 
 
 
 Number 
 008 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 1, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 18, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 April 24, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 30, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Mr. Mystery " 
 " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 
 
 
 " Bad Business ", known as " You Show School's Crisis!! LDS Invasion " in the Japanese version, is the eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 1, 2014 and in Canada on September 18, 2015. Nicktoons aired it in the US on April 3, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 After  Sylvio ’s Duel with the  mysterious man  who looks like  Yuya  ends with him taking a ton of damage from a monster made from an  Xyz Summon , word of it reaches the ear of  Declan , the CEO of  Leo Corporation . His mother,  Henrietta , who just returned to the country, also receives a report about it. Followed by the elite of the  Leo Institute of Dueling , she marches to the  You Show Duel School  that the criminal Yuya goes to. And they plan to...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Dipper O'rion 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Differences in Adaptions 
 5   Mistakes 
 6   In other languages 
 7   Cast 
 
 
 Summary 
 Henrietta Akaba  has arrived at  Paradise City  by plane, returning from another successful acquisition for Leo Corporation. On the limousine ride to the Leo Institute,  Claude  congratulates her, but is concerned about recent events and starts informing.
 Henrietta soon meets her son  Declan , who confirms the discovery of a new Summoning method in the game. He shows a projection of  Yuya Sakaki  performing a  Pendulum Summon , and explains how it enables one to summon high level monsters without Tributing. Declan informs his mother that enough data has been analysed to understand Pendulum Summons, but remains convinced that Yuya is their main focus of their current investigation. Declan's research reveals that Yuya's win rate as a duelist is less than 60%, and Henrietta is surprised that an average Junior Youth duelist was able to patent a new Summoning method. Henrietta is even more surprised when she hears that Yuya is  Yusho Sakaki 's son, considering that Yusho disappeared three years ago. Declan then informs Henrietta about the previous night's incident which left  Sylvio Sawatari  injured, and the assailant, who knows how to  Xyz Summon .
 Sylvio himself is at a hospital bed, fully bandaged and recovering from his injuries, still convinced that Yuya was the one who left him in this state. He gets angry at his three friends who were there to see him.  Kakimoto  sheepishly agrees, and  Ootomo  recalls that  Zuzu  noticed as well.  Sylvio's father , more outraged than anyone else at the scene, starts shouting across the city using a megaphone, demanding answers on account of his suspicions that someone is trying to stop him becoming mayor.  Yamabe  and Ootomo sweatdrop, knowing they had faked Sylvio's injuries. Just as Sylvio's father promises vengeance for his son, Claude and Henrietta arrive at the room, having come to see Sylvio after what happened. Henrietta presents a bouquet of flowers, knowing that Sylvio's father is in the running for the mayoral elections. However, she advises him against informing police about the incident, asking him to focus on his campaign trail and trust her instead to solve the mystery. 
 Meanwhile, at the  You Show Duel School ,  Skip  is re-capping the different  Summons  to a small class comprising of just  Allie ,  Frederick ,  Tate , Yuya, Zuzu and  Sora . After Skip explains  Normal Summon , Tate is able to recall the process of  Tribute Summon , to which Allie and Frederick get bored. Meanwhile, Sora mixes his ice cream and custard together (mashed potatoes and yogurt in the dub), calling it a  Fusion Summon , and marvels at the taste of his new combination. Yuya is not impressed that Sora is eating in class, and is about to warn him of Zuzu's paper fan strike. But upon seeing Zuzu, she is lost in thought. Yuya notes that Zuzu hasn't been her usual self since yesterday, and wonders why. Skip then has Sora explain Fusion Summon, but Sora, totally oblivious, begins biting on a donut (and, in the dub, "Principal Boyle's bagel"), causing Skip to get angry. Zuzu suddenly interrupts her dad, asking if he knows about Xyz Summon. Skip says that he doesn't know, and that the Leo Institute only began teaching it recently. He wants to know why his daughter brought it up, but Zuzu ends up dodging the question. Upon seeing Yuya, Zuzu has a flashback of the assailant from yesterday, and gasps. Zuzu brushes it off and sits back down with a smile. Zuzu tries to convince herself that Yuya knows nothing about Xyz Summoning, then suddenly,  Gong's  voice booms from outside. 
 Yuya and Skip see him outside later, and Gong explains that he was out training when he saw three mysterious characters peeking at the school. They told Gong that Yuya attacked them yesterday. The three, who are Sylvio's friends, appear in front of them, and also reveal that another person witnessed the attack they accuse Yuya of. They point directly behind Yuya and Skip; Zuzu and the rest of Skip's class have all arrived from the elevator as well. They mockingly ask, "Isn't that right, Zuzu?" and before Gong and Skip can ask, Ootomo says clearly that the assailant's face looked just like Yuya's. Sora, Tate, Frederick and Allie defend Yuya, saying that Sylvio had attacked Yuya first, and Zuzu had to duel him to keep Yuya safe. Skip gets even more surprised, but is suddenly horrified that his daughter could become guilty of association (in the dub, he's horrified that Zuzu may be the real culprit). Flustered, Sylvio's friends say that only Yuya is to blame. They inform the rest that Sylvio's injuries have left him hospitalized, and he could be at his final moments of life (in the dub, they say he may never Duel again). (Although they are clearly lying about this, as the scene temporarily shifts to Sylvio treating himself to a bowl of melon after taking off his casts.) Kakimoto gets angry, saying Yuya could be blamed for what happens next. Yuya asks Zuzu to defend him. Though lost in thought, she does confirm she is a witness. Yuya, now worried, asks if Zuzu believes what has been told, but Zuzu hesitates again. Sylvio's crew do not forget to remind Yuya that he'll get a criminal record for what happened to Sylvio. After hearing a police siren, Skip demands the full story of what happened yesterday (in the dub, Skip responds to Sylvio's friends demand that Yuya pay by Skip having the others join him by paying actual money). 
 Just then, Henrietta arrives outside the school with Claude and his limousine, introducing herself as the Leo Institute's chairwoman. While Henrietta brings Yuya and the rest to the Institute, Claude briefly stays behind to thank Sylvio's friends for their play-acting, by giving them cards as prizes. At Henrietta's office at the Institute, the chairwoman chooses to believe that Yuya Sakaki was responsible for the assault on Sylvio Sawatari. Yuya finally pleads his innocence, and Gong chooses to support him. Allie, Frederick and Tate also support Yuya. But when Zuzu is asked, she once again hesitates, but is finally brave enough to confront Yuya. After a brief moment, Yuya once again states that he wouldn't assault Sylvio (in the dub, he simply tells Zuzu to speak what's in her heart). With a smile, Zuzu chooses to believe that Yuya is innocent. 
 Knowing that Yuya wouldn't be handed over due to the support of his friends, Henrietta instead stakes her pride on the Leo Institute's top ranking in the city, knowing that a student there losing to an outsider would ruin the school's reputation. Now enraged, she challenges You Show Duel School's students to duels against her own students, a challenge that Skip is horrified to hear, as well as Yuya and Zuzu, although Sora reacts with a smirk. Henrietta clarifies that if Skip's students win, the Sylvio incident will be dropped, but if Henrietta's students win, the Leo Institute will acquire You Show Duel School. This horrifies Yuya, Zuzu and Gong. Skip knows about Henrietta's recent acquisitions of dueling institutions, and eventually realizes that the incident was a set-up. Henrietta says that she has nothing to do with the incident itself, but does admit she is using the events to further the Leo Institute's influence, by making Pendulum Summon their fourth pillar. 
 Henrietta says that the Leo Institute can use Leo Corporation's latest technology to incorporate Pendulum Summon into the curriculum and teach it. Because so many students admire Yuya, they are keen to learn Pendulum Summon themselves. Tate, however, says that Pendulum Summon can't be performed without  Pendulum Cards . Henrietta responds by saying Leo Corporation can solve this problem, though she actually thinks it will get her closer to investigating Yuya. Yuya, however, finally speaks up, saying that he won't let anyone take You Show Duel School or the Pendulum Summon. You Show Duel School was built by his father to teach  Dueltaining , Yuya says, and no amount of money or power would ever sway him to give it up.  Yuya's friends are impressed at his newfound resolve. Although Gong says he would fight alongside Yuya, Sora nonchalantly points out that Gong doesn't attend Yuya's school. Sora proposes that only he, Yuya and Zuzu represent the school in a battle against the Leo Institute. Sora says he has always wanted to test himself against a Leo Institute student. Despite Gong's protests, Henrietta knows that Skip's students have decided. Skip agrees, and together with his students, declare the You Show Duel School as not for sale.
 Eventually, Henrietta also chooses her three students, and they come face to face with Skip's self-declared trio at one of Leo Institute's dueling courts. Yuya overrides Sora's input to be the first to duel, which Henrietta claims is no surprise because they need the first win out of a best-of-three. Sora then rudely calls out to Henrietta, claiming she hasn't seen him duel, although Zuzu calms him down at this point. Henrietta tells Yuya that her three chosen students are also of Junior Youth age, but are the top duelists in their respective courses. Yuya's opponent comes forward, introducing himself as  Dipper O'rion , the Xyz course representative at the Leo Institute. Zuzu notices the familiar name, and when Tate looks up Dipper O'rion's profile for Allie, Frederick and Gong to see, his status is confirmed: a 91% win rate. Frederick knows that it means Dipper would qualify for the Junior Youth division of the  Arc League Championship . Allie goes further, claiming he's the favourite to win. Skip assures Yuya that even if his opponent is a hot favourite, he need not fear him. He gets Yuya "fired up" (in the dub, Skip tells Yuya to use a battle cry), and eventually Yuya is staring down his opponent while the others watch on from behind windows.
 Henrietta claims that her representatives can deal with any situation. Skip challenges the statement by putting on the Action Field Spell, "Cosmic Sanctuary". Dipper is initially surprised, but then laughs that Skip chose a field that was right up his street. Skip doesn't realise this at first, until Sora tells him what the name "Dipper" actually means. Yuya is not deterred, and promises to win for the future of You Show Duel School. Allie, Frederick and Tate perform the  Action Duel  chant before the duel begins. Meanwhile,  a hooded man  appears outside the You Show school.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Dipper O'rion 
       Yuya VS Dipper     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Cosmic Sanctuary " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their hand at a time.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cosmic Sanctuary 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior  (silhouette) 
 Berfomet  (silhouette) 
 Celtic Guardian  (silhouette) 
 Curse of Dragon  (silhouette) 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts  (silhouette) 
 Giant Soldier of Stone  (silhouette) 
 Mystical Elf  (silhouette) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aether, the Empowering Dragon 
 Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior 
 Hypnosister 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Flash Knight 
 Foucault's Cannon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gatling Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gachi Gachi Gantetsu 
 
 Declan's footage Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Castle of Chaos 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Sky Magician Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Differences in Adaptions 
 Henrietta checking her news cast on LID shows the picture rather then the news headlines. 
 Sylvio faking his injury and without his cast on is cut from the dub. 
 Tate checking Dipper's win ratio is changed in the dub to only show him looking at his Duel Disk rather than showing the information on the screen. 
 The opponents that Yuya Dueled offscreen uses the names of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  dubbing staff. 
 Mistakes 
       4 "roses".     
 The word "lose" is mispelled in the database as "rose". This is due to the fact that most Japanese speakers find difficulty differentiating the English phonemes /l/ and /ɹ/. 
 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Femme d'affaires
 
 
  German 
 Rein Geschäftlich
 
 
  Italian 
 Cattivi affari
 
 
  Korean 
 유승학원의 위기!! LDS의 습격
 
 
  Thai 
 วิกฤตของโรงเรียนยูโชว แอลดีเอสบุกแล้ว
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Yuto 
 
 Manpei Takagi 
 
 Yuto
 
 Michael Liscio Jr.
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Shingo Sawatari 
 
 Shogo Yano 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 Michael Lockwood Crouch
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Nakajima 
 
 Yūki Hayashi 
 
 Claude 
 
 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 
 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 Lianne Marie Dobbs 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Mr Sawatari 
 
 Katsuhisa Hōki 
 
 Curio Sawatari 
 
 
 
 
 Kakimoto 
 
 Takumi Watanabe 
 
 Kakimoto
 
 
 
 
 Ootomo 
 
 Sho Nogami 
 
 Ootomo
 
 
 
 
 Yamabe 
 
 
 
 Yamabe
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/ArcV_008.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140601114927', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/Hokuto_Shijima_VS_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140601210701', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/HokutoRoses.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140601193808', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes