Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Obelisk_Force.png


 
 Obelisk Force
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese
 
 
 オベリスク・フォース
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Oberisuku Fōsu
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
   Italian : Forza Obelisk 
   Korean : 오벨리스크 포스 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 
 The  Obelisk Force  (オベリスク・フォース  Oberisuku Fōsu ) is an elite group of Duel Soldiers of the highest ranking at  Duel Academy  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , all of whom answer directly to  the Professor . All of its members wear militaristic uniforms (very similar in design to  their commander's  clothing) that are predominantly blue and white with yellow accents along with jagged blue and silver helmets (that feature red jewels set in the eye sockets and a single large jewel, that can be either green, red or yellow, set in the forehead) designed after the head of " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Their rank is based on the  Obelisk Blue  rank from  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   History 
 1.2   Arc League Championship 
 1.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 1.4   Heartland City 
 
 
 2   Deck 
 3   Duels 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Three years ago,  Leo Akaba , the Professor of Duel Academy, and several Obelisk Force members caught  Celina  and  Declan  trying to escape. They captured Celina and took her away as per Leo's orders, then placed an  interdimensional teleportation device  on Declan's wrist, which sent him back to the  Standard Dimension  from whence he came. [1] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
         Sora  and the Obelisk Force.     
 When Celina appeared in the  Standard Dimension , she eventually warned Declan that the Obelisk Force would come to pursue her. Therefore, Declan organized the third round of the  Junior Arc League Championship  into a city-wide  Battle Royal . [1]  As Declan expected, Obelisk Force eventually interfered, as three Duel Soldiers captured  Ashley ,  Bram  and  Carl ,  sealing   them   in  cards. 
 This was witnessed by  Yuya Sakaki , who then fell into a  state of rage  and challenged them. Despite the Obelisk Force members  burning  Yuya repeatedly, the boy appeared unfazed. Six more appeared before Celina, but were intercepted by the Senior participants of the ALCS. [2]  Meanwhile, Yuya swiftly defeated the three Obelisk Force members with the newly created " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ". [3] 
 When  Sun Shadow  returned to the  Volcano Area , three of the Obelisk Force members had left, with the remaining three defeating all of the Senior Class Duelists, sealing them in cards, save for  Kev Ravenwood , who was rescued by  Yugo , who had been warped to Standard a little while earlier. Yugo defeated all three Obelisk Force members at once by turning their own card effects against them. 
 Three more Obelisk Force members surrounded  Zuzu Boyle , disguised as Celina at the time, but  Yuri  appeared and dismissed them to assist  Dennis McField . [4]  These three soldiers then cornered  Celina ,  Shay , and  Moon Shadow  in the Volcano Area. They pushed Celina and Moon Shadow into a corner until  Reed  and  Trout  joined the Duel. Though the fresh 'partners' were able to inflict decent damage to the trio, they were defeated and  sealed   into  cards too. Before Moon Shadow would befall the same fate,  Sylvio  arrives and saves him with an  Action Card . [5]  Sylvio's participation fails to change the tide of the duel. The tables turn when  Gong  joins in and passes Sylvio's Pendulum Monsters to Shay, who then  Pendulum - Xyz Summoned  " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " to win the Duel, eradicating the Obelisk Force members who stormed the Battle Royale. [6] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
         The Obelisk Force gliding towards  New Domino City .     
 After hearing Dennis' report, Leo gave  Barrett  a new mission to go to the  Synchro Dimension  with the Obelisk Force and Yuri to capture Zuzu and Celina. [7] 
 Near the end of the Duel between  Crow  and Yuya, Sora,  Sector Security , Declan and Crow noticed several gliders with searchlights defined to be the Obelisk Force. [8]  Once landed, Obelisk Force split up into groups of three, searching for Zuzu and Celina. Those who were to find either of them would alert the others with a red flare. [9] 
 Celina, still incapacitated from Security's attempt to take her and with Moon Shadow and  Riley Akaba , was found rather quickly and a flare was lit, slowly drawing the Obelisk Force to her location. Several members then entered duels with Riley, with all of them ending up defeated by the young boy. Others approached the  High Council 's building, which was under siege by Security as well. However,  Sergey Volkov  intercepted them, defeating several members, much like Riley did. Around the same time, another trio found themselves halted by Moon Shadow whom they quickly overpowered with their numbers. They held the upperhand until Sora joined the duel on Moon Shadow's side, much to their surprise. This trio was then defeated after Sora, with help from Moon Shadow, destroyed their "Hound Dogs" and turned them against their masters. All of the defeated Obelisk Force members were recalled to Duel Academy near-instantly. Riley defeated another group, but at this point was too tired continue dealing with their reinforcements. The young boy then started panicking, recalling his traumatic memories. Before the Obelisk Force could take profit from his situation, Yuya Sakaki arrived to rescue him and Celina. [9] 
 Together, Yuya and Riley defeated another trio before Barrett arrived with three more and challenged Yuya. While they were dueling, the next three members went after a still panicking Riley. [10]  This trio was then attacked by Sora's monsters and sent back to Duel Academy. Another trio then appeared, led by  Yuri . Incapacitating Sora with a "Hunting Hound" blocking his  Duel Disk , the trio restrained the traitorous Sora while Yuri started a Duel with Yugo, who appeared at the scene, as well. [11] 
 While watching the two Duels, the three members wondered what the distortion in the sky was after the  Four Dimension Dragons  appear on the field. They also call out to Yuri who started to  act   strange , but when Zuzu arrived, her  bracelet  teleported him and Yugo away. When Barrett, defeated by the newly arrived  Sergey Volkov , took Celina with him at the last moment before retreating to the  Fusion Dimension , the remaining three members retreated, seeing no possibilities to fulfill their mission without their commanders Barrett and Yuri in the current situation. [12] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Under the Professor's orders, the Obelisk Force arrived in  Heartland  and told  Mamoru  that they will eliminate the  Lancers . [13]  Three members found the Lancers and Dueled Yuya and Shay. They attempted to defeat Yuya before his turn started but he used " Big Escape " to end the  Battle phase . Once they  Fusion Summoned  " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", it's shockwave caused a building to collapse that took Shay out of the Duel after being hit by debris while saving  Saya . They have "Chaos Giants" attack Yuya but before they can defeat him,  Kite  activated " Quick Guard " saving him. Kite quickly brought out " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " and defeated them with his monster's effect, " Cipher Diffusion " and " Cipher Interference ". The three members was about to be sealed them into cards by Kite, but he left them alone and decided to approach Yuya and the others. [14] 
 
 Deck 
 All Obelisk Force members use  " Ancient Gear " Decks . Their strategy relies on using " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " to deal  effect damage , and  Fusion Monsters  using "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" as a  Fusion Material  to  destroy  the opponent's  field  while dealing effect damage when the opponent's  monsters  are destroyed. They are heavily reliant on  Battle Royal  rules, as they often defeat their opponents not with power but through sheer numbers with multiple members  attacking  the same opponent at once, typically in groups of three.
 They further take advantage of Dueling as a  team  with the same  Decks  by using multiple cards to revive their team members' defeated "Hunting Hounds" and their Fusioned forms to repeatedly use them as Fusion Materials to  Fusion Summon  more powerful "Hunting Hound" monsters and ultimately bring their ace, " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 (later played  a different effect ) Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Giant 
 Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Armageddon Gear 
 Ancient Gear Double Imitation 
 Ancient Gear Scrap Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Ancient Gear Booster 
 Ancient Gear Reborn 
 Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion 
 Ancient Gear Spark Shot 
 Fusion Dispersal 
 Fusion Trench 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Ashley ,  Bram  and  Carl 
 44 
 Win
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 45 - 46 
 Lose
 
 
 Kev Ravenwood 
 46 - 47 
 No result
 
 
 Senior  Lancers 
 46 - 47 
 Win
 
 
 Yugo 
 47 
 Lose
 
 
 Celina ,  Moon Shadow , and  Shay Obsidian 
 48 - 49 
 Lose
 
 
 Reed Pepper 
 48 
 Win
 
 
 Trout 
 48 
 Win
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 48 - 49 
 Lose
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 49 
 Lose
 
 
 Sergey Volkov 
 89 
 Lose
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 89 
 Lose
 
 
 Moon Shadow  and  Sora Perse 
 89 
 Lose
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 89 
 Lose
 
 
 Riley Akaba  and  Yuya Sakaki 
 90 
 Lose
 
 
 Kite Tenjo ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Yuya Sakaki 
 109 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 76: " Plans of Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 89: " Hunted and Hounded " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 92: " Tragic Reunion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/Obelisk_Force.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150503085347', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Flag_of_South_Korea.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120212011', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Sora_%26_Obelisk_Force.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150201183929', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Obelisk_Force_Kite.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160303011456']
Categories: Character groups