Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Chapter_062


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Chapter 062
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 最 強 の Ｐ シリーズ！！
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Saikyō no Puranetto Shirīzu!!
 
 
 
 Japanese translation
 
 
 The Strongest of the Planet Series!!
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 The Ultimate Planet Series!!
 
 
 
 Number
 
 
 62
 
 
 
 Card Gallery
 
 Japanese 
 
 
 Chapter listing
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX chapter listing 
 
 
 Previous
 
 The Final Showdown!! 
 
 
 Next
 
 The Threat of the Sun!! 
 
 "The Ultimate Planet Series!!" , known as  "The Strongest of the Planet Series!!"  in the Japanese version, is the sixty-second chapter of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga. It was first printed in Japanese in the  V Jump  magazine and in English in the  Shonen Jump  magazine. Both of which were printed in  volume 9  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  graphic novels afterwards.
 Jaden Yuki  and  Chazz Princeton  continue their  Duel  with  Tragoedia . Though they had an early advantage, Tragoedia makes a comeback, before he finally Summons his  ace monster , " The Supremacy Sun ".
 
 Summary 
 Both  Midori  and  Zane  arrive at the warehouse docks near  Duel Academy 's docks; both are surprised to see the other there. Midori asks what Zane is doing there, and he responds that he saw  Syrus  and  Alexis  running towards the location looking worried. He believes they went into the warehouse. Zane states that there's something off about the exchange matches this year, having heard that people have been losing consciousness due to to  Dueling . Midori tells him to leave it to her, and instructs him to return his dorm. He responds that he'll see what is going on with his own eyes, believing Midori already knows. The two duck down to enter the warehouse in time to see  Jaden 's " Elemental Hero Gaia "  attacks   Tragoedia   directly . Syrus is excited, knowing that Jaden and  Chazz  will win if the attack hits. Tragoedia states that their bonus round is over and  activates  his  face-down  " Drawn to the Abyss ",  paying  half his  Life Points  to  destroy  all  monsters  on the  field . Jaden responds by activating his face-down " Protection of the Elements ",  removing  "Gaia" from play for the duration of the  turn  to  negate  "Drawn to the Abyss".
 Jaden declares that if "Gaia" failed, he'll attack with Chazz's " Light End Dragon " instead. Tragoedia activates his face-down " Ruined Future ", halving his Life Points again to destroy "Light End Dragon" and inflict  effect damage  to Jaden and Chazz equal to its  ATK . Chazz activates his face-down " Dragon's Shining Scales ", returning "Light End" to his  hand  and  Special Summoning  a  Dragon - Type  monster of the same  Level  from his hand - " Dark End Dragon ". Thus, "Ruined Future" loses its  target  and  resolves  with no effect. He states that light and darkness are two sides of the same coin. Chazz reveals that a monster Summoned with "Dragon's Shimmering Scales" cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. Jaden questions why Tragoedia would take all that damage on Chazz's previous turn when he had both of those  Trap Cards   Set . Jaden Sets " Hero Signal " and during the  End Phase , "Gaia" returns to the field. Midori mutters that this Duel is a  Shadow Duel  and Zane questions what she means before seeing  Atticus ' unconscious body slumped against the nearby crates. No one had realized that Midori and Zane were there. Tragoedia states that humans really are like insects - they keep crawling in one after the other. Jaden tells Midori that he can't turn his back anymore, and she urges him to defeat Tragoedia.
 Tragoedia questions if he'll be able to do that. He declares that since his Life Points are under 1000, he may Special Summon " Endless Decay " from his hand. Its ATK is equal to his opponent's Life Points minus 100, so it has 3900 ATK. Tragoedia activates " The World of True Darkness ", which will negate all damage to both players, while Tragoedia will gain Life Points equal to the damage that Jaden and Chazz would normally take. Though their Life Points will not decrease, they will feel real damage and pain from the Shadow Duel. "Endless Decay" attacks and destroys "Gaia" and Tragoedia's Life Points rise to 1800. Jaden activates his face-down "Hero Signal", Special Summoning " Elemental Hero Shadow Mist " from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . Tragoedia activates " Prediction ", which lets him declare one action during his opponent's  Standby Phase . That action will be negated. He ends his turn and Chazz  draws . Tragoedia declares that Chazz will use the  effect  of "Dark End Dragon" via "Prediction", so its effect is negated. Jaden is worried, as if they don't do something about "Prediction", Jaden's  Fusion Summons  would be canceled as well. Chazz  Normal Summons  " Samsara Dragon " in Defense Position and Sets a card. Tragoedia is surprised that Chazz left "Dark End" in Attack Position, reiterating that the damage will become real. He states he'll give Chazz the pain he desires.
 "Endless Decay" attacks "Dark End Dragon", but Chazz activates his face-down " Dragon's Evil Eye ". As he  controls  two Dragon-Type monsters, he destroys both "The True World of Darkness" and "Prediction". Their Life Points drop due to the attack, and "Dark End" is destroyed. With this decrease, the ATK of "Endless Decay" drops to the same amount - 2700. Tragoedia is impressed that Chazz would drop their Life Points to break through. Tragoedia activates " Treasures of the Dead ", which will increase his Life Points by 500 for each  Spell  and Trap Card in his  Graveyard . With "Beacon from Duat", "Ruined Future", "The World of True Darkness" and "Prediction", he gains 2000 Life Points. Tragoedia Normal Summons " Thousand-Eyed Ghost " in Defense Position and Sets a card. Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Ocean " and is pleased to see it. He activates " Polymerization ", fusing "Ocean" with "Shadow Mist" to Fusion Summon " Elemental Hero Escuridão " in Attack Position. It gains 100 ATK for each " Elemental Hero " in Jaden's Graveyard. With " Knospe ", " Woodsman ", "Gaia", "Ocean" and "Shadow Mist" there, the ATK of "Escuridão" becomes 3000. Syrus exclaims that its ATK if higher than that of "Endless Decay". Jaden attacks with  Dark Diffusion , destroying "Endless Decay". Tragoedia activates his face-down " Descendants of the Dead ", Special Summoning two Level 3 or lower monsters as a Level 5 or higher monster was destroyed. He Special Summons two " Three-Eyed Ghosts " from his Deck in Defense Position. Jaden ends his turn.
 Midori and Zane question where Tragoedia got these monsters from - they've not seen or heard of them anywhere before. Tragoedia responds that he created the Deck himself, solely for his own purposes. He stats that a Deck is the like the destiny of the Duelist that wields it and that he is in control of not only his own destiny, but that of all the insect-like humans as well. Chazz questions if that is Tragoedia's cure for his boredom. He responds that this Duel has provided a moment of fun for him that he's not had in a while. Jaden retorts that they'll end his destiny. Tragoedia tells him to try if they truly can. He activates the effect of one of his "Three-Eyed Ghosts",  sending  it to the Graveyard to add a monster from his Deck to his hand. He then  Tributes  his other "Three-Eyed Ghost" and his "Thousand-Eyed Ghost" to Normal Summon " The Supremacy Sun " in Attack Position. Jaden is surprised to see another  planet card . The effect of "Thousand-Eyed Ghost" activates, letting Tragoedia Special Summon a Level 4 monster from his Deck. He chooses another "Thousand-Eyed Ghost", which appears in Defense Position. The ATK of "The Supremacy Sun" is equal to that of "Escuridão". Tragoedia attacks using  Solar Flare , destroying both monsters. He Sets a card to end his turn. Chazz draws and Summons " Red Wyrm " in Attack Position. Jaden thinks that Tragoedia's field has one Set card and one monster. He attempts to use the alternate function of his  Academia Disk  to check Tragoedia's Graveyard and find out what the effect of "The Supremacy Sun" is.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki and Chazz Princeton vs. Tragoedia 
 Duel continues from  the previous chapter . 
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Before the  attack  of  Jaden 's " Elemental Hero Gaia " hits  Tragoedia   directly , Tragoedia  activates  his  face-down  " Drawn to the Abyss ",  paying  half his  Life Points  (Tragoedia 400 → 200) to  destroy  all  monsters  his opponents  control . Jaden activates his face-down " Protection of the Elements ",  removing  "Gaia" from play for the duration of the  turn  to  negate  "Drawn to the Abyss". Jaden attacks directly with  Chazz 's " Light End Dragon ", but Tragoedia activates his face-down " Ruined Future ", which would destroy "Light End Dragon" and inflict damage equal to half the  ATK  of "Light End Dragon" to Jaden and Chazz's Life Points by paying half his own (Tragoedia 200 → 100). Chazz activates his face-down " Dragon's Shining Scales ", returning "Light End" to his  hand  and letting him  Special Summon  a  Dragon - Type  monster of the same  level  from it. He Special Summons " Dark End Dragon " (2600/2100) in  Attack Position , causing "Ruined Future" to lose its  target  and  resolve  with no effect. "Dark End Dragon" may not declare an attack this turn. Jaden  Sets  a card and "Gaia" returns to the  field  during the  End Phase .
 Turn 6: Tragoedia 
As Tragoedia has 1000 or fewer Life Points, he Special Summons " Endless Decay " (?/0) from his hand in Attack Position. It gains ATK equal to every 100-point difference between his Life Points and that of his opponents. Therefore, its ATK is 3900. Tragoedia activates " The World of True Darkness ", which will reduce all  Battle Damage  to zero, and allow him to regain Life Points equal to the damage his opponent would receive. He attacks "Gaia" with "Endless Decay" (Tragoedia 100 → 1800). Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Signal ", Special Summoning " Elemental Hero Shadow Mist " (1000/1500) from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . Tragoedia activates " Prediction ", which will allow him to declare any action during his opponent's  Standby Phase . Should the opponent perform that action, it is negated.
 Turn 7: Chazz 
During the Standby Phase, Tragoedia declares that Chazz will activate the effect of "Dark End Dragon" with "Prediction". Chazz  Normal Summons  " Samsara Dragon " (0/0) in Defense Position and Sets a card. Chazz attacks "Endless Decay" with "Dark End Dragon", while activating his face-down " Dragon's Evil Eye ", letting him destroy  Spell  and  Trap Cards  on the field equal to the number of Dragon-Type monsters he controls. As he controls two, he destroys both "The World of True Darkness" and "Prediction". "Dark End Dragon" is destroyed (Jaden/Chazz 4000 → 2700). With their decrease in Life Points, the ATK of "Endless Decay" decreases to 2600.
 Turn 8: Tragoedia 
Tragoedia activates " Treasures of the Dead ", gaining 500 Life Points for each Spell and Trap Card in his  Graveyard  (Tragoedia 1800 → 3800). He Sets a card. He then Normal Summons " Thousand-Eyed Ghost " (800/1000) in Defense Position.
 Turn 9: Jaden 
Jaden  draws  " Elemental Hero Ocean " and activates " Polymerization ", fusing "Ocean" with "Shadow Mist" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Escuridão " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Its effect increases its ATK by 100 for each " Elemental Hero " in Jaden's Graveyard. It rises to 3000, as he has "Gaia", "Shadow Mist", "Ocean", " Woodsman " and " Knospe " in his Graveyard. "Escuridão" attacks and destroys "Endless Decay" (Tragoedia 3800 → 3400), with Tragoedia activating his face-down " Descendants of the Dead ", Special Summoning two " Three-Eyed Ghosts " (900/900 each) from his Deck in Attack Position as a Level 5 or higher monster was  destroyed by battle .
 Turn 10: Tragoedia 
Tragoedia  sends  one "Three-Eyed Ghost" to the Graveyard via its own effect to add " The Supremacy Sun " from his Deck to his hand. He then  Tributes  his other "Three-Eyed Ghost" and his "Thousand-Eyed Ghost" to Summon "The Supremacy Sun" (3000/3000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Thousand-Eyed Ghost" activates, letting Tragoedia Special Summon a Level 4 or lower monster from his Deck. He Special Summons another "Thousand-Eyed Ghost" (800/1000) in Defense Position. "The Supremacy Sun" attacks "Escuridão", destroying both monsters as they have equal ATK. Tragoedia Sets a card.
 Turn 11: Chazz 
Chazz Normal Summons " Red Wyrm " (1700/1800) in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in  the next chapter .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this chapter. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Shadow Mist 
 Elemental Hero Woodsman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Knospe 
 Elemental Hero Ocean Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Escuridão 
 Elemental Hero Gaia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Signal 
 Protection of the Elements 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark End Dragon 
 Light End Dragon 
 Red Wyrm 
 Samsara Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dragon's Evil Eye 
 Traps 
 Dragon's Shining Scales 
 
 Tragoedia/Principal MacKenzie Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Endless Decay 
 The Supremacy Sun 
 Thousand-Eyed Ghost 
 Three-Eyed Ghost Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Prediction 
 The World of True Darkness 
 Treasures of the Dead 
 Traps 
 Descendants of the Dead 
 Drawn to the Abyss 
 Ruined Future 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  chapters 
 #001 " A New Hero!! " #002 " Princeton!! " #003 " The Legendary Dragon " #004 " Bastion the Analyst!! " #005 " Terra Firma Gravity " #006 " Miss Duel Academy " #007 " The Real Duelist!! " #008 " Two Big Brothers!! " #009 " Best Friends!! " #010 " A Meeting with Destiny!! " #011 " Deck of Fate!! " #012 " Duelist Instinct!! " #013 " Showdown! Who Will Win? " #014 " The Deck Passed!! " #015 " Separation...and Determination!! " #016 " A New Enemy?! " #017 " Bastion vs. Chazz!! " #018 " Mysterious Monster!! " #019 " The First Round Ends!! " #020 " Let the Tournament Begin!! " #021 " Enemies on the Move!! " #022 " Shadow Game...!! " #023 " Conclusion!!... But Then What?! " #024 " Alexis vs. David!! " #025 " Chazz vs. Syrus!! " #026 " Brother's Bond!! " #027 " The Semifinals Begin!! " #028 " Fusion Summon!! " #029 " Shadow Game!! " #030 " Light vs. Dark!! " #031 " Darkness on the Move!! " #032 " Jaden VS. Chazz!! " #033 " Ultimate Hero!! " #034 " The Final Round...!! " #035 " The Winner! What's Next...?! " #036 " Angel of Darkness!! " #037 " The Shadow Game Ends!! " #038 " The Final Duel Begins!! " #039 " Kaiser!! " #040 " Mac's Story!! " #041 " The Shadow Game Speeds Up!! " #042 " The End of the Battle...?! " #043 " A New Enemy...?! " #044 " King Rhodie!! " #045 " King Atticus's True Power!! " #046 " Tag Duel!! " #047 " Birth of the Ultimate Tag!! " #048 " The Outcome of the Tag Duel!! " #049 " Syrus's Real Strength!! " #050 " Aster Phoenix!! " #051 " Masked Hero vs. Vision Hero!! " #052 " Aster Duels Again...! " #053 " The Menace of the Vision Heroes! " #054 " Looming... Darkness! " #055 " The Terror of the Forbidden Beasts!! " #056 " The Mystery of the Planet Series!! " #057 " The Exchange Battle Heats Up!! " #058 " MacKenzie's Stealth Maneuvers!! " #059 " Jaden in Crisis!! " #060 " The Impending Resurrection!! " #061 " The Final Showdown!! " #062 " The Ultimate Planet Series!! " #063 " The Threat of the Sun!! " #064 " Beyond the Struggle… " ... further results 
# ---  " Special One-Shot "
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/YuGiOh%21GXChapter062.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130125182309']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX chapters