Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Manga_Akari.png

For other versions of this character, see  Kari Tsukumo (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Kari Tsukumo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Akari Tsukumo 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Kari Tsukumo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 九十九 明里 九十九明里 つくもあかり Rōmaji: ( Tsukumo Akari ) 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 20 [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Haru Tsukumo  (grandmother) Mira Tsukumo  (mother) Kazuma Tsukumo  (father) Yuma Tsukumo  (younger brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Journalist 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Rebecca Soler  (credited as Jessica Paquet) 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Nami Miyahara 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Giuliana Atepi 
 
 
 
 Kari Tsukumo , known as  Akari Tsukumo  ( 九十九   明里 ,  Tsukumo Akari ) in the manga and Japanese versions, is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . She is the older sister of  Yuma Tsukumo  and daughter of  Kazuma Tsukumo  and  Mira Tsukumo .
 She and her brother  live with  their grandmother  Haru . Kari doesn't let Yuma Duel, according to the manga,  Astral  thinks it has something to do with the Emperor's Key. However, Haru seems to allow Yuma to Duel without Kari finding out. In  Episode 16 , she discovered that Yuma had been Dueling despite her opposition, but apparently does not mind and now permits him to Duel. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Anime biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 2.3   World Duel Carnival 
 2.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   References 
 
 
 Personality 
 Kari can be a tad self-centered at times, occasionally sending others out to find her scoops to make reports on, even if it is dangerous or hazardous. She can also be a tad aggressive, showing to be willing to physically attack Yuma when she caught him dueling (though it is possible she was just trying to intimidate him). 
 Despite this, Kari genuinely cares for her little brother, and seems to be rather protective of him. She made a promise to her parents that she would do what she can to take care of Yuma, being told that he would rely on her for a long time. As a teenager, she seemed jealous that Yuma got more attention from their parents but has seemingly gotten over any animosity she may have had then. Also, Kari's car was a memento from her father, and she drives it with great care.
 
 Anime biography 
 History 
 In the past, Kari and Yuma were very close and didn't like the fact that their parents went on so many trips. When her father injured himself during a snowstorm accident, she noticed the pendant in his hand as he was being taken to hospital.
 In the past, Kari was also very jealous of the attention that Yuma received from their parents as he is the youngest. Her parents notice this and tell her that even though she thinks it, it isn't true and that they pay more attention to Yuma because he is frail, and that they will rely on Kari to look after Yuma while they go on trips.
 It is also shown that while Kari was at high school, she developed a relationship with  Charlie McCay , a gambler who was known for being a daredevil. One night, he kissed Kari before driving away on a motorbike. It is assumed that he never returned after promising her he would. [2]  She kept his motorbike as a memento next to her garage and drives it sometimes when she finds out about a hot scoop which requires her to be swift. It should also be noted that she also uses her father's car while he lived with them for driving around.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Kari is first seen during the day when  Reginald Kastle  snaps her brother's  pendant , which their father gave him. Yuma moans at her for not waking him up, but she pushes Yuma's comment back by saying that because he's in middle school, he should wake himself up, causing Yuma to pull a face. She then continues with her work and takes a drink from a cup, ignoring Yuma's annoyance. [3] 
 The day after Yuma beat Reginald, a freak virus caused  Heartland City  to malfunction not only causing distress for the various civilians, but also caused Kari's computers to shut down, losing a precious scoop which she had been working on for days causing her to scream. Yuma, hearing this, ran to see what was wrong, but in turn Kari blamed Yuma for the accident causing him and his friends to run in fear. She then picked Yuma and Tori up from  Heartland Middleschool  and tells them that she managed to find the location of the person who uploaded the virus, that being in the schools library thus forcing Yuma and Tori to scope the location out for anyone suspicious. [4] 
 
       Kari's avatar     She is later informed of a virus which was set to attack the city via her computer. Straight away she began to hack through the cities systems in order to locate the virus and stop it for a great scoop. She reveals here that she is a black-belt in karate and begins to attack the virus via her computer counterpart. Even though Kari manages to defeat the Bugman guarding the virus, it was too late. Although this is said, the virus turned out to merely cause a giant  Crashbug  to appear above the  Crashbug Stadium  and throw bombs which produced fireworks which bought happiness to the children within Heartland City. [5] 
 After Yuma receives the fan-mail from  Flip  containing the  Baby Tiragon  card, Kari shows her annoyance by warning Yuma that he better not be Dueling. She then looks at  Haru Tsukumo  in annoyance which causes her grandma to pull a scared face and look away, pretending she didn't hear the conversation and carries on drinking her tea. [6] 
 Always looking for a scoop, Kari notices on the news that there is a  criminal  keeping many people hostage at the  Heartland Shopping Mall , she instantly rings Yuma on his  Duel Gazer  and asks him where he is, although he tried to deny being at the mall, Kari knew he was there thus screamed at him to get her some information on the occurrence. Before Yuma could get close to the scene,  Kite Tenjo  and  Orbital 7  caused the time to freeze allowing them to capture the criminals  Numbers  without anyone interrupting. Yuma and Astral realized that they could move around in this frozen time, but several blockages cause Yuma to get there just before Kite turns the time back to normal, thus the police attack Yuma, messing up Kari's scoop as it was reported all over the news, thus would be old. [7] 
 After Yuma visited the  Duel Sanctuary  and began his Duel with  Kaze  to defend the lodge, Kari and her grandma came to see where Yuma was and walked in just as the Duel had begun. Seeing Yuma Duel annoyed Kari and she was about to punish him for it, but was stopped by  Roku  who told her that Yuma could only grow through Dueling and that she must witness Yuma Duel. Ever since Yuma defeated Kaze, Kari has confidence that Yuma will be safe and believes in his "Kattobingu" spirit. [8] 
 
       Kari and Brianna at the journalist event.     
 During the parents day at Yuma's middleschool, Kari attends a reporter party unknowning of the events occuring at Yuma's school as he didn't tell her or Haru about it. At the party, Kari meets up with Bronk's sister:  Brianna Stone  who is also a friend of Kari's, she questions Kari why she didn't go to the event which causes her to run out and go to the school as she promised her parents that she would protect and look after Yuma. She alerted Haru and both turned up to the event and scolded Yuma for not telling them and to later support him in his '20 stack challenge'. [9] 
 
 World Duel Carnival 
 One night while Kari was preparing her work, a robbery in the  Heartland Museum  was reported on her computer. Suddenly her  Duel Gazer  lit up and it turned out that her old romance,  Charlie McCay  was the one behind the robbery and wanted Kari to help him. Before Kari could decline, Charlie hung up. Annoyed at Charlie and how he left Kari in the past, she sent Yuma to do her work for her. After Yuma located Charlie, he challenged him to a Duel and the latter was surrounded by the  Heartland police , who tried to subdue him, but by using the powers of " Number 7: Lucky Straight ", he was able to escape and cause massive destruction, even managing to steal a large amount of cards from the people in the vicinity including Yuma's " Number 11: Big Eye ". Kari then met up with Yuma and Tori, who told her what happened. Determined to find him, all three set off. [2] 
 After Yuma and Tori trapped Charlie on a subway train, Kari followed them and watched the Duel on her motorbike. After Yuma defeated Charlie, Kari stopped the train by sliding her motorbike into the rails, forcing it to stop. She began to scold Charlie for what he did and even wanted to know about a girl named May he was talking about, but she learned of his true intentions as he wanted to take "Lucky Straight" so that he could give luck to his niece,  May , who was undergoing an important operation. Later that night, Kari and Charlie walked through the streets of  Heartland City  and Charlie kissed Kari, but received a slap across the face as she didn't want a repeat of last time (cut from the dub). He then wandered off into the night, leaving Kari dazed. [10] 
 After Kari was appointed with the task of finding  Cameron , she was angered upon learning that he hurt people with his predictions. When Yuma Dueled him, she was seen trying to keep Tori calm (who was on the plane Cameron predicted was going to crash), and also even trying to get the people in charge of the blimp to stop it. She was surprised when  Kite  came in her view, and recognized him. [11] [12] 
 Later when she learned that Yuma was going to leave to go find his father  Kazuma Tsukumo , she was not happy with his decision. Like the others though, she was happy when he decided not to leave. [13] 
 After Yuma's victory over Vetrix, she drove to Heartland to check what was going on, but was surprised that Yuma and Tori were still inside, causing her to worry. After a brief conversation with Tori over her phone, she began to worry again. [14] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Following Yuma's Duel with  Mizar , Kari was seen at the hospital yelling at her brother for endangering his and  Shark 's lives.  Rio  appeared and told her to quiet down as Shark was resting. Kari apologized, told Yuma that he was lucky that his and Shark's injuries weren't serious, and left. [15]  When  Lillybot  returned home from buying groceries, Kari thanked Lilly and made a rude comment toward Yuma. [16]  One night at dinner, Yuma was eating his dinner at a fast pace, which caused Haru to asks why he's acting differently. Yuma replies by thanking her for everything and asks Kari if she's busy for work. This startled her, causing her to ask him what got into him. Yuma then got up and starts massaging her shoulders, much to her chagrin. After dinner was over, while Haru and Kari were washing the dishes, the latter asked her grandmother why Yuma was acting differently and what he was planning. Haru replied that Yuma was like  Kazuma  because he acted that way before leaving on a big adventure. This caused Kari to get upset and leave to stop Yuma, but Haru stopped her. She told her that all they can do is watch over Yuma. The next day, when Yuma tried to leave his  home , Haru calls out to him. Surprised, Yuma turned around and found his family waiting for him at the door. Lillybot tossed Yuma some Duel lunch and Kari told Yuma to come back for dinner before voicing her support for her brother. [17] 
 When Yuma returned home, Kari was upset at Yuma for getting Tori involved with the search of the "Mythrian Numbers". [18] . Later, she was frustrated that she could not connect to any online systems. Kari was also annoyed by Lillybot cleaning up the place, up to the point that she kicked her across the room. The Litterbot subsequently reactivated, much to Kari's surprise and Lillybot fixed the screens to watch Kite's Duel against  Mizar . A confused Kari asked what was going on, and Lillybot explained that Orbital was fighting for the sake of everyone on Earth. Kari and Lillybot then watched the Duel. [19] [20] 
 Before the final Duel between Yuma and Astral, Kari complained about the mess that Yuma's friends made. She became embarrassed when Haru suggested that she Duel to find a husband. [21]  Kari was last seen getting into another argument with Yuma. [22] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Main article:  Akari Tsukumo (manga) 
       Akari in the  manga .     
 Akari fills the same role in the manga as she does in the anime. 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  character profiles" . TVTokyo.com .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-zexal/chara/index.html . Retrieved July 4, 2012 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 31: " Life is a Carnival: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 5: " Flipping Out, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 13: " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 16: " Training Days, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 32: " Life is a Carnival: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 35: " Bad Developments: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 36: " Bad Developments: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 44: " Rock and a Hard Place " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 68: " The Countdown Begins " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 84: " Playing Defense " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 107: " Furry Fury " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 134: " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Akari_Tsukumo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150107003144', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/Kari%27s_avatar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20111122204142', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Akari_and_Tetsuko.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110822185448', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Manga_Akari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120629181034']
Categories: Characters, Kari Tsukumo pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters