Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jim_Crocodile_Cook_(Duel_Links)


 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ジム・クロコダイル・クック 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Andy Manjuck 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuto Chikuma 
 
 
 
 Jim Crocodile Cook  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Jim Crocodile Cook , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. He first appeared and officially became an unlockable character on June 28, 2022, in his own dedicated event "Fossil Dragon Resurrects! Jim 'Crocodile' Cook".
 Yellow Gate Keys are required to Duel Jim "Crocodile" Cook at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Level 50 
 3.7   Event 
 
 
 4   Duel Rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 7.1.2   Alexis Rhodes 
 7.1.3   Tyranno Hassleberry 
 7.1.4   Supreme King Jaden 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 Description 
 Jim "Crocodile" Cook was a transfer student from South Academy. He used a Fossil Fusion Deck, showcasing his love of geology and archaeology. Wherever you found Jim, you would also find Shirley - his pet crocodile that he carried on his back. When Jim and his friends were trapped in another dimension, he used his Eye of Orichalcum - a mystic item that saw the good and evil inside a person to uncover the darkness within Jaden's heart. Though he tried to defeat the Supreme King, he ultimately failed, so he entrusted Axel to save Jaden. After returning to Earth, he went back to South Academy.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Jim Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Jar  x3 
 Dissolverock  x2 
 Drooling Lizard  x3 
 Krokodilus  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x3 
 Stone Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Different Dimension Capsule 
 Invigoration 
 Molting Escape  x2 
 Traps 
 Earthshaker 
 Level 10 
 
 Going at Once Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Jar  x3 
 Krokodilus  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 2  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doki Doki 
 Spawn Alligator Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Canyon 
 Different Dimension Capsule 
 Miracle Dig 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Traps 
 Rock Bombardment 
 Release from Stone 
 Level 20 
 
 No Problem Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Minomushi Warrior  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x3 
 Stone Ghost  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doki Doki 
 Great Spirit 
 Seismic Crasher  x2 
 Spawn Alligator Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Fossil Fusion 
 Miracle Rupture 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Specimen Inspection 
 Wasteland 
 Traps 
 Release from Stone 
 Level 30 
 
 My Best Combo Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doki Doki  x2 
 Flint Cragger  x3 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Gigastone Omega 
 Goggle Golem  x2 
 Great Spirit 
 Seismic Crasher  x2 
 Spawn Alligator 
 Tackle Crusader Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgar 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy 
 Fossil Machine Skull Wagon 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Bone Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Fossil Fusion  x2 
 Miracle Rupture 
 Specimen Inspection 
 Time Stream 
 Traps 
 Release from Stone 
 Level 40 
 
 I Like It Here! Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Alligator 
 Flint Cragger  x2 
 Fossil Tusker  x2 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Gigastone Omega 
 Lion Alligator  x2 
 Revival Golem 
 Shell Knight 
 Tackle Crusader 
 Weathering Soldier Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgar 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy 
 Fossil Machine Skull Wagon 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Bone 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Knight Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Fossil Fusion  x2 
 Miracle Rupture 
 Specimen Inspection 
 Time Stream 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Release from Stone 
 Level 50 
 
 Eye of Orichalcum Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Flint Cragger 
 Fossil Tusker 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Gigastone Omega 
 Lion Alligator  x2 
 Revival Golem 
 Shell Knight  x2 
 Tackle Crusader 
 The Tyrant Neptune 
 Weathering Soldier  x2 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgar 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgios 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy 
 Fossil Machine Skull Wagon 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Bone 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Knight Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Fossil Fusion  x2 
 Miracle Rupture  x2 
 Time Stream 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Event 
 Skill: Golem Hole
 
 
 Fossil Fusion Monsters  (9) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant  x3 
 Shell Knight  x2 
 Tackle Crusader 
 Weathering Soldier  x3 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgar 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgios 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy 
 Fossil Machine Skull Wagon 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Bone 
 Fossil Warrior Skull King 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Knight Spells  (8) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dragged Down into the Grave 
 Fossil Fusion  x2 
 Miracle Rupture  x3 
 Specimen Inspection 
 Time Stream 
 Traps 
 Release from Stone 
 Treacherous Trap Hole  x2 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Jim, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Dark Alligator "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fossil Machine Skull Convoy "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Granmarg the Mega Monarch " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Flint Cragger "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Shell Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Lion Alligator " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fossil Tusker "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Wasteland "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Invigoration "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ancient Lizard Warrior "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Stone Dragon "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Krokodilus "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Specimen Inspection "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Jim)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Lost Guardian "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Jim)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Time Stream "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Fossil Dragon Skullgios "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Specimen Inspection "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Golem Hole (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Lost Guardian "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Time Stream "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Jim)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Fossil Dragon Skullgios "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Specimen Inspection "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Lost Guardian "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Time Stream "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Jim)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Fossil Dragon Skullgios "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Fossil Warriors
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Weathering Soldier", 1 "Gaia Plate the Earth Giant", and 1 "Fossil Fusion" to your Deck and 1 "Fossil Warrior Skull King", 1 "Fossil Warrior Skull Knight", and 1 "Fossil Warrior Skull Bone" to your Extra Deck. Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Send 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "Fossil Fusion" to your hand from your Deck or Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random EARTH monster in your deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Golem Hole
 
 Can be used on turn 2 and onward. Send 1 Level 8 EARTH Rock-Type monster that can be Normal Summoned or Normal Set from your hand to the Graveyard, and add 1 "Fossil Fusion" or 1 card with "Fossil Fusion" in its text from your Deck to your hand. During your opponent's next turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below:
 Your Deck contains at least 7 monsters and does not contain any monsters other than Rock-Type monsters. 
 Your Extra Deck contains at least 5 Fusion Monsters and does not contain any monsters other than "Fossil" Fusion Monsters. 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Earth Golem
 
 Can be used if you have at least 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard. One of the following effects will be applied:
 Send 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Gaia Plate the Earth Giant" from your Deck to your hand. 
 Send 2 Rock-Type monsters from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Gaia Plate the Earth Giant" from outside of your Deck to your hand. 
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fusion Excavation
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Send 1 Rock-Type monster to the Graveyard from your hand and add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or 1 "Fusion" Spell Card from your Graveyard to your hand. Then, you can change the added card to "Fossil Fusion". This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Geological Survey
 
 Look at up to 3 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in the same order. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Let's Go Shirley!
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. One of the following effects will be applied:
 One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Reptile-Type monster from your Deck. 
 Select 1 Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard and place it on top of your Deck. 
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Sacred Defense Barrier
 
 Send 1 Rock-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 " Sacred Defense Barrier " from outside of your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 4 or lower monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , he says "Jaden! Let's have a great duel, mate!" 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , he says "I've gotta be careful. Alexis has more bite than  Shirley !" 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 When starting a Duel with  Tyranno Hassleberry , he says "I'd love a fair-go! Dinos are some of my favorite creatures!" or "Sure, I'll duel ya'! After all, you and Shirley are cousins!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Great Duel, Hassleberry! I'm proud to have faced ya'!" 
 Supreme King Jaden 
 When starting a Duel with  Supreme King Jaden , he says "I have to defeat Jaden's dark half - The Supreme King!", "Don't give in. Darkness hasn't taken you yet!" or "I know you're trapped in there, but I'll set you free!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Jaden, come back to us!" or "C'mon, Jaden! You're stronger than the dark!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "The Supreme King is in complete control of Jaden's soul..." or "The shadows in Jaden's heart are stronger than I imagined!" 
 Axel Brodie 
 
 When tag partnered with  Axel Brodie , he says "Axel, it's your turn!" or "You can do this, Axel!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Warrior Skull King ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "I bring out Fossil Warrior Skull King!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Fossil Warrior Skull King" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Fossil Warrior Skull King" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Skull King's effect activates!" followed by "I discard a card to revive your monster to my field!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Skull King attacks!" followed by "King Swordplay!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Warrior Skull Knight ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Let's go, Fossil Warrior Skull Knight!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "When Skull Knight destroys a monster, it can attack again!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "I banish Skull Knight from the Graveyard to use its effect!" followed by "It destroys one monster on the field!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Skull Knight, attack!" followed by "Swiping Knight Slash!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Warrior Skull Bone ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Come on out, Fossil Warrior Skull Bone!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Skull Bone's effect activates from the Graveyard! I banish it to acquire Time Stream from my Deck!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Skull Bone, strike 'em down!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Machine Skull Convoy ", he says "This beaut has plenty of drive!" followed by "Fossil Machine Skull Convoy!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "When Skull Convoy destroys your monster, you take damage!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Skull Convoy! Pop it into first and attack!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Machine Skull Wagon ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Come here, Fossil Machine Skull Wagon!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "Skull Wagon's effect activates when it destroys a monster! You take damage!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "I banish Skull Wagon from my Graveyard to use its effect!" followed by "It destroys one Spell or Trap Card on the field!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Run 'em over, Skull Wagon!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Machine Skull Buggy ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "C'mon, Fossil Machine Skull Buggy!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "Skull Buggy's effect activates when it destroys a monster! You take effect damage!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "I activate Skull Buggy's effect from my Graveyard! I banish it to add a monster with Fossil Fusion in its text!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Skull Buggy, attack!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Dragon Skullgios ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Here's the one and only Fossil Dragon Skullgios!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "(Snap!) Skullgios' effect! It swaps your monster's ATK and DEF during this battle!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Skullgios!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Dragon Skullgar ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Rising from the depths of the earth!" followed by "Fossil Dragon Skullgar!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Skullgar's effect activates from the Graveyard!" followed by "I banish it to get Fossil Fusion from my Deck!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Skullgar!" 
 When Jim Summons " Gaia Plate the Earth Giant ", a cut-in frame of Jim briefly appears, and he says "Rise from the magma!" followed by "Gaia Plate the Earth Giant!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Gaia Plate cuts your monster's ATK and DEF in half!" followed by "Magma Mist!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Gaia Plate, shake 'em!" followed by "Plate Tempest!" 
 When Jim Summons " Flint Cragger ", a cut-in frame of Jim's face briefly appears, and he says "Flint Cragger!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "Flint Cragger's effect activates when it's Special Summoned!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "Flint Cragger's effect will knock some sense into ya'!" followed by "By sending this card to the Graveyard, you take damage!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Flint Cragger!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo ", a cut-in frame of Jim's face briefly appears, and he says "Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo's effect activates!" followed by "All Special Summoned monsters on the field are destroyed!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo!" followed by "Forehead Fossil Force!" 
 When Jim Summons " Fossil Tusker ", a cut-in frame of Jim's face briefly appears, and he says "Fossil Tusker!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "When Fossil Tusker destroys a monster, its effect activates!" followed by "You take damage!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Fossil Tusker attacks!" 
 When Jim Summons " Shell Knight ", a cut-in frame of Jim's face briefly appears, and he says "Shell Knight!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "Shell Knight's effect activates when its Summoned! Shell Burst Barrage!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "Shell Knight's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Shell Knight, attack!" 
 When Jim Summons " Weathering Soldier ", a cut-in frame of Jim's face briefly appears, and he says "Weathering Soldier!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "I activate Weathering Soldier's effect!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "Ah! Weathering Soldier loses ATK every End Phase!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Weathering Soldier! Wind Slash Attack!" 
 When Jim Summons " Dark Alligator ", he says "Dark Alligator!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Jim says "Tribute Summoning Dark Alligator activates its effect!"
 When he summons the " Alligator Token " by using this effect, he says "I Special Summon an Alligator Token!" 
 Most of the time when the Token attacks, he says "Attack, Alligator Token!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Jim says "Dark Alligator's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Dark Alligator, it's chow time!" 
 When Jim Summons " Spawn Alligator ", he says "Spawn Alligator!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Spawn Alligator's effect activates during the End Phase!" followed by "It revives one of the monsters used to Tribute Summon it!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Spawn Alligator, attack!" followed by "Spinning Eater!" 
 When Jim Summons " Lion Alligator ", he says "Lion Alligator!"
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Chomp 'em, Lion Alligator!" 
 When Jim Summons " Krokodilus ", he says "Krokodilus!"
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Krokodilus attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Jim activates " Fossil Fusion ", he says "I activate the Spell Card, Fossil Fusion!" or "I'll dig bones out of the earth and fuse them together! I activate my Spell Card, Fossil Fusion!" followed by "I dig up my monster and yours and combine them together!"
 When Jim activates the effect of that card, he says "I activate Fossil Fusion's effect from my Graveyard!" followed by "When a Fossil Fusion Monster is destroyed, I get this back!" 
 When Jim activates " Miracle Rupture ", he says "I activate my Spell Card, Miracle Rupture! I bury a Level 4 or lower Rock monster from my Deck!" 
 When Jim activates " Specimen Inspection ", he says "I activate my Spell Card, Specimen Inspection! It buries a monster that has the Type and Level I chose!" 
 When Jim activates " Time Stream ", he says "I activate my Spell Card, Time Stream!" followed by "It rewinds time to devolve this monster!"
 When Jim activates the effect of that card, he says "I activate Time Stream's effect from my Graveyard! I banish these cards to revive a Fossil Fusion Monster!" 
 When Jim activates " Release from Stone ", he says "I activate my Continuous Trap, Release from Stone!" followed by "It Special Summons a banished Rock monster!" 
 When Jim activates " Sakuretsu Armor ", he says "I activate my Trap Card, Sakuretsu Armor!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Jim Summons " The Tyrant Neptune ", he says "The Tyrant Neptune!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "Tribute Summoning The Tyrant Neptune activates its effect!" followed by "It gains the name and effects of the monster I Tributed!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "The Tyrant Neptune, attack!" followed by "Sickle of Ruin!" 
 When Jim Summons " Reptia Egg ", he says "Reptia Egg!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Jim says "I activate Reptia Egg's effect!" followed by "I can Special Summon up to 3 Reptile and Rock monsters!" 
 Most of the time, when Jim declares an attack with that monster, he says "Reptia Egg attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/JimCrocodileCook-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/331?cb=20220702213815', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Profile-DULI-JimCrocodileCook.png/revision/latest?cb=20220702213847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Icon-DULI-JimCrocodileCook.png/revision/latest?cb=20220702213906', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Icon-DULI-JimCrocodileCook2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220702213920', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/CutIn-DULI-JimCrocodileCook.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220702213932', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Summoning-DULI-JimCrocodileCook.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220702213944', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Defeat-DULI-JimCrocodileCook.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220702213957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters