Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_045


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 045 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya  smiles evily at  his enemies . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 相 克 と 相 生 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sōkoku to Sōjō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Antithesis and Synthesis 
 
 
 English 
 Obelisk Assault 
 
 
 Number 
 045 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 1, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 11, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 December 26, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 8, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Director 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidekazu Ebina 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Danger Zones " 
 " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 
 
 
 " Obelisk Assault ", known as " Antithesis and Synthesis " in the Japanese version, is the forty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 1, 2015 and in Australia on January 11, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on November 26, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 While  Shay  and  Sora  fight fiercely,  Yuya  witnessed with his very own eyes the  Knights of the Duel Disks  being sealed away into cards. Unable to contain his anger anymore, Yuya challenges the  Obelisk Force  Duelists. However, Yuya is cornered by the Obelisk Force's cowardly tactics, and gradually begins to lose himself... At that moment, a  magician  appears to guide Yuya.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Celina vs. Dennis McField 
 2.2   Shay Obsidian vs. Sora Perse 
 2.3   Yuya Sakaki vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green, and Yellow 
 2.4   Olga and Halil vs. Reed Pepper 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Poor  Nico Smiley  is doing his best to keep it together with the Volcano and Ancient Ruins feeds cut and the Iceberg Field devoid of action. Since they still have the feed, he puts up the Jungle Area, where  Reed  is Dueling  Halil  and  Olga .  Yoko  is appreciative of Reed having the spotlight, as are his (largely female adult) fans, but  Skip  isn't impressed, and neither are a large portion of the crowd. In her room,  Aura  is so unimpressed that she switches off the television, seeing little point in watching while " Darling " ("Duelmate" in the dub) isn't on. She tries to use her crystal apple to tell her how Yuya is doing, but then she decides instead to go in person.
 Halil and Olga both have 4000  LP  and their aces, " Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal " and " Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp " out, while Reed's field is filled with his " Cookpal " monsters; " Cookpal Cluckwheat ", " Cookpal Pumapotato ", " Cookpal Eggong ", " Cookpal Lionion " and " Cookpal Rabbitomato ." With 4000 LP and no cards in his hand, Reed suggests that now that they have all these ingredients, why don’t they have a voluminous Duel? He bows politely, asking his opponents to please make sure that they eat every bite.  Trout  shouts encouragement as he enjoys lunch under a tree, commenting that he's heard that Reed feeds his opponents until they collapse.  Gong  steps in his way, and Trout complains about him blocking the view. Gong suggests that Trout Duel him instead of just sitting around watching, and bets his " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend "  Pendulum Monster  in a Duel. But Trout refuses to Duel unless Gong brings five Pendulum Cards, and Gong roars that this is unforgivable (cut from the dub).  Ally  and  Tate  aren't impressed as they sit with drinks in the stands, and  Frederick  comments that it's so underhanded that it's giving him the shivers. Skip asks what's happening with Yuya (and Dennis in the dub) and  Zuzu .
 In the Volcano Area, both Zuzu and  Dennis  are shocked by  Celina 's resemblance to Zuzu, and Dennis looks between the two in confusion. Zuzu asks if Celina is  Lulu , but Celina ignores her, telling Dennis to face her. She tells Dennis that she knows that he's a  remnant of the Xyz forces . Both Zuzu and Dennis are shocked, and Dennis denies it. Celina tells him not to play dumb, and tells him that if he won't start, she will. She activates her  Duel Disk . Zuzu protests that they're currently in the middle of their Junior Youth Championship, but Dennis reassures Zuzu. Celina is clearly misunderstanding something, but adapting to situations like this is part of Dueltaining, isn't it? Zuzu asks if Dennis is even listening, but Dennis goes ahead and accepts the challenge (in the dub, he also calls her Zuzu #2), asking Zuzu to watch closely, as it's more fun when there’s an audience. Both Duelists yell "DUEL!"
 Celina declares her turn, activating the  Spell Card  " Polymerization " from her hand, much to Zuzu's shock. She  fuses  the " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " in her hand,  chanting  "Blue cat the prowls through the darkness! Butterfly with violet poison! Spiral into the moon's gravity and become a new power!  Fusion Summon ! Appear and come forth! Beautiful beast that dances in the Moonlight!  Lunalight Cat Dancer ! ((Dub) "By combining  the reflexes of a fierce feline  with  the fluttering fury of a night time huntress , I can create a new lunar legend! I Fusion Summon!  Lunalight Cat Dancer !")" "Cat Dancer" appears with 2400  ATK , causing a reaction in the  Leo Corporation  control room, many times greater than that caught in the Iceberg Area. Zuzu wonders why "Lulu" is using Fusion Summoning when she is from the Xyz Dimension, and wonders who Celina is. Celina Sets a card, ending her turn, and she tells Dennis to bring it.
 In the Ancient Ruins area, the  Obelisk Force  with a red jewel in his mask activates a  function  of his Duel Disk.  Carl  screams as purple light envelops him, and his form explodes into dust. The red-jeweled Obelisk Force removes  a card  from his Duel Disk and flaps it in the air before tossing it at the feet of  Ashley  and  Bram . The two Knights of the Duel Disks recoil in terror and Yuya, standing on top of a nearby pillar, is left in a speechless state of shock. Recoiling, Bram protests that this is against the rules. The Obelisk Force reply that this is completely within the rules; the defeated should be erased. As Ashley and Bram cry out in horror, Yuya weakly begs the Obelisk Force to stop, but they do not heed his words, and visions of the people of the  Xyz Dimension  flash across his memory as he continues to yell at the Obelisk Force to stop. Eventually, after  the   cards  of Ashley and Bram cross his vision, he finally snaps, arching back and screaming in pain as his eyes begin to glow and his hair begins to stand on end.
 The Obelisk Force head off to complete their mission, but Yuya orders them to wait as he walks up to them, his body emitting a dark aura. He snarls that he will not forgive them.
 In the nearby temple,  Shay  and  Sora  face off. Sora declares that he absolutely won't lose this time (in the dub, he says how sweet and delicious revenge could be), and both Duelists declare, "DUEL!" Sora goes first, Summoning " Edge Imp Tomahawk ". He proceeds to activate the effect of "Tomahawk", sending an " Edge Imp " monster in his hand to the  Graveyard  to inflict 800 damage to his opponent. He discards " Edge Imp Frightfuloid " and "Tomahawk" blasts four glowing axes at Shay, who jumps back to dodge them, though the shockwave pushes him to the edge of the area. Sora Sets a card and ends his turn. 
 Shay begins his turn, drawing and Summoning " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " from his hand. Then, since he controls a "Vanishing Lanius", he can  Special Summon  “ Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius ” from his hand. He overlays the two  Level 4 monsters , and chants, "Avian hunter of the afterlife! Seek the truth with your dark eyes and grasp glory with your sharp talons!  Xyz Summon ! Take flight!  Rank 4 !  Raidraptor - Force Strix ! (Dub) You thought you were hunting me, only to become the hunted! I Xyz Summon Raidraptor - Force Strix!")" "Force Strix" appears with 100  ATK , causing Sora to muse on Shay's strategy of using low-ATK  Xyz Monsters . Shay activates the effect of "Force Strix" – once per turn, by using an  Overlay Unit , he can add 1 Level 4  DARK   Winged Beast - Type  monster from his Deck to his hand. He adds another "Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius", and Sora notes that Shay is searching the cards that he wants from his Deck. Shay then activates the effect of the detached "Fuzzy Lanius", adding another copy of itself from his Deck to his hand. Then, using the effect of the first "Vanishing Lanius" that he Summoned that turn, he Special Summons the second from his hand, and since he controls "Vanishing Lanius", he can Special Summon the second "Fuzzy Lanius" from his hand. Then he reveals that the effect of "Force Strix" increases its ATK and  DEF  by 500 for each Winged Beast-Type monster that he controls. "Force Strix" increases to 1100 ATK. Sora scoffs at the low power-up, and he tells Shay that he'd better not be taking Sora lightly. Shay replies that he's always serious when he Duels, even if it's against a worthless opponent.
 Celina tells Dennis again to come and face her. Dennis smiles, and he declares that it’s the "showtime" that they’ve all been waiting for ("Something to tame your fiery spirit! It's time for your expectations to be extinguished!"), and he draws. He Summons " Performage Flame Eater " from his hand, and then since there are at least two monsters on the field, he can Special Summon " Performage Hat Tricker " from his hand. He blanches as he realizes what he's just done, and Zuzu and Celina both anticipate an Xyz Summon. Dennis winces, knowing that Celina will just get the wrong idea if he Xyz Summons, so instead, he asks them to excuse him for a moment, activating a card with a declaration of "Bathtime! One, two, three!" Bubbles surround his monsters, as Dennis explains that he activated the  Continuous Spell Card , " Bubble Barrier ", which will allow each of his " Performage " monsters with 1500 or less ATK to negate one attack directed at them per turn. He ends his turn, much to Zuzu's surprise and Celina's anger. Celina asks why Dennis won't Xyz Summon, and Dennis replies that it's because he isn't an Xyz remnant ("Xyz Fugitive" in the dub).
 Celina is furious, believing Dennis to be playing dumb, and she declares her turn and draws. She Summons another "Lunalight Blue Cat", and then she  Tributes  it to activate the effect of her "Cat Dancer"; it can attack every monster that Dennis controls this turn twice. "Cat Dancer"'s sashes glow blue and Dennis muses that here it comes. Celina declares her  Battle Phase , attacking "Flame Eater" with "Cat Dancer". "Cat Dancer" throws its daggers, popping the bubble surrounding "Flame Eater" as Dennis reminds her of the effect. Celina attacks "Flame Eater" again, and "Cat Dancer" lands a leaping kick that destroys "Flame Eater", reducing Dennis to 2800 LP. Next Celina attacks "Hat Tricker", "Cat Dancer" throwing its clasp, and Dennis negates the attack with the effect of "Bubble Barrier". Celina reminds him that she's going to attack "Hat Tricker" again, and she orders the " Full Moon Mayhem " attack of "Cat Dancer". "Cat Dancer" blasts an energy pulse that destroys "Hat Tricker" and blasts Dennis off his feet, while also causing Zuzu to shield herself from the backlash. Dennis's LP falls to 1500. Celina ends her turn, and Dennis comments that she's ruthless, isn't she? Zuzu is shocked at the strength of the attack, and then she realizes in shock that Celina may be from the Fusion Dimension.
 Yuya snarls that he will not forgive the Fusion Dimension or  Duel Academy . The Obelisk Force ask Yuya who he is, and the darkness surrounding Yuya fades as he steps forwards, asking the Obelisk Force why they've come to this world. The Obelisk Force reply that he doesn't need to know that. Yuya snarls that he won,t let them do as they please, and he orders them to Duel him. He activates his Duel Disk, an image of  Yuto  flickering over his body, and the Obelisk Force laugh, commenting that they'll teach him his place if he wants to know it that badly, and they activate their Duel Disks. All four Duelists yell, "DUEL!" 
 The Obelisk Force member with the red gem in his mask declares his turn and Summons " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", and then ends his turn. He tells the member with the green jewel in his mask to finish this up quick, and the green-jeweled member agrees. He draws, and then he Summons "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" as well, before attacking directly. Yuya gasps in surprise and flees, diving for an  Action Card . The green Obelisk Force asks if those are Action Cards, and tells Yuya that it's pointless, since he can't activate  Spell  or  Trap Cards  when "Hunting Hound" attacks. "Hunting Hound" leaps onto a pillar behind Yuya and strikes, dealing 1000 damage and knocking him forwards. Yuya's LP falls to 3000, and the green-jeweled Obelisk Force ends his turn. The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force declares his turn, drawing, then Summoning another "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" and attacking directly. Yuya falls forwards, his LP falling to 2000 as the Obelisk Force mock him for already being cornered, calling him a poor fool. The red-jeweled Obelisk Force holds up the cards containing the three Knights of the Duel Disks students, telling Yuya that his fate will be the same as theirs. The sight of the three cards sends Yuya into further rage, and he growls as he gets to his feet, remembering the sight of the sealing of the Knights of the Duel Disks, and of the people of the Xyz Dimension. An image of Yuto appears in his goggles, and then his  pendant  appears, swinging back and forth as Yuya and Yuto are shown walking, mirroring the other's movements. Their forms combine in a blinding light. 
 With a wild cry, Yuya gets to his feet and bares his chest. His pendant glowing, he declares his turn with a howl and draws, then he uses the Scale 3 " Xiangke Magician " and the Scale 8 " Xiangsheng Magician " to Set the  Pendulum Scale . As the new  Magicians  rise in their  Pendulum Zones , Yuya explains with a sneer that he can simultaneously Summon monsters from  Levels   4  to  7 . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether!  Pendulum Summon ! Appear now!" He Pendulum Summons " Performapal Whip Snake " and " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ", and the shocked Obelisk Force observe the Pendulum Summon. Yuya then  overlays  the Level 4 "Skeeter Skimmer" and "Whip Snake", and he chants, "Formed from pitch-black darkness, to fight those foolish enough to oppose it with its treacherous fangs! Descend now! Xyz Summon! Appear now!  Rank 4 !  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ! ((Dub) "Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective, I call upon the most dangerous of dragons! I Xyz Summon...  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon !")" The Obelisk Force are further shocked by the Pendulum Summon being used to fuel an Xyz Summon. Yuya declares battle, attacking the red-jeweled Obelisk Force's "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" with "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon"s" " Mauling Mandible Charge ". The monster is destroyed and the red-jeweled Obelisk Force blasted onto his back as his LP falls to 2500. Yuya ends his turn as "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" alights behind him.
 In the temple, Shay now controls three "Force Strix", all boosted to 1100 ATK; two with only one Overlay Unit and one with two. Sora observes that Shay controls three of the same Xyz Monster, and he irritably wonders how long Shay will keep going. Shay asks if Sora is annoyed after getting over the shock, and suggests that he pick up an Action Card. Sora replies that he doesn't need anything like that, and he licks a lollipop. Since Shay controls an Xyz Monster, he can Special Summon " Raidraptor - Singing Lanius " from his hand. He Special Summons two copies of "Singing Lanius" from his hand, and the presence of two more Winged Beast-Type monsters increases the ATK of all three "Force Strix" due to their effects, to 2100 ATK. Commenting that all the preparations are complete, Shay declares his Battle Phase, and all three "Force Strix" lunge for Sora. 
 At the Volcano Area, Celina mutters that she's never had a more boring Duel, and she tells Dennis to hurry up and finish so that she can go and search for the other Xyz remnant (in the dub, she mocks Dennis for making their Duel a circus). Dennis lightly comments that Celina sure is a scary one, and suggests that he can get serious for a bit. He declares his turn and draws – but he's drawn "Polymerization", and immediately goes white as Zuzu watches inquisitively. Sadly, Dennis hangs his head, admitting his loss, but regardless, he Sets a monster and a card. The act of desperation enrages Celina, who angrily asks if Dennis is underestimating her. Dennis protests that that's not it, but Celina tells him not to make excuses and she declares her turn and draws a card. She Summons " Lunalight White Rabbit " from her hand, and then she activates the effect of "White Rabbit", allowing her to return a Spell or  Trap Card  from the field to the hand. She returns Dennis's "Bubble Barrier" to his hand, and then she Tributes "White Rabbit" to activate the effect of "Cat Dancer", allowing it to attack all of Dennis's monsters twice. Declaring battle, she has "Cat Dancer" attack Dennis’s Set monster, which turns out to be " Performage Trick Clown ", but due to the effect of "Cat Dancer", "Trick Clown" is not destroyed, leaping to avoid the attack. Celina seizes the chance to activate her Trap Card, " Lunalight Dance ", which during the Battle Phase of a turn that she attacked with a " Lunalight " monster will change the battle positions of all monsters that Dennis controls and halve their ATK and DEF. Dennis gasps in shock as "Trick Clown" is strung up helplessly in the air, its ATK falling to 800. Drawing its daggers, "Cat Dancer" attacks again for the final blow. But Dennis smiles, preparing to snap his fingers and present a "Miracle Illusion". Before he can announce his move, he sees blurred shadows leaping in the background, distracting him long enough for the attack to hit, destroying "Trick Clown" and blasting Dennis off his feet, reducing his LP to zero.
 "Cat Dancer" dissolves, and Celina dismisses Dennis as a worthless opponent. Deactivating her Duel Disk, she walks towards Zuzu and Dennis, and as she does, the same shadows that Dennis saw leap to the ground behind her. Six of the Obelisk Force advance towards Celina and Zuzu, who is utterly confused by the events. In the  Leo Corporation  observation room,  Claude  reports that another squad has appeared in the Volcano Area.  Declan  orders the Youth Team to be sent there. Before the Obelisk Force can cross the bridge, a smoke bomb flies towards them, engulfing the area.  Sun Shadow  and  Moon Shadow  leap out of the smoke, carrying Celina and Zuzu respectively, and the Obelisk Force cough as the smoke clears, revealing the Senior Team, led by  Kev Ravenwood , who tells the Obelisk Force that they won't let them go any further. 
 
       Yuya 's state begins to unnerve the sadistic  Obelisk Force .     
 Aura looks around by a "KEEP OUT" barrier, musing that the whole city must be closed off for the Battle Royal, and she uses her crystal apple to scan the area for where Yuya is fighting. Back at the Ancient Ruins area, Yuya smiles nastily. The Obelisk Force wonder what is with Yuya (in the dub, he suggests they remove Yuya's smirk), and they order the red-jeweled member to finish Yuya off. The Obelisk Force draws, and then he Summons another "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" to replace his destroyed one. He sadistically activates the effect of "Hunting Hound", allowing him to inflict 600 damage once per turn when the opponent controls a monster. "Hunting Hound" blasts its "Hound Flame" attack from its mouth, knocking Yuya down and reducing his LP to 1400. But any celebrations are cut short when Yuya sits up unharmed, and the red-jeweled Obelisk Force ends his turn in fear. The green-jeweled Obelisk Force draws, and then he uses the "Hound Flame" effect as well, reducing Yuya to 800 LP. Once again, Yuya sits up and brushes his sleeve off without any reaction, and the green-jeweled Obelisk Force ends his turn. Meanwhile, Aura runs through the area, following her crystal apple, and she runs into Gong, asking where "Darling" is. They turn and gasp to see Yuya with "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" behind him facing off against the Obelisk Force, and utter his name (in the dub, Gong says not only did they find Yuya, but so did trouble). Yuya doesn't respond, instead he leans forward with a nightmarish grin.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Celina vs. Dennis McField 
       Celina vs. Dennis     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Celina 
 Celina   activates  " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " in her hand to  Fusion Summon  " Lunalight Cat Dancer " (2400/2000) in  Attack Position . Celina  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Dennis 
 Dennis   Normal Summons  " Performage Flame Eater " (1200/1600). As there are exactly two  monsters  on the  field , Dennis  Special Summons  " Performage Hat Tricker " (1100/1100) from his hand in Attack Position via its own  effect . Dennis activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Bubble Barrier ", which will allow every " Performage " and " Performapal " monster he  controls  with 1500 or less  ATK  to  negate  one  attack  per  turn .
 Turn 3: Celina 
Celina Normal Summons "Blue Cat" (1600/1200). Celina activates the effect of "Cat Dancer", letting her  Tribute  a " Lunalight " monster to allow it to attack each monster Dennis controls twice each this turn, but the attacked monsters cannot be  destroyed by battle  during the first attack on each of them. She Tributes "Blue Cat". "Cat Dancer" attacks "Flame Eater", with Dennis negating the attack with "Bubble Barrier". "Cat Dancer" attacks and  destroys  "Flame Eater" (Dennis: 4000 → 2800  LP ). "Cat Dancer" attacks "Hat Tricker", with Dennis negating the attack with "Bubble Barrier". "Cat Dancer" attacks and destroys "Hat Tricker" (Dennis: 2800 → 1500 LP).
 Turn 4: Dennis 
Dennis  draws  " Polymerization ". Dennis Sets a monster and a card.
 Turn 5: Celina 
Celina Normal Summons " Lunalight White Rabbit " (800/800). Celina activates the effect of "White Rabbit", letting her  return  a  Spell  or  Trap Card  on the field to the hand. She  targets  "Bubble Barrier". Celina activates the effect of "Cat Dancer", Tributing "White Rabbit" to let it attack each monster Dennis controls twice this turn, but the attacked monster cannot be destroyed by battle during the first attack. "Cat Dancer" attacks Dennis's Set " Performage Trick Clown " (1600/1200). As a "Lunalight" monster attacked, Celina activates her  face-down  " Lunalight Dance ", switching the  battle positions  of all monsters Dennis controls and decreasing their ATK and  DEF  by 800 ("Trick Clown" 1600 → 800). "Cat Dancer" attacks and destroys "Trick Clown" (Dennis: 1500 → 0 LP).
 
 Shay Obsidian vs. Sora Perse 
       The Revenge Match.     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Sora 
 Sora   Normal Summons  " Edge Imp Tomahawk " (1800/800). Sora  activates  its  effect , letting him  send  an " Edge Imp "  monster  from his hand to the  Graveyard  to inflict 800  damage . He sends " Edge Imp Frightfuloid " (Shay: 4000 → 3200 LP). Sora  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Shay 
 Shay  Normal Summons " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " (1300/1600). As he  controls  "Vanishing Lanius", Shay Special Summons " Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius " (500/1500) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Shay  overlays  his two  Level  4  Winged Beast - Type  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Force Strix " (100/2000) in Attack Position. Shay activates the effect of "Force Strix",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to  add  a Level 4  DARK  Winged Beast-Type monster from his  Deck  to his hand. He adds a second copy of "Vanishing Lanius". As "Fuzzy Lanius" was sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, letting Shay add another copy of "Fuzzy Lanius" from his Deck to his hand. As he Normal or Special Summoned a "Vanishing Lanius" this turn, Shay Special Summons "Vanishing Lanius" (1300/1600) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. [Notes 1]  As he controls a "Vanishing Lanius", Shay Special Summons "Fuzzy Lanius" (500/1500) from his hand in Attack Position. As he controls other Winged Beast-Type monsters, the effect of "Force Strix" increases its own ATK by 500 for each of them (100 → 1100).
 An unknown amount of time is skipped, but Shay now controls three copies of "Force Strix" (1100/2000 each) in Attack Position, two with one Overlay Unit remaining and one with two Overlay Units remaining. As he controls an  Xyz Monster , Shay Special Summons two copies of " Raidraptor - Singing Lanius " (100/1800 each) from his hand in  Defense Position  via their own effects ("Force Strixes": 1100 → 2100). Shay  declares  an  attack .
 Duel continues in episode 47 . 
 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green, and Yellow 
         Yuya vs. Obelisk Force     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 The members of  Obelisk Force  are not named, but are differentiated from one another here by the color of the gemstone on their masks.
 Turn 1: Red 
Red  Normal Summons  " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1000/1000).
 Turn 2: Green 
Green Normal Summons "Hunting Hound" (1000/1000). "Hunting Hound"  attacks   directly .  Yuya  finds an Action Card, but the effect of "Hunting Hound" prevents the opponent from  activating   Spell  and  Trap Cards  until the end of the  Damage Step , so Yuya cannot activate it. The attack continues (Yuya: 4000 → 3000 LP).
 Turn 3: Yellow 
Yellow Normal Summons "Hunting Hound" (1000/1000). "Hunting Hound" attacks directly (Yuya: 3000 → 2000 LP).
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya activates " Xiangke Magician " (   3) and " Xiangsheng Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Whip Snake " (1700/900) and " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer " (500/1600), both from his hand in  Attack Position . He then  overlays  his two  Level  4  monsters  to  Xyz Summon  " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " (2500/2000) in  Attack Position . "Dark Rebellion" attacks and  destroys  Red's "Hunting Hound" (Red: 4000 → 2500 LP).
 Turn 5: Red 
Red Normal Summons "Hunting Hound" (1000/1000). As his opponent  controls  a monster, he activates the effect of "Hunting Hound", inflicting 600  damage  (Yuya: 2000 → 1400 LP).
 Turn 6: Green 
As his opponent controls a monster, he activates the effect of "Hunting Hound", inflicting 600 damage (Yuya: 1400 → 800 LP).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Olga and Halil vs. Reed Pepper 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Several turns have been skipped.
 Olga  has 4000  LP  remaining, one card in her  hand  and  controls  " Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal " (2700/???) in  Attack Position .  Halil  has 4000 LP remaining, two cards in his hand and controls " Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp " (2400/2000) in Attack Position.  Reed  has 4000 LP remaining, no cards in his hand, and controls " Cookpal Cluckwheat " (100/400), " Cookpal Pumapotato " (600/300), " Cookpal Eggong " (0/300), " Cookpal Lionion " (200/1800) and " Cookpal Rabbitomato " (100/???) in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Blue Cat  x2 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly 
 Lunalight White Rabbit Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Lunalight Dance 
 
 Dennis McField Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performage Flame Eater 
 Performage Hat Tricker 
 Performage Trick Clown 
 Unknown monster [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Barrier 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Unknown Trap Card [Notes 2] 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Xiangke Magician 
 Xiangsheng Magician Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 
 Obelisk Force Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x4 Other   *  Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius  x2 
 Raidraptor - Singing Lanius  x2 
 Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Force Strix  x3 
 
 Sora Perse Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Frightfuloid 
 Edge Imp Tomahawk 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cookpal Cluckwheat 
 Cookpal Eggong 
 Cookpal Lionion 
 Cookpal Pumapotato 
 Cookpal Rabbitomato 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Glacial Beast Iceberg Narwhal 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight  (multiple) 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 L'assaut de la Garde Obelisk
 
 
  German 
 Obelisk greift an
 
 
  Italian 
 L'invasione
 
 
  Korean 
 상극과 상생
 
 
  Thai 
 ปฏิปักษ์และการรวมตัว
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written Japanese anime lore of " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " does not allow for the  Special Summon  of another copy after it has  left the field . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This card can be seen in  Dennis '  hand  after " Lunalight Cat Dancer " destroys " Performage Hat Tricker ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/ArcV_045.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150302074800', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/Yuya_Berserk_Mode_smile.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150320011632', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Serena_VS_Dennis.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150301164535', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Shun_VS_Sora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150301164547', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Yuya_VS_Obelisk_Force.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150301164610', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes