Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_167


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 恩返しデュエル！クロノスVS元祖ドロップアウト・ボーイ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Ongaeshi Dyueru! Kuronosu Basasu Kanzo Doroppuauto Bōi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy 
 
 
 Number 
 167 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 26, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " 
 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " 
 
 
 
 
 "Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy"  is the one hundred and sixty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on December 26, 2007.
 With graduation approaching,  Dr. Crowler  begins to revert to his old ways, and  Jaden   Duels  him to find out why.
 
 Summary 
 Hassleberry  and  Blair  have finished the graduation album photos and hand the  flash drive  containing them to  Dr. Crowler . He previews the photos, and privately seems upset that everyone is growing up and leaving  Duel Academy . Meanwhile,  Jaden  has been skipping classes again, and Hassleberry and Blair inform him that Crowler's manner has changed. He chastises the third year students, making them do tests in basic math to ensure they can calculate  Life Points , write  Chinese text  to understand  card effects , and even makes them do  push-ups . He then begins canceling classes, and the students begin to fear that they won't have sufficient grades to graduate if he keeps doing so.
 Crowler goes to great lengths to hide from his students, and this ultimately results in a chase across the Academy, even leading them through  Chancellor Sheppard 's office. They finally corner him, and he states he won't allow them to graduate. Jaden asks why, and Crowler reveals that Jaden himself does not have sufficient points to graduate and even calls him "drop-out boy", something he hadn't done in long time (This expression is changed to "Slifer Slacker" in the dub). Jaden challenges Crowler to a Duel, and the latter accepts, with him promising to allow everyone to graduate should Jaden defeat him. Jaden then mentions how he has not dueled Crowler since his  entrance exam  causing Crowler to tell Jaden that he has been miserable since then.
 Jaden Summons " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " in his first turn. Crowler expects this, and  removes from play  "Flame Wingman" using his " Unfinished Time Box "  Trap Card  when "Flame Wingman" destroys his " Ancient Gear Soldier ". He then successfully Summons 3 " Ancient Gear Golems " and reduces Jaden's  Life Points  to 200, thanks to their  Piercing  effects. Jaden comments that Crowler is a great teacher, and thanks him for showing him such an awesome combo. He strikes back using " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " and " Instant Neo Space ". At this point, Crowler breaks down crying, and reveals that he doesn't want the seniors to graduate as he will miss them. Many of the students even begin cheering for Crowler, telling him not to give up. Crowler unveils his most powerful monster - " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem ", with an attack of 4400. Despite being reduced 100 Life Points, Jaden still appears optimistic, and Crowler himself wishes to see how Jaden will turn the situation around and defeat him.
 Jaden shows him just that, by freeing his "Flame Wingman" from "Unfinished Time Box" with a combination of " Elemental Hero Air Neos " and " Cyclone Wing ". He activates " Demise of the Land ", which lets him activate " Skyscraper " in the middle of his  Battle Phase , and destroying Crowler's "Ancient Gear Golem" with "Elemental Hero Flame Wingman", winning this Duel the same way he won their  first Duel . Crowler comments that he's learned just as many things from his students as they've hopefully learned from him. He realizes that he need to move forward as a teacher, much like the graduates. With this, Crowler begins teaching classes again, but forces Jaden to do all the work he's missed in his skipped classes much to Jaden's displeasure.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Vellian Crowler 
 Turn 1: Crowler 
Crowler draws "Unfinished Time Box". He then  Normal Summons  " Ancient Gear Soldier " (1300/1300) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse " Elemental Hero Avian " with " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in  Attack Position . "Flame Wingman" attacks and destroys "Ancient Gear Soldier". Since "Flame Wingman" destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard, Crowler takes  damage  equal to his destroyed monster's  ATK  (Crowler 4000 → 2700). Crowler then activates his face-down " Unfinished Time Box " to  remove from play  "Flame Wingman" and draw one card (" Ancient Gear Golem "). Jaden Normal Summons " Elemental Hero Clayman " (800/2000) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 3: Crowler 
Crowler draws. He then activates " Crazy Summon Gear " to target "Clayman" and the "Ancient Gear Soldier" in his Graveyard and force Jaden to Special Summon two monsters from his Deck with the same type as "Clayman" while Crowler can Special Summon all monsters with the same name as the targeted monster in his Graveyard. Jaden Special Summons " Elemental Hero Sparkman " (1600/1400) in Attack Position and " Elemental Hero Wildheart " (1500/1600) in  Defense Position , while Crowler revives "Ancient Gear Soldier" (1300/1300) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position and Special Summons two more "Ancient Gear Soldiers" from his Deck in Attack Position.
 
       Crowler  with three " Ancient Gear Golems ".     
 Crowler then activates " Spell Gear " to send his three "Ancient Gear Soldiers" to the Graveyard and Special Summon two "Ancient Gear Golems" (3000/3000) from his  Deck  and one "Ancient Gear Golem from his  hand  in Attack Position, ignoring the  summoning conditions . The three "Ancient Gear Golems" attack and destroy "Clayman", "Wildheart", and "Sparkman". Two of the "Ancient Gear Golems" then inflict piercing damage to Jaden (Jaden 4000 → 3000 → 1600 → 200). Crowler sets a card.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Take Over Five " and subsequently activates it by sending the top five cards of his Deck (" Elemental Hero Necroshade ", " Elemental Hero Neos ", " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ", " Necro Gardna " and " Hero Signal ") to the Graveyard. While "Take Over Five" is in Jaden's Graveyard, he is immune to effects that send cards from his Deck to the Graveyard. Jaden then activates " Miracle Contact " to return "Elemental Hero Neos" and "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" from his Graveyard to his Deck and  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. 
 Jaden then activates " Instant Neo Space " and equips it to "Flare Neos". Now "Flare Neos" does not have to return to Jaden's Fusion Deck during the End Phase due to its own effect. Due to the effect of "Flare Neos", it gains 400 ATK for each Spell and Trap Card on the field and there are currently three ("Flare Neos": 2500 → 3700/2000). "Flare Neos" attacks and destroys one of Crowler's "Ancient Gear Golems" (Crowler 2700 → 2000).
 Turn 5: Crowler 
Crowler draws. He then activates " Ancient Gear Workshop " to return the "Ancient Gear Golem" in his Graveyard to his hand. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse the "Ancient Gear Golem" in his hand and the other 2 on his field together in order to  Fusion Summon  " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem " (4400/3400) in Attack Position. "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" attacks "Flare Neos", but Jaden removes from play "Necro Gardna" from his Graveyard via its own effect to  negate  the attack. 
 Crowler activates his face-down " Desperate Battle " to reduce the ATK of "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" by 1000 ("Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem": 4400 → 3400/3400) and allow it to attack again ("Flare Neos": 3700 → 3300/2000). "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" attacks and destroys "Flare Neos" (Jaden 200 → 100). The last effect of "Instant Neo Space" then activates, letting Jaden  Special Summon  "Elemental Hero Neos" (2500/2000) from his Deck in Attack Position. On Crowler's End Phase, the effect of "Desperate Battle" expires ("Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem": 3400 → 4400/3400).
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws "Demise of the Land". During Jaden's  Standby Phase , he removes from play "Take Over Five" from his Graveyard in order to draw a card (" Fifth Hope "). He then activates "Fifth Hope" to return "Avian", "Burstinatrix", "Sparkman", "Clayman" and "Wildheart" from his Graveyard to his Deck and draw two cards (" Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird " and "Cyclone Wing"). 
 Jaden then Normal Summons "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" (800/600) in Attack Position. He then Contact Fuses "Neos" with "Air Hummingbird" in order to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Air Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Since Jaden's  Life Points  are lower than Crowler's, "Air Neos" gains  ATK  equal to the difference due to its own effect ("Elemental HERO Air Neos": 2500 → 4400/2000). Jaden then activates " Cyclone Wing " and equips it to "Air Neos". Now when "Air Neos" attacks, one  Spell / Trap  on the opponent's side of the field can be destroyed. 
 "Air Neos" attacks "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem". Jaden activates the effect of "Cyclone Wing" to destroy "Unfinished Time Box". The final effect of "Unfinished Time Box" then activates, returning "Elemental Hero Flame Wingman" (2100/1200) to Jaden's side of the field in Attack Position. "Air Neos" and "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" then destroy each other in a  Double KO . Crowler then activates the final effect of "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" to Special Summon "Ancient Gear Golem" (3000/3000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position, ignoring the Summoning conditions. 
 Jaden activates " Demise of the Land " to activate " Skyscraper " from his Deck. Now if an Elemental Hero attacks, if its ATK is lower than that of the attack target, it will gain 1000 ATK during damage calculation only. "Flame Wingman" attacks "Ancient Gear Golem". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Flame Wingman": 2100 → 3100/1200). "Flame Wingman" destroys "Ancient Gear Golem" (Crowler 2000 → 1900). The effect of "Flame Wingman" activates (Crowler 1900 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Necroshade 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart 
 Necro Gardna 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Air Neos 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 Elemental Hero Flare Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyclone Wing 
 Demise of the Land 
 Fifth Hope 
 Instant Neo Space 
 Miracle Contact 
 Polymerization 
 Skyscraper 
 Take Over Five 
 Traps 
 Hero Signal 
 
 Vellian Crowler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Golem  x3 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Crazy Summon Gear 
 Polymerization 
 Spell Gear 
 Traps 
 Desperate Battle 
 Unfinished Time Box 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Golem Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Jaden_talks_to_Crowler_after_winning_their_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141223184141', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/3AncientGearGolems_Crowler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20161204193933']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes