Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:DarkMokuba.png

For the manga version of this character, see  Mokuba Kaiba (manga) .      
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Nicknames 
 Mokie (by Seto when they were kids) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 海 馬  モクバ 海馬 モクバ かいば モクバ Rōmaji: ( Kaiba Mokuba ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 모크바 
 
 
 Arabic   
 موكوبا كايبا 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 July 7 [1] [2] 
 
 
 Height 
 142 cm (4'8 ) [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 28 kg (62 lbs) [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 O [1] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Chocolate Parfait [1] [2] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Celery [1] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unknown parents (deceased) Seto Kaiba  (older brother) Gozaburo Kaiba  (adoptive father; deceased) Noah Kaiba  (adoptive brother; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Vice president of Kaiba Corp [2] 
 
 
 Organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 It's Mokuba! 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 20: " Come Out!! The Strongest and Final Trump Card " Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 1: " The Heart of the Cards "  (second series anime) 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Tara Sands  (Episodes 1-184) (DsoD) Carrie Keranen  (Episodes 185-224) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Junko Takeuchi 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Iman Bitar 
 
 
 German  
 Ricardo Richter (season 1-5, The Dark Side of Dimensions) Diana Borgwardt (child) Constantin von Jascheroff (ep. 140-144) Hannes Maurer (Pyramid of Light) 
 
 
 Korean  
 Kwak Gyumi [3] 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Mário Bomba (S1-S4) Susana João (S5-S7) (Portugal)Gabriel Noya (Brazil)Thiago Longo (Yu-Gi-Oh!, 2nd Voice) (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Chelo Molina 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Katherine Masilungan 
 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba  ( 海 馬  モクバ  Kaiba Mokuba ) is a recurring  Yu-Gi-Oh!  character. He is  Seto Kaiba 's younger brother and the only person Kaiba ever shows any love or affection to.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Personality 
 3   Biography 
 
 3.1   History 
 3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 3.2.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 3.2.2   Legendary Heroes 
 3.2.3   Battle City 
 3.2.4   Virtual World 
 3.2.5   Battle City finals 
 3.2.6   Waking the Dragons 
 3.2.7   Grand Championship 
 3.2.8   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 3.3   Pyramid of Light 
 3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck 
 
 5.1   Anime 
 5.2   Video games 
 
 5.2.1   Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 5.2.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 5.2.2.1   Deck Recipe 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6   Gaming items 
 
 6.1   Capsule Monster Chess pieces 
 
 
 7   Duels 
 8   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Mokuba has tan skin with grayish-purple eyes and long black hair. In the flashback, Mokuba was seen wearing a greenish-blue longsleeve sweatshirt, black shorts, white socks, and black dress shoes. In the present, he wore a white and orange-striped open-collared shirt with a red sweatshirt over it, a light blue bandana around his neck, light blueish-green jeans, and light blue/black sneakers. Occasionally, Mokuba puts up his bandana like a mask and wears a purple hat to hide his identity. During the events of Battle City, Mokuba wears a green blue-striped shirt with a yellow vest over it, dark blue jeans, and blue sneakers.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , Mokuba was given a redesign, wearing a white business suit and having his long hair chopped off.
 
 Personality 
           Mokuba Kaiba linework     
 At the beginning of  the manga , Mokuba was very mean and would go as far as trying to trick  Yugi Mutou  to get back at him for defeating his older brother,  Seto Kaiba . Mokuba is a gamer who specializes in  Capsule Monster Chess  ( Capmon ), but is not as good of a gamer as his brother. He is so committed to avenging his brother's humiliation, he uses several extreme measures, such as having his friends brandish a machine gun, a knife, and a stun gun in one manga chapter to coerce Yugi to play Capsule Monster Chess with him. 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  anime , Mokuba is eternally devoted to his brother  Seto Kaiba  and is constantly by his side. He is more naive and good-natured, and will do whatever his brother tells him to. Indeed, Mokuba is perhaps the source of his brother's more human and positive traits, and Mokuba has acknowledged that to everyone else Kaiba can seem like an unpleasant person to be around but Mokuba recognizes the good in his brother and looks past Kaiba's flaws. He also seems to trust  Yugi  and his friends more than he did previously. There is a part in one episode when he saw Yami Yugi watching him from another building when he was about to kick some brothers out of the  Battle City  grounds, when he considered, "You know, I bet Yugi would give them another chance!", which shows that he must really respect Yugi, as he starts to want to think and be like him.
 In the original Japanese version of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga, Mokuba tends to omit honorifics when referring to people other than his older brother, a habit which he shares with Kaiba. Mokuba politely refers to his older brother as "nii-sama" (honorable older brother) and he is very forgiving, especially towards Kaiba. Even after Noah hypnotized him, and brainwashed him into forgetting who Kaiba and the others were, Mokuba forgave him and treated him like a brother (they are actually stepbrothers). 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  anime, Mokuba is a kind-hearted boy who is naive to the ways of the world. He succeeds in befriending Yugi and his friends; his brother does not approve of this. Mokuba does not Duel in the first series anime. He only Duels in the second series and manga. Mokuba has an unlucky streak of being kidnapped by Kaiba's enemies forcing Kaiba to show his kinder side and rescue him. Mokuba is the only person his brother is shown to consistently care about, despite Mokuba snapping at him once.
 
 Biography 
 
 This section  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 History 
           Seto and Mokuba playing  chess  at the  orphanage .     
 At a young age, Mokuba and  Seto  were  orphaned . Their actual surnames are unknown. Their mother died when Mokuba was born, and their father supposedly died in an accident when Seto was eight. Their relatives used up their inheritance and left them at the city orphanage.
 Seto was bright and intelligent, which led to many prospective parents wanting to adopt him, but Seto swore to protect his brother at all costs, and wanted Mokuba adopted with him, which all had refused. Whenever bullies would pick on Mokuba, Seto would always stick up for him, including jumping a child to get back a toy train that he had taken from Mokuba. 
 Although Mokuba was insistently happy at the orphanage, Seto had always aspired greater things for both of them and looked to the future.
 When the former head of  Kaiba Corporation ,  Gozaburo Kaiba , arrived at the orphanage to perform a publicity stunt, Seto saw the chance to for him and Mokuba to leave the orphanage together, so he challenged Gozaburo to a game of chess and won, with that Gozaburo forced to adopt Seto and Mokuba. Mokuba was five at the time. Seto won by studying Gozaburo's chess methods.
 Six years later, Seto took over the company. In the second series anime, it showed that he had used Mokuba to do so. Seto planned gaining 51% of the company in order to overthrow Gozaburo. Seto deliberately leaked this information to Gozaburo and accused Mokuba of telling Gozaburo. Mokuba sided with Gozaburo, who allowed Seto to gain 49% of the company, believing that Mokuba would give him his 2%. Gozaburo was fond of making his enemies think they were winning against him so they would look worse when he beat them, which Seto based his plan around. As Seto planned, Mokuba switched sides last minute giving his 2% to Seto. Mokuba stated that he would never go against his elder brother.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
             
 Mokuba was originally imprisoned by  Pegasus  on a high tower in  Duelist Kingdom , in order to force  Seto Kaiba  to come and Duel Pegasus to rescue Mokuba (in the Japanese version, he wants the card Kaiba gave Mokuba that is the key to the facility that has the secret documents needed to take over KaibaCorp). However, Mokuba escapes from the tower by a rope of knotted bedsheets, which only go a small way down the tower. After a rather nasty fall, Mokuba steals a boy's Deck and his star chips, leaving him to be kicked off the island.  Yugi  and his friends find the boy and promise to help him. They go back to the scene of the crime. Mokuba jumps out of the bushes and challenges Yugi to a Duel. The only cards he played were " Man-Eating Plant " and " Krokodilus ". Mokuba's identity then gets found out, and he explains that after Yugi beat Kaiba in a Duel, his brother had gone away and abandoned him, and that it was all Yugi's fault. Mokuba reappears in Yugi's stand and tries to steal his star chips to disqualify him in revenge. Yugi gets Mokuba to see the truth that Kaiba is looking for new perspectives as a duelist & a person after freed of the evil that influenced him. Accepting Yugi as his friend, they vowed to protect the Kaiba brothers from Pegasus as they reach to save the kid from leaving the island in time. But they were too late. All they succeed in doing is getting Mokuba captured again. Yugi agrees to Duel for his freedom, and wins. But  Kemo , takes Mokuba anyway, and locks him in a dungeon. 
 
             
 Kaiba reaches him, and just as he is about to free Mokuba, Pegasus shows up and steals Mokuba's soul, forcing  Seto  to Duel Yugi in a largely unfair match with Mokuba's soul on the line. In desperation, Kaiba backs away to stand at the castle's edge, telling Yugi he will die with his dragons, implying that if he couldn't save Mokuba, his life wasn't worth living. (In the dub, Kaiba backed on to the ledge, knowing Yugi wouldn't attack him and let him get hurt, therefore letting Kaiba win the match). Not wanting to see Kaiba die, Yugi allows him to win the Duel, only to see Kaiba lose his soul to Pegasus after Téa won Yugi the right to enter into the main castle. Mokuba and Kaiba have their souls restored shortly after Yugi defeats Pegasus.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Seto  and Mokuba come back from  Duelist Kingdom  and go back to  KaibaCorp . Kaiba goes straight to the Big Five to get revenge on them for what they did to him and Mokuba. They manage to convince him that they did what they did to help Kaiba, not hurt him. To prove this, they tell him that they have finished the virtual world simulator that they had been working on. Kaiba, who became very eager to test it out, decided to wait to fire them after he tested the simulator. Mokuba was very against it, but Kaiba decided to do it anyway. While inside, it became very apparent to Kaiba that the Big Five had rewired the simulator as he was caught by the Armed Ninja. 
 Mokuba, realizing it was a trap, swiped Kaiba's Deck from the chair and ran to get help. He recruited  Yugi  and his friends to help him. They went to Kaiba's personal lab for more chair simulators to get into the virtual world. Mokuba, Yugi, and  Joey  entered the world while  Tea  and  Tristan  stayed behind to stand guard.
 
             
 When inside, they first enter a graveyard where they run into 3 monsters. Mokuba shows Yugi and Joey how to summon a monster. They then run into a fairy named Earu, that leads that to an old town. In there, Yugi suggests they split up to look around the town for clues about Kaiba. An old lady told Mokuba that she saw someone with a prisoner going towards a mountain and the only way to get there was to cross a large desert.
 They tried crossing the desert that’s after the town but get hit by a twister. They all end up back at the town with Mokuba shaken from the twister. An old man tells them that to cross the desert they need a special monster, a Niwatori card. In order to get it they must enter a tournament and win against the champion, Madame Butterfly. Joey goes up against the champ using the name Senor Porky. The champion turns out to be Mai, then she realized it’s Joey. She decided to help them out by getting the card by force and the running for it. While crossing the desert, they ran into a monster but Joey got rid of it. 
 
             
 When they finally reached the temple after the desert Mokuba runs towards it, desperate to see his brother again. when everyone catches up to him they open a door inside the temple and see a maze. they soon hear a girl scream, making Joey run to help her. However, they are all ambushed by labyrinth tanks and only manage to escape thanks to Yugi using Magical Hats. they then see Iru again and it led them to a princess named Adina, who looks exactly like Mokuba (except a girl). They then find the exit but it is blocked by a Gate Gaurdian. Yugi and Joey defeat it using Polymerization on Red-Eyes Black Dragon and the Summoned Skull and then adding Dragon Nails. 
 Adina, thankful that they had saved her, took them to her castle where they discussed the Heroes of Legend. Soon, however, the castle is surrounded by monsters. One of them captures Mokuba, who was dressed up like Princess Adina and then taken to the castle in the sky, to where Kaiba is. 
 Upon meeting his brother, Mokuba set him free and gave back his Deck. Kaiba disapproved of Mokuba asking Yugi for help and wasn’t thankful to Yugi, Joey, or Mai. Unfortunately, the Big Five decide to make the Mythic Dragon appear even though there were no sacrifices. The dragons first target is the person who doesn’t have any monsters to defend himself with: Mokuba. Joey, however, ordered his Red-Eyes Black Dragon to take the hit therefore losing the game and disappearing. Then Mai gets hit and is taken. Yugi tries to convince Kaiba work with him by summoning his Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon but Kaiba refuses. The Mythic Dragon goes to attack Kaiba, but Mokuba, the only one realizing that the attack was for Kaiba, pushed him out of the way in an act of selflessness, leaving him devastated. 
 In the end, Kaiba and Yugi worked together and defeated the Mythic Dragon. Afterwards, Adina turns out to be the Mystical Elf, and brought back Joey, Mai, and Mokuba. Reunited at last, everyone left the virtual world.
 
 Battle City 
 During the  Battle City  tournament, Mokuba is the Battle City commissioner, calling violations and penalties when needed. While his brother Duels, Mokuba wanders around town. The first violation he sees is performed by the Roba brothers. While the eldest, Espa dueled, his brothers used binoculars to see his opponent's hand. Mokuba tackles Espa's brother, and is about to throw Espa out when the younger Robas tell Mokuba about how their big brother protects them from bullies by winning Duels. This reminds Mokuba of his relationship with Kaiba, and he does not disqualify the Robas, commenting that big brother stories get him every time. 
 
             
 As Mokuba walks away, he is ambushed by Rare Hunters and kidnapped. He is tied up and dangled from a helicopter, which flies over his brother's head. The Rare Hunters make Kaiba Duel with Yugi against infamous tag team Duelists  Lumis  and  Umbra . The loser of the Duel would plummet to their death (In the dub they would be sent to the  Shadow Realm ). While they Duel, Mokuba is taken to a warehouse, and locked up there with  Téa . Together, they construct a tower of boxes, and Mokuba manages to escape, but Téa was captured again. Mokuba was ordered to go find Yugi and Kaiba. Mokuba took a helicopter to pick them up. They later find Joey was brainwashed and Yugi Duels Joey to set him free from Marik and the two friends narrowly survive.
 
 Virtual World 
 During the Virtual World arc, Mokuba and  Seto  are taunted by  Noah  as he showed them images from their past. Later on, Nezbitt, disguised as Tristan, kidnaps Mokuba where he is held captive by Noah while Kaiba faces Leichter. After Kaiba wins the Duel against Leichter,  Noah  brainwashed Mokuba, who forgot who Kaiba and his friends are, in an attempt to split them up. In the Duel between Kaiba and Noah, Kaiba was about to win the Duel when Noah used Mokuba as a shield by putting him between Noah and Noah's monster, so that Mokuba would be harmed by the attack should Kaiba choose to do so. Kaiba was unable to bring himself to harm his last living family member, allowing Noah to get the lead in the Duel. Eventually Kaiba manged to break through to Mokuba using his " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card, and when Mokuba ran away from Noah Kaiba activates Last Turn. Kaiba picked Blue-Eyes White Dragon, and Noah chose his Deck Master which held the second Deck Master: Shinato, causing Kaiba to lose the Duel. Mokuba ran to his brother after he lost but unfortunately, Noah turned them both to stone before they could be reunited. After Noah's defeat against Yami Yugi, Noah tried to "help" the gang to escape from the Virtual World after Gozaburo reveals his plans. However, Noah tricked all of them so that he could escape using Mokuba's body. However, after a change of heart, Noah came back to the Virtual World to stop his father from taking Kaiba's body. Then Mokuba, Kaiba and Yugi left the Virtual World before it exploded.
 
 Battle City finals 
 Again, Mokuba continues to be a supporting character. He sadly watched Kaiba Duel and lose to the Pharaoh. He's also present when Kaiba and Joey have their Duel and witnessed Joey putting up a good fight, but ultimately Kaiba wins.  He also questioned his brother's emotions as well and convinced him to be there when Yami Yugi faced Yami Marik in the finals.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Mokuba is a supporting character through this arc. He was with  Kaiba  during his Duels with Alister and is present during Kaiba and Yami's Duel with  Dartz . Mokuba spoke with Kaiba after the first Duel with Alister concerning his hatred towards Gozaburo and Kaiba. Once Kaiba loses to Dartz, Mokuba is rendered in tears with his brother's soul taken.
 
 Grand Championship 
 Mokuba is again a supporting character, having the duties of inviting and helping  Yugi  and his friends through the whole championship. He was also the one who allowed  Yugi's grandpa  to secretly enter the Grand Championship to test Joey to see how far he had gotten.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 Yami Bakura  sent Mokuba's soul to the  Shadow Realm  to get Kaiba to come to Egypt and he wasn't seen again until he noticed  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  in the sky, where he and Roland tracked Kaiba to Egypt. Mokuba watched Yugi defeat the Pharaoh and escaped from the falling building where Yugi and the Pharaoh dueled.
 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Mokuba was supporting his elder brother, helping with the preparations for his Duel against Yugi. He was also tasked with bringing Yugi to the arena in the first place. It should be noted that he was one of the few people who noticed the change in Kaiba's behavior and was genuinely worried about him.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Mokuba was shown during  Jaden 's flashback of one  KaibaCorp  card illustration project. [4] 
 
 Other appearances 
 Mokuba Kaiba (manga) Mokuba Kaiba (Toei) Mokuba Kaiba ( Duel Links ) Mokuba Kaiba ( Millennium Duels ) 
 Deck 
 Anime 
 Mokuba was not seen using his own Deck in the anime and manga series. The only known cards in the stolen Deck were " Krokodilus " and " Man-Eating Plant ". During the  Legendary Heroes  arc, he used  his brother's Deck  until Kaiba was freed.
 
 Video games 
 In the video games, he would play with an animal themed Deck. Some of his  Magic  and  Trap Cards  involve kid-themed items, reflecting his naive nature.
 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel , he used to play a Deck with only monsters and " Polymerization ", and always plays his monsters in  Attack Position . He also has " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " as well.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark King of the Abyss 
 Dimensional Warrior 
 Golgoil 
 Kanan the Swordmistress  x3 
 Kattapillar 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Living Vase 
 Madjinn Gunn 
 Mountain Warrior 
 Mystical Elf 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 The 13th Grave 
 Trial of Nightmare 
 Turtle Tiger 
 unspecified monsters x16 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber-Stein 
 Giant Rat 
 Kuriboh 
 Morphing Jar #2 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Time Wizard Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Heavy Storm 
 Raigeki 
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 It's Mokuba! (Version 1) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Big Koala 
 Dark Rabbit  x2 
 Griffore  x3 
 Krokodilus  x2 
 Oscillo Hero #2  x2 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Ryu-Ran 
 Toon Alligator  x2 
 Torike  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Des Koala  x3 
 Penguin Soldier Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Back to Square One  x2 
 Beast Fangs  x2 
 Forest  x2 
 Mooyan Curry  x2 
 Stray Lambs  x2 
 The Big March of Animals  x2 
 Tribute Doll 
 Traps 
 Adhesion Trap Hole 
 Fiend Comedian  x2 
 House of Adhesive Tape 
 Taunt 
 Token Feastevil 
 
 It's Mokuba! (Version 2) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Big Koala 
 Dark Rabbit  x2 
 Griffore  x3 
 Krokodilus  x2 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Ryu-Ran 
 Toon Alligator  x2 
 Torike  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Copycat 
 Des Koala  x3 
 Penguin Soldier  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Back to Square One  x2 
 Forest  x2 
 Graceful Charity 
 Pot of Greed 
 Red Medicine  x2 
 Scapegoat 
 Stray Lambs 
 The Big March of Animals  x2 
 Tribute Doll 
 Traps 
 Adhesion Trap Hole 
 Fiend Comedian  x2 
 House of Adhesive Tape 
 Taunt 
 Token Feastevil 
 Deck Recipe 
 
 Go Mokuba Go! Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Big Koala 
 Dark Rabbit  x2 
 Griffore  x3 
 Krokodilus  x2 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Ryu-Ran 
 Toon Alligator  x2 
 Torike  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Copycat 
 Des Koala  x3 
 Penguin Soldier  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Back to Square One  x2 
 Forest  x2 
 Graceful Charity 
 Pot of Greed 
 Red Medicine  x2 
 Scapegoat 
 Stray Lambs 
 The Big March of Animals  x2 
 Tribute Doll 
 Traps 
 Adhesion Trap Hole 
 Fiend Comedian  x2 
 House of Adhesive Tape 
 Taunt 
 Token Feastevil 
 Gaming items 
 Capsule Monster Chess pieces 
 The first time Mokuba faced Yugi, he used the following  Capsule Monster Chess  pieces:
 
 Head Sucker 
 Gumbo 
 Cobrada 
 Dinosaur Wing 
 The Skull 
 When he faced Yugi in  Death-T , he used the following:
 
 Megaton 
 Nama Hargen 
 Big Foot 
 Zoid "M" 
 Armorsaurus 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Yugi Muto 
 8 
 No result
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth : Mokuba Kaiba's profile 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   
 "Character" . 4K Media Inc.. July 7, 2015 .  http://www.yugioh.com/characters/mokuba-kaiba . 
 
 ↑   http://movie.naver.com/movie/bi/mi/detail.nhn?code=150117 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 62: " A Greater Porpoise " 
 
 
 v e 
 Mokuba Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/Mokuba_Kaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170129132519', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/Mokuba_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20070619171653', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/DMx100_Seto_and_Mokuba_play_chess.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091019143729', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Mokuba_Yu-Gi-Oh_008.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141117231617', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Kaiba_Mokuba_Yu-Gi-Oh_041.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141118000926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Mokuba-Yugi_Yu-Gi-Oh_043.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20141117233201', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Mokuba_Kaiba_Yu-Gi-Oh_045.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141117232601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Mokuba_Yu-Gi-Oh_070.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141117233947', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Mokuba_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20120707234955', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/DarkMokuba.png/revision/latest?cb=20070124151431', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/MokubaKaiba-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/88?cb=20171001200858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/MokubaKaibaMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/136?cb=20190602123613', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Articles needing cleanup, Mokuba Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters