Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Six_Samurai


 
 Six Samurai 
 六武衆 「 ろくぶしゅう 」  ( Roku Bushū ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Irou ", " Nisashi ", " Yaichi ", " Kamon ", " Yariza " and " Zanji " in the artwork of " Six Samurai United ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Six Warmen 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Six Samouraïs 
 
 
 German 
 Sechs Samurai 
 
 
 Italian 
 Sei Samurai 
 
 
 Korean 
 여섯 무사 ?? 武士   (Hanja)   Yeoseon Musa   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Seis Samurai 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Seis Samuráis 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Strike of Neos Force of the Breaker Gladiator's Assault The Duelist Genesis Crimson Crisis Storm of Ragnarok Extreme Victory 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Strike of Neos Sneak Peek Participation Card Hobby League 5 participation card E Phantom Darkness Gold Series Champion Pack: Game Eight Gold Series 2009 Turbo Pack: Booster One Stardust Overdrive Storm of Ragnarok: Special Edition Turbo Pack: Booster Five Duelist League 3 participation cards Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack Samurai Assault Ra Yellow Mega Pack Duelist Edition Volume 2 Duel Terminal 6b Battle Pack Tournament prize cards Ra Yellow Mega Pack: Special Edition Samurai Warlords Structure Deck Astral Pack One Super Starter: V for Victory Super Starter: Space-Time Showdown Spirit Warriors OTS Tournament Pack 6 OTS Tournament Pack 12 Chaos Impact Special Edition Duel Overload Maximum Gold: El Dorado 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Strike of Neos: Vendor Edition Jump Festa 2008 promotional cards Extra Pack Extra Pack Volume 2 Extra Pack Volume 3 Duel Terminal - Xyz Startup!! Duelist Edition Volume 1 Extra Pack 2012 Starter Deck 2013 Starter Deck 2014 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave Tournament Pack 2017 Vol.3 Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors V Jump October 2017 promotional card LINK VRAINS Pack 2 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.1 Spring Battle 2011 promotional cards National Championship 2011 (Korean) Precious Pack Volume 2 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.2 Advanced Event Pack 2018 Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.13 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Six Samurai ", known as " Six Warmen " ( 六 武 衆   Roku Bushū ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  Warrior   monsters  that debuted in  Strike of Neos , with further support included in  Gladiator's Assault ,  Storm of Ragnarok ,  Extreme Victory  and  Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors . This archetype revolves around swarming the field in an attempt to gain advantage over the opponent.  
 The archetype also receives implicit support from the " Shien " archetype as well as various monsters, Spells and Traps from the main "Six Samurai" series. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   History 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Recommended cards 
 
 4.1   Standard Deck 
 4.2   Six Samurai Xyz 
 
 
 5   Advantages 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 The overall theme of "Six Samurai" is a futuristic feudal Japan setting, combined with supernatural elements. 
 Another common theme is there are different monsters belonging to a different Attribute for each reincarnation of "Six Samurai": "The Six Samurai", " Legendary Six Samurai " and the recent " Secret Six Samurai ".
 The crest of "Secret Six Samurai" features kunai-like details, a reference to the Kagemusha.
 
 History 
 The original Six Samurai monsters debuted in  Strike of Neos  and
depended on having another "Six Samurai" on the field to activate their effects. They also all shared the effect of  "If this card would be destroyed you can destroy another "Six Samurai" monster you control instead" . 
 Storm of Ragnarok  introduces the " Legendary Six Samurai " series, providing further support for the original Six, as well as support for summoning their own  Synchro Monster , " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En ".
 Deck Build Pack: Spirit Warriors  introduces the new " Secret Six Samurai " sub-archetype, as well as the first "Six Samurai"  Fusion Monster , " Secret Six Samurai - Rihan ". These Six Samurai have various effects focused on banished Six Samurai monsters, as well as banishing themselves to protect Six Samurai monsters on the field.
 
 Playing style 
 "Six Samurai" were radically altered by the release of  Storm of Ragnarok . With the release of the " Legendary Six Samurai ", their strategy has shifted very rapidly from one of a normal  Aggro  Deck to a low monster search based Aggro  Deck .
 The addition of " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En " is one of the major factors that has shaped the change, with his ability to negate a Spell or Trap card once per turn, allowing the Deck to extend farther than most other  Metagame  Decks without fear. Legendary Shi En is easy and quick to Summon, using " Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki " and " Kagemusha of the Six Samurai " (searchable by " Shien's Smoke Signal ", " Reinforcement of the Army ", and " Gateway of the Six ") or by using " Elder of the Six Samurai " and " Asceticism of the Six Samurai " to Special Summon " Kagemusha of the Six Samurai ", with a high DEF to reliably stay in play, he is now the key card of "Six Samurai" Decks. 
 In addition to " Shi En ", " Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan " has also had a major effect on the play style of the Six Samurai. The ease with which he can be Special Summoned and searched has greatly increased the speed of the Deck and allowed it to use fewer monsters. He can either be Normal or Special Summoned, and, in the presence of two or more other "Six Samurai" monsters, gains 300 ATK/DEF bringing him to 2100 ATK.
 Since the release of  Storm of Ragnarok , "Six Samurais" have run far fewer monsters than they used to. The reason for this is their access to large numbers of search cards. They may use " Shien's Smoke Signal " and " Reinforcement of the Army " to boost their effective monster count.
 The "Six Samurai" have access to amazing draw power in the form of " Six Samurai United ". It is effectively a +1 when used, and the Bushido Counters it generates can be used for " Gateway of the Six ". Bushido Counters are collected by Summoning "Six Samurai" monsters. In addition to " Six Samurai United ", a popular option is to run " Upstart Goblin " to boost the Deck's consistency, using the argument that if they manage to get their field properly set up, the extra Life Points will not matter anyway.
 The fact that the "Six Samurai" are all Warrior monsters gives them access to " Rivalry of Warlords " in their Side Deck; a card that can cripple many different Decks.
 
 Recommended cards 
 Standard Deck 
 
 Standard Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Chamberlain of the Six Samurai 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elder of the Six Samurai 
 Grandmaster of the Six Samurai 
 Hand of the Six Samurai 
 Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai 
 Secret Six Samurai - Doji 
 Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume 
 Secret Six Samurai - Kizaru 
 The Six Samurai - Irou 
 The Six Samurai - Kamon 
 The Six Samurai - Yaichi 
 The Six Samurai - Zanji 
 Shien's Daredevil 
 Tuner monsters 
 Kagemusha of the Six Samurai 
 Secret Six Samurai - Fuma 
 Secret Six Samurai - Genba 
 Shien's Squire Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Secret Six Samurai - Rihan 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Crimson Blader 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Link Monsters 
 Battle Shogun of the Six Samurai 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Asceticism of the Six Samurai 
 Cunning of the Six Samurai 
 Gateway of the Six 
 Secret Skills of the Six Samurai 
 Shien's Dojo 
 Shien's Smoke Signal 
 Six Samurai United 
 Temple of the Six 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Unexpected Dai 
 Traps 
 Double-Edged Sword Technique 
 Musakani Magatama 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Return of the Six Samurai 
 Six Style - Dual Wield 
 Swiftstrike Armor 
 Six Samurai Xyz 
 This Deck relies on Summoning Xyz Monsters by swarming the field with  Level  3 monsters. The most key card of this Deck is " Double-Edge Sword Technique ", though cards that can prevent you from touching your Graveyard can kill this Deck as well as cards that prevent you from Special Summoning.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Grandmaster of the Six Samurai 
 Kagemusha of the Six Samurai 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Comics Hero King Arthur 
 Heroic Champion - Excalibur 
 Heroic Champion - Gandiva 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Photon Papilloperative 
 Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien 
 Wind-Up Zenmaines Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cunning of the Six Samurai 
 Gateway of the Six 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Shien's Castle of Mist 
 Shien's Smoke Signal 
 Six Samurai United 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Double-Edged Sword Technique 
 Musakani Magatama 
 Xyz Reflect 
 Xyz Tribalrivals 
 Advantages 
 Usually, a well-played "Six Samurai" Deck poses a big threat to Decks that rely on a few powerful Spell and/or Trap cards to function. It can lock down, or at least greatly stall, them in the early game and keep its' own field untouchable. Decks like  Elemental HEROs  can be completely locked down by " Naturia Beast " and " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En " as key spells like " E - Emergency Call " and " Miracle Fusion " become unusable. The same can be said about  Dark World  decks, which rely on many different discarding Spells.
 If Six Samurai remove most of the opponent's cards and gain enough card advantage, it's almost impossible for the opponent to come back, due to the fact that most of the cards he can draw will be simply negated by "Shi En", "Musakani Magatama" and/or the "Naturia" Synchro Monsters.
 "Six Samurai" can have excellent consistency in the early game, and may have the answer to anything that the opponent does throughout an entire Duel. Due to their versatility, they can adapt to almost any format.
 
 Weaknesses 
 Loss of Hand Advantage 
  "Six Samurai" require cards on the field and/or hand to get anything from their  Draw Phase . The less cards they have, the more problematic it becomes for them to get good draws. If you make them waste or remove their cards, they will have much difficulty making a comeback. 
 Negation of Special Summoning and Prevention of Summoning 
  The "Six Samurai", much like " Blackwings ", require  field  presence to properly swarm. Any card that prevents them from doing so for a  turn  slows them down greatly. Past this, " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En " and " Musakani Magatama " largely solve this problem. Because of their varied attributes, " Gozen Match " can create problems for "The Six Samurai". This problem can be solved by  negating  or  destroying  the card with "Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En" or " Mystical Space Typhoon ". Cards that prevent Special Summoning, such as " Archlord Kristya " and " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " also greatly weaken this Deck. This can be solved by adding " Breakthrough Skill " and/or " Fiendish Chain " to negate their effects.
 Mass Destruction  "The Six Samurai" are also particularly vulnerable to cards that clear monsters out  en masse , such as " Torrential Tribute ", " Dark Hole " and " Black Rose Dragon ". Cards like " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En " and " Musakani Magatama " help to alleviate this problem. By switching a "Six Samurai" monster into  Defense Position  prior to attacking with another monster, you can minimize the damage taken by cards similar to " Mirror Force ". Since "Mirror Force" only destroys  Attack Position  monsters, your "Six Samurai" monsters being destroyed can use the ones in Defense as substitues. " Backs to the Wall " is good in this situation, however, as you can fill your field right back up. If you can combo it with " Six Strike - Triple Impact ", you can wipe out most or all of their spell/traps or monsters, depending on their status. (" Six Strike - Triple Impact " makes you choose between clearing face up monsters, and face-up or set spells & traps). Bringing out a " Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai " and a " Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho " can enable you to clear another card of choice, with Shinai letting you bring out another copy of a samurai that " Backs to the Wall " couldn't.
 Effect Negation 
  "The Six Samurai's are currently a very effect-reliant archetype. Without its effect, " Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki " is as useless as " Chamberlain of the Six Samurai ". The most threatening effect to be negated, however, is that of " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En ". The negation of the effect of " Shi En " makes the Samurai player open to previously non-threatening Spell and Trap Cards, and allows a player locked down by " Shi En " to attempt a comeback. The common method used to negate "Samurai" monster's effects is simply " Effect Veiler ", as it is the most effective monster effect-based negation (Spells and Traps are usually negated by " Shi En "). " Debunk " takes care of this problem and also helps against the commonly sided " Puppet Plant ", although it is advised to only use this card in the Side Deck. Cards such as " Skill Drain " should be handled with effective side Deck cards, such as " Mystical Space Typhoon ," " Twister ," and " Dust Tornado ". " Breakthrough Skill " can be a problematic card, although it can be negated by  Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En  when activated on the field. It  can be used against  Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En  while in the Graveyard, however.
 Being Overpowered 
  Due to the fact that most "Six Samurai" have low to mid level ATK, being overpowered by an opponent's monsters poses a risk to most "Six Samurai" Decks. Since the boom of "Chaos Dragon" Deck types with the release of the  Dragons Collide Structure Deck , this is even more of a relevant weakness. " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " can easily put a stop to many Deck strategies with the "Six Samurai". Keep one or two copies of " The Six Samurai - Zanji " to deal with it. Another, although not commonly used, remedy to help with this can be " Solidarity ", since all "Six Samurai" are Warrior; although this can present a problem with too many non-Warrior Type, Synchro Monsters, due to "Solidaritys' effect being stopped by different types of monsters in the Graveyard. Also, "The A. Forces" can help as well, especially since it is included with the recent "Samurai Warlords" structure Deck. Despite the fact that "The A. Forces" doesn't give as big of an initial boost as "Solidarity", it carries the potential to out perform with five monsters active, as they would all be granted a 1,000 ATK point increase each. In addition, this weakness was largely solved with the release of the, easy to summon, " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ".
 Common Counters  
Probably the biggest problem for "Six Samurai" is a  LIGHT   Fairy  based Decks - With "Archlord Kristya", "Gozen Match" (sometimes even in their Main Deck nowadays), " Herald of Orange Light " and high ATK monsters.
 Monsters, that can, without destroying, remove monsters from the field are a big threat to Six Samurai strategy, since "Naturia" Synchro Monsters are usually kept at one of each in the Extra Deck.  Chaos  Monsters, like " Dark End Dragon " etc., can easily overpower this Deck. Additionally, " Penguin Soldier " can bounce two monsters to the owner's hand, posing a threat to most of the Six Samurai and their Synchro/Xyz Monsters, so Six Samurai players should keep some quick monster removal and/or effect negation to respond to these cards.
 Mermail \ Atlantean  mixes, because of their power to constantly destroy cards on the field without using Spells and Traps, as well as their spell\trap negation, they are a big problem for "Six Samurais'. A good choice would be to wait for them to go off and then overpower them. In a second game, " Soul Drain " and\or " Dimensional Fissure " will help you even more against these troublesome decks, because of the abilities of the "Six Samurai" to already protect against cards like " Mystical Space Typhoon ".
 The Six Samurai should also be cautious against " Gravekeeper's " Decks. Cards like " Gravekeeper's Descendant " and " Gravekeeper's Guard " can mean trouble for just about any Deck." Necrovalley " can also negate the effect of " Grandmaster of the Six Samurai " if it is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, although, he can still target and return himself.
 
 Trivia 
 Each Six Samurai has a different attribute, and those with polar attributes have opposite effects.  Yaichi's  opposite is  Kamon ,  Nisashi's  is  Yariza , and  Irou's  is  Zanji .
 Yaichi destroys face-down Spell/Trap cards, and Kamon destroys face-up Spell/Trap cards. 
 Nisashi can attack twice and potentially destroy multiple monsters, while Yariza bypasses monsters entirely to attack directly. 
 Irou's effect can take down monsters before they become a threat, and Zanji's effect can take out an already active threat. 
 The Legendary Six Samurai have similar interactions between opposing attributes:
 " Shi En " takes care of Spells and Traps, while " Enishi " gets rid of monsters once per turn. Both effects can be activated during either player's turn. 
 " Kizan " can Summon itself if you have a different "Six Samurai" monster, while " Kageki " Summons another "Six Samurai" when Normal Summoned. 
 " Mizuho " requires "Six Samurai" to be Tributed to activate its effect that destroys cards. On the other hand, " Shinai " need to  be  tributed to get a "Six Samurai" from the Graveyard (also, you can Special Summon one while controlling the other). 
 Most card artworks featuring the Six Samurai and their supporting cards contain a heraldic crest/coat of arms (紋章 - monshō or 家紋 - kamon) representing the Six Samurai. The crest is composed of a bolded outer-circle and an inner-circle. The inner-circle contains six smaller dotted circles which are connected to each other (in a specific path) and 6 other irregular shapes that are likely to represent the initial Six Samurai. To date, the only Six Samurai related cards that  do not  feature the Six Samurai crest are " Great Shogun Shien ", " Tenkabito Shien ", " Shien's Footsoldier ", " Shien's Daredevil ", and " Shien's Castle of Mist ". However, it appears that if you look at the art in some of the Shien cards that Shien and Elder have an alternate symbol between them, as evident in " Tenkabito Shien ", " Shien's Advisor ", " Elder of the Six Samurai ", and even " Shien's Smoke Signal ". 
 The name of the archetype and the design of their members, including the " Shien " archetype, may be derived from the Japanese films  Seven Samurai  (1954) and  Kagemusha  (1980), both by  Akira Kurosawa . 
 v e 
 Six Samurai  cards 
   
" Six Samurai " 「 六 武 衆 」 Members 
 Battle Shogun of the Six Samurai Chamberlain of the Six Samurai Elder of the Six Samurai Grandmaster of the Six Samurai Hand of the Six Samurai Kagemusha of the Six Samurai Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai Secret Six Samurai - Doji Secret Six Samurai - Fuma Secret Six Samurai - Genba Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume Secret Six Samurai - Kizaru Secret Six Samurai - Rihan Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien The Six Samurai - Irou The Six Samurai - Kamon The Six Samurai - Nisashi The Six Samurai - Yaichi The Six Samurai - Yariza The Six Samurai - Zanji Spirit of the Six Samurai 
 Asceticism of the Six Samurai Cunning of the Six Samurai Return of the Six Samurai Secret Skills of the Six Samurai Six Samurai United 
 Support 
 Battle Shogun of the Six Samurai Enishi, Shien's Chancellor Grandmaster of the Six Samurai Great Shogun Shien Hand of the Six Samurai Kagemusha of the Six Samurai Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai Secret Six Samurai - Doji Secret Six Samurai - Fuma Secret Six Samurai - Genba Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume Secret Six Samurai - Kizaru Secret Six Samurai - Rihan Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien Shien's Advisor Shien's Footsoldier Shien's Squire The Six Samurai - Irou The Six Samurai - Kamon The Six Samurai - Nisashi The Six Samurai - Yaichi The Six Samurai - Yariza The Six Samurai - Zanji Spirit of the Six Samurai 
 Asceticism of the Six Samurai Backs to the Wall Breakthrough! Cunning of the Six Samurai Double-Edged Sword Technique Gateway of the Six Legendary Ebon Steed Musakani Magatama Return of the Six Samurai Secret Skills of the Six Samurai Shien's Castle of Mist Shien's Dojo Shien's Scheme Shien's Smoke Signal Six Samurai United Six Scrolls of the Samurai The Six Shinobi Six Strike - Triple Impact Six Style - Dual Wield Swift Samurai Storm! Swiftstrike Armor Temple of the Six 
 Anti-support 
 Cunning of the Six Samurai Gateway of the Six Shien's Dojo Six Samurai United 
 Related 
 Shien's Daredevil Tenkabito Shien 
 Six Strike - Thunder Blast 
 
 v e 
" Six Samurai " 「 六 武 衆 」 a   Members 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Support 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 
   
 Legendary Six Samurai   真 六 武 衆 Members 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai 
 Related 
 Chamberlain of the Six Samurai Enishi, Shien's Chancellor Grandmaster of the Six Samurai Great Shogun Shien Hand of the Six Samurai Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien Spirit of the Six Samurai 
 
   
" Secret Six Samurai " 「 影 六 武 衆 」 Members 
 Secret Six Samurai - Doji Secret Six Samurai - Fuma Secret Six Samurai - Genba Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume Secret Six Samurai - Kizaru Secret Six Samurai - Rihan 
 Support 
 Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai 
 Related 
 Shadow of the Six Samurai - Shien 
 Secret Skills of the Six Samurai The Six Shinobi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Six Attributes 
 
 This box:  view edit 
 DARK    
 EARTH   
 FIRE    
 LIGHT   
 WATER   
 WIND    
 
 
 /Assault Modes 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  /  Colossal Fighter 
 Hyper Psychic Blaster  /  T.G. Halberd Cannon 
 Doomkaiser Dragon 
 Arcanite Magician 
 n/a 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 @Ignisters    Base forms   Evolved forms 
 Doyon     Dark Templar 
 Doshin     Earth Golem 
 Achichi     Fire Phoenix 
 Pikari     Light Dragon 
 Hiyari     Water Leviathan 
 Bururu     Wind Pegasus 
 
 
 Alchemy Beasts    Summoners     (Normal Spell Cards) 
 Moonface the Silver     Silver Key 
 Leon the Lead     Lead Compass 
 Salamandra the Steel     Steel Lamp 
 Ouroboros the Bronze     Bronze Scale 
 Ekenas the Mercury     Mercury Hourglass 
 Aretos the Tin     Tin Spell Circle 
 
 
 Aliens 
 Overlord  /  Mother  /  Psychic 
 Shocktrooper  /  Infiltrator  /  Warrior 
 Mars  /  Telepath 
 Ammonite  /  Dog  /  Grey  /  Kid  /  Shocktrooper M-Frame 
 Hunter  /  Hypno 
 Skull 
 
 
 Altergeists 
 Primebanshee  /  Multifaker  /  Kidolga  /  Fifinellag  /  Dragvirion  /  Memorygant  /  Pookuery 
 Kunquery 
 Hexstia 
 Marionetter 
 Meluseek  /  Fijialert 
 Silquitous  /  Pixiel 
 
 
 Aromages 
 Marjoram 
 Cananga 
 Bergamot 
 Jasmine 
 Rosemary 
 Laurel 
 
 
 Attribute Boosters   (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Link Monsters    (500 ATK▲/500 DEF▲)    Field Spells    (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Equip Spells    (400 ATK▲/200 DEF▼) 
 Witch's Apprentice     Wee Witch's Apprentice     Mystic Plasma Zone     Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Milus Radiant     Missus Radiant     Gaia Power     Invigoration 
 Little Chimera     Duelittle Chimera     Molten Destruction     Burning Spear 
 Hoshiningen     Hip Hoshiningen     Luminous Spark     Elf's Light 
 Star Boy     Mistar Boy     Umiiruka     Steel Shell 
 Bladefly     Greatfly     Rising Air Current     Gust Fan 
 
 
 Attribute Knights 
 Armageddon 
 Dust 
 Brushfire 
 Dawn 
 Shore 
 Altitude 
 
 
 Attribute Reptiles 
 Umbral Soul 
 Raging Earth 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Radiant Spirit 
 Silent Abyss 
 Destruction Cyclone 
 
 
 Attribute Sorcerers    (4/1500/0/Spellcasters) 
 Dark 
 n/a 
 Fire 
 Light 
 Aqua 
 n/a 
 
 
 Attribute Spirits 
 Luna the Dark Spirit 
 The Rock Spirit 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Diana the Light Spirit 
 Aqua Spirit 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 
 
 Attribute Summoners 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Giant Rat 
 UFO Turtle 
 Shining Angel 
 Mother Grizzly 
 Flying Kamakiri #1 
 
 
 B.E.S. 
 Big Core 
 Covered Core  /  Blaster Cannon Core 
 Big Core MK-2 
 Big Core MK-3 
 Crystal Core 
 Tetran 
 
 
 Barrier Statues 
 Abyss 
 Drought 
 Inferno 
 Heavens 
 Torrent 
 Stormwinds 
 
 
 Beast Gear World 
 Catapult Devilkong 
 Motor Wolf  /  Trike Fox  /  King Convoy Ligeon 
 Buggy Dog 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Gyro Jackal 
 
 
 Charmers     Familiar-Possessed     Cataclysmic Charmers     Spiritual Arts    Familiar   Possessed Familiars 
 Dharc     Dharc     n/a     Greed     Meda Bat     n/a 
 Aussa     Aussa     Avalanching Aussa     Kurogane     Marmot     Nefarious 
 Hiita     Hiita     Blazing Hiita     Kurenai     Fox Fire     Inari Fire 
 Lyna     Lyna     n/a     Hijiri     Happy Lover     n/a 
 Eria     Eria     Raging Eria     Aoi     Gigobyte     Jigabyte 
 Wynn     Wynn     Storming Wynn     Miyabi     Petit Dragon     Ranryu 
 
 
 Chrysalis     Neo-Spacians    Evolved forms   Contact Fusions   Evolved forms   Advanced Contact Fusions 
 Pantail     Dark Panther     n/a     Dark Neos     n/a     Chaos Neos 
 Mole     Grand Mole     n/a     Grand Neos     n/a     Nebula Neos 
 Larva     Flare Scarab     n/a     Flare Neos     n/a     Magma Neos 
 Pinny     Glow Moss     Twinkle Moss     Glow Neos     n/a     Cosmo Neos 
 Dolphin     Aqua Dolphin     Marine Dolphin     Aqua Neos     Marine Neos     n/a 
 Chicky     Air Hummingbird     n/a     Air Neos     n/a     Storm Neos 
 
 
 Code Talkers      (Link-3) 
 Decode    ( Extended ) 
 Transcode 
 Powercode 
 Encode 
 Shootingcode 
 Excode 
 
 
 Color Ninjas    Dragon Ninjas 
 Strike     Black 
 Senior Silver     n/a 
 n/a     Red 
 White     White 
 n/a     Blue 
 Yellow     Yellow 
 
 
 Cubic 
 Vijam  /  Crimson Nova  ( Trinity ) 
 Dark Garnex 
 Blade Garoodia 
 Duza  /  Buster Gundil  /  Indiora Doom Volt 
 n/a 
 Geira Guile 
 
 
 CXyz 
 Dark Fairy Cheer Girl  /  Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral 
 Comics Hero Legend Arthur  /  Battleship Cherry Blossom  /  Zubaba Saikyo General 
 Coach Lord Ultimatrainer 
 Simon the Great Moral Leader  /  Barian Hope 
 N.As.Ch. Knight 
 Skypalace Babylon 
 
 
 Dice Roll  Archfiends 
 Terrorking  /  Masterking 
 Vilepawn 
 Infernalqueen 
 Desrook 
 Darkbishop 
 Shadowknight 
 
 
 Double Tributers     Effigies 
 Double Coston     Dark 
 The Trojan Horse     Earth 
 Flame Ruler     n/a 
 Kaiser Sea Horse     Light 
 Unshaven Angler     n/a 
 Whirlwind Prodigy     Wind 
 
 
 Dragonmaids    Human forms   Dragon forms 
 Chamber     n/a 
 Nurse     Ernus 
 Kitchen     Tinkhec 
 House     Sheou 
 Laundry     Nudyarl 
 Parlor     Lorpar 
 
 
 Dustons     (1/0/1000/Fiends) 
 Star 
 Yellow 
 Red 
 House  /  White 
 Blue 
 Green 
 
 
 Elemental HERO    Fusion Monsters    (1 "HERO" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Escuridao 
 Gaia 
 Nova Master 
 The Shining 
 Absolute Zero 
 Great Tornado 
 
 
 Elemental Lords     Elementsabers 
 Umbramirage     Molehu 
 Grandsoil     Aina 
 Pyrorex     Malo 
 Phosphorage     Lapauila  ( Mana ) 
 Moulinglacia     Nalu 
 Windrose     Makani 
 
 
 Empowered Warriors     Summoners 
 Dragonox     n/a 
 Terratiger     White Tiger 
 Arnis     Red Sparrow 
 Dragodies     Golden Dragon 
 Hydrortoise      Green Turtle 
 Ventdra     Blue Dragon 
 
 
 Endymion 
 Master Magician  /  Mighty Master of Magic 
 Magister 
 Rogue 
 Crusader  /  Reflection 
 Magistus of Mastery 
 Servant 
 
 
 Entities 
 Azathot 
 Nyarla 
 Cthugua 
 N'tss 
 Norden 
 Hastorr 
 
 
 Fortune Fairies     Fortune Ladies 
 Ann     Dark  /  Past 
 Chee     Earth 
 En     Fire 
 Hikari     Light  /  Every 
 Swee     Water 
 Hu     Wind 
 
 
 Fur Hire 
 Seal  /  Folgo 
 Beat  /  Dyna 
 Bravo 
 Rafale 
 Helmer  /  Wiz 
 Donpa  /  Recon  /  Sagitta 
 
 
 Generaiders 
 Hela  /  Harr 
 Dovelgus  /  Jormungandr 
 Naglfar  /  Loptr 
 Mardel  /  Utgarda 
 Nidhogg 
 Frodi 
 
 
 Gizmek 
 Orochi 
 Uka 
 Kaku 
 Yata 
 Okami 
 Mikoto 
 
 
 Guardians    Weapons     (Equip Spell Cards) 
 Baou  /  Dreadscythe     Wicked-Breaking Flamberge  /  Reaper Scythe 
 Grarl     Gravity Axe 
 Ceal     Shooting Star Bow 
 Tryce     Twin Swords of Flashing Light 
 Kay'est     Rod of Silence 
 Elma  /  Eatos     Buttefly Dagger  /  Celestial Sword 
 
 
 Invoked     (1 " Aleister the Invoker " + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Caliga 
 Magellanica 
 Purgatrio 
 Mechaba 
 Cocytus 
 Raidjin 
 
 
 Kaiju 
 Radian 
 Kumongous 
 Dogoran 
 Jizukiru  /  Mecha-Dogoran  /  Thunder King  /  Mecha-Thunder-King 
 Gameciel 
 Gadarla 
 
 
 Knightmare 
 Iblee  /  Unicorn  /  Orcust  /  Idlee 
 Cerberus 
 Phoenix 
 Gryphon 
 Mermaid 
 Goblin 
 
 
 Legendary Planets 
 Sun  /  Jupiter  /  Saturn  /  Pluto 
 Terra Firma 
 Mars 
 Venus  /  Uranus 
 Mercury  /  Neptune 
 n/a 
 
 
 Masked HEROes 
 Dark Law  /  Anki 
 Dian 
 Goka 
 Koga 
 Vapor  /  Acid 
 Divine Wind  /  Blast 
 
 
 Magician Girls 
 ( Toon )    Dark    ( Dragon Knight ) 
 Berry 
 Apple 
 Lemon 
 Chocolate 
 Kiwi 
 
 
 Magikey 
 Clavkiys  /  Batosbuster  /  Ansyalabolas 
 Garesglasser 
 Transfurlmine 
 Mafteal 
 Vepartu 
 Andrabime 
 
 
 Magistus 
 Grimoire Crowley 
 Goddess Ninaruru 
 Flame Zoroa  /  Dragon Vafram 
 Verre Cendrillon  /  Maiden Artemis 
 Master Endymion 
 Saint Aiwass 
 
 
 Mirror Force 
 Dark 
 Quaking 
 Blazing 
 Radiant 
 Drowning 
 Storming 
 
 
 Monarchs    Mega Monarchs   Related  "Monarch"  Spell/Trap Cards    Vassals 
 Caius  /  Erebus     Caius the Mega     Tenacity  /  The First     Lucius  /  Eidos 
 Granmarg     Granmarg the Mega     Return     Landrobe  /  Samsara Kaiser 
 Thestalos     Thestalos the Mega     Erupt     Berlineth 
 Zaborg  /  Ehther     Zaborg the Mega     Strike  /  The Prime     Mithra  /  Edea 
 Mobius     Mobius the Mega     Awaken     Escher 
 Raiza     Raiza the Mega     Stormforth     Garum 
 
 
 Musical  Djinns 
 Maestroke 
 Temtempo 
 n/a 
 Melomelody 
 Humhumming 
 Muzurhythm 
 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers 
 Djinn Buster 
 Lion Heart  /  Ronin Raccoon Sandayu 
 n/a 
 Sky Pegasus  /  Dragluon 
 Abyss Splash  /  Crystalzero 
 n/a 
 
 
 Nemeses 
 Protos 
 Keystone 
 Flag 
 Eschatos 
 Umbrella 
 Corridor 
 
 
 Number 10X     Number C10X 
 n/a     Umbral Horror Masquerade 
 Giant Hand     Giant Red Hand 
 Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus     Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus 
 Star Seraph Sentry  /  Masquerade  /  Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon     Archfiend Seraph  /  Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 
 Silent Honor ARK  /  Ragnazero     Silent Honor DARK  /  Ragnafinity 
 n/a     n/a 
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dragons 
 Odd-Eyes  /  Pendulum  /  Rebellion  ( Overlord ) /  Persona  /  Phantom  /  Mirage  /  Performapal Metal Claw  /  Raging  /  Supreme King  /  Wing  /  Venom  /  Arc Pendulum  /  Advance  /  Wizard 
 Gravity 
 Meteorburst 
 Saber  /  Lancer  /  Revolution  /  Pendulumgraph 
 Absolute 
 Vortex 
 
 
 Pendulum  Magicians 
 Stargazer  /  Timegazer  /  Xiangke  /  Timebreaker  /  Acrobatic  /  Dragoncaller  /  Harmonizing  /  Double Iris  /  Black Fang  /  Purple Poison  /  Performapal Celestial 
 Dragonpulse 
 Nobledragon 
 Wisdom-Eye  /  Xiangsheng  /  Dharma-Eye  /  Performapal Five-Rainbow 
 Dragonpit 
 Oafdragon  /  White Wing 
 
 
 Prediction Princesses 
 Astromorrigan 
 Coinorma  /  Petalelf 
 n/a 
 Tarotrei 
 Crystaldine 
 Arrowsylph 
 
 
 Resonators 
 Dark  /  Synkron  /  Crimson 
 Clock 
 Flare  /  Red  /  Double  /  Net 
 Barrier  /  Chain  /  Mirror 
 Force 
 Creation 
 
 
 Road Magic 
 N/A 
 Diastrophism 
 Explosion 
 Rays Alter 
 Backflow 
 Tempest 
 
 
 El Shaddoll    Fusion Monsters    (1 "Shaddoll" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Winda 
 Shekhinaga 
 Grysta 
 Construct 
 Anoyatyllis 
 Wendigo 
 
 
 Signer Dragons 
 Red Archfiend  /  Black-Winged 
 Life Stream 
 Black Rose 
 Ancient Fairy 
 n/a 
 Stardust 
 
 
 Six Samurai     Legendary Six Samurai     Secret Six Samurai 
 Irou     Shi En     Doji 
 Yariza     Kizan     Kizaru 
 Kamon     Mizuho     Genba 
 Zanji     Enishi     Rihan 
 Yaichi     Shinai     Hatsume 
 Nisashi     Kageki     Fuma 
 
 
 Sky Striker Ace 
 Raye  /  Zeke 
 Kaina 
 Kagari 
 Roze 
 Shizuku 
 Hayate 
 
 
 Sushi Angels 
 Spider Roll 
 Monkey Roll 
 n/a 
 Garibel  /  Agaribel 
 Tiger Roll 
 Dragon Roll 
 
 
 Synchro  Warriors    Tuner  Synchrons 
 Junk  /  Satellite     Junk  /  Satellite 
 Drill     Drill 
 Nitro  /  Jet     Nitro  /  Jet 
 Road     Road 
 n/a     Steam 
 Turbo     Turbo 
 
 
 Tenyi  Spirits 
 Vishuda 
 Adhara 
 Mapura 
 Ashuna  /  Sahasrara 
 Sthana 
 Nahata 
 
 
 The Weathers    Canvas     (Continuous Spell/Trap Cards) 
 Aurora     Auroral 
 Snow     Snowy 
 Sun     Sunny 
 Thunder  /  Rainbow     Thundery  /  Rainbowed 
 Rain     Rainy 
 Cloud     Cloudy 
 
 
 Timelords 
 Vorpgate 
 Kamion  /  Hailon 
 Metaion  /  Lazion  /  Michion 
 Sephylon  /  Sandaion 
 Zaphion  /  Gabrion 
 Sadion  /  Raphion 
 
 
 True Draco and True King 
 All Calamities 
 Lithosazim  /  Dreiath III 
 Agnimazud  /  Ignis Heat 
 Master Peace  ( King ) /  Metaltron XII 
 Bahrstos  /  Dinomight Knight 
 Majesty Maiden  /  Mariamne 
 
 
 Witchcrafters 
 Haine 
 Potterie 
 Schmitta 
 Edel  /  Madame Verre  /  Golem Aruru 
 Pittore 
 Genni 
 
 
 World Chalice 
 World Legacy 
 Beckoned  /  Ningirsu 
 Chosen  /  Auram 
 Lee 
 Crowned  / Ib ( Priestess / Justiciar ) 
 Guardragon  /  Imduk  /  Almarduke 
 
 
 Yang Zing 
 Taotie  /  Jiaotu  /  Yazi 
 Bi'an  /  Zefraxi  /  Zefraniu 
 Suanni 
 Chiwen  /  Baxia  /  Chaofeng  /  Denglong 
 Bixi 
 Pulao 
 
 
 Yo-kai Girls 
 Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries 
 Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood 
 Ghost Mourner & Moonlit Chill 
 
 
 ZW - 
 Chimera Clad  /  Dragonic Halberd 
 Ultimate Shield 
 Phoenix Bow  /  Asura Strike 
 Unicorn Spear  /  Lightning Blade  /  Leo Arms  /  Sleipnir Mail  /  Fenrir Sword  /  Pegasus Twin Saber  /  Sylphid Wing 
 n/a 
 Tornado Bringer  /  Eagle Claw 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/SixSamuraiUnited-TF04-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110724071456', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/DARK.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053848', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/EARTH.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/FIRE.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053839', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)