Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_Winged_Dragon_of_Ra_(character)


 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 
 English name 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Winged God Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 Other names  
 Sun Dragon of Ra The Sun of God Dragon 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ラーの 翼 神 竜 ラーの翼神竜 ラーのよくしんりゅう Rōmaji: ( Rā no Yokushinryū ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 85: " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra , known as  Winged God Dragon of Ra  in the Japanese version is a character version of the card " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", also variously as the  Sun  or the  Sun God . [Notes 1]  Ra appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime , as one of the most powerful monster spirits, the  Egyptian Gods . In-series, its  Duel Monsters  card is considered to be the most powerful in the game.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Doma 
 2.4   Pyramid of Light 
 2.5   Memory World 
 2.6   Genex Tournament 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Notes 
 5   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Ra is a giant golden dragon that appears to be composed of or covered in golden metal. It has a saurian posture and bird-like features; its head and neck are sculpted to resemble that of a bird of prey, with feather-like ornaments on each side of its head and at the elbows, and a jagged cone surrounding its neck. Its wings have the appearance of being feathered. Ra has a large arch connecting its shoulder pauldrons that is where its "Blaze Cannon" attack is generated before being channeled to its mouth through the feather-like ornaments on its head. During the Memory World arc, Ra's beak is toothless and more bird-like in shape and its tail is thinner. This is the form it uses in its first legal artwork, though in that artwork it also possesses a feather-like plume rather than a bony tail.
 In Ra's Sphere Mode it appears as an orb of golden metal that unfolds into its Battle Mode. In its Phoenix Mode Ra becomes a giant flaming bird with its wings and head shaped in a similar manner to its Battle Mode.
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Ra is one of the three  Egyptian Gods , along with  Obelisk the Tormentor  and  Slifer the Sky Dragon . These monsters were only capable of being summoned by the chosen Pharaoh, which is revealed to be Atem.
 
 Battle City 
       The  Egyptian Gods  as cards.     
 3000 (5000 in the dub) years later,  Maximillion Pegasus  created cards depicting the three Egyptian Gods, for his game  Duel Monsters . Pegasus was unable to decipher the hidden powers of Ra, which were written in Hieratic text, so he transcribed the Hieratic text onto the card. This text was only visible in the light emitted from 'Ra' and had to be recited in order to Summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra".
 The souls of the Gods came to dwell in the cards, making them powerful weapons. On realizing this, Pegasus regarded their creation as one of his greatest mistakes. He tried to destroy the God Cards, but could not bring himself to do it, so he had the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities bury the cards in different locations in the  Valley of the Kings . The  Rare Hunters  managed to steal the " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " The Winged Dragon of Ra " cards. However the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities was able to prevent them finding the " Obelisk the Tormentor " card.  Ishizu Ishtar , from the council, later gave it to  Seto Kaiba , so that he would host the  Battle City  tournament to retrieve the other two.
 The leader of the  Rare Hunters ,  Marik Ishtar  entered the  Battle City  tournament with the "Slifer" and "Ra" God cards.
 Odion , posing as Marik, Dueled  Joey Wheeler  in the quarter finals. Towards the end of the Duel, Joey expressed disbelief that his opponent was Marik. Marik then tried to create some false proof by having Odion Summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra". He believed Odion would be capable of Summoning it. However the card was a  counterfeit  and this angered the real Ra, who smote the Dueling arena with lightning, hitting both Duelists. [1] [2] 
 
         Ra in Sphere Mode.     
 During  Mai Valentine  and  Yami Marik 's quarter final Duel, Mai took "The Winged Dragon of Ra" using the effect of " Amazoness Chain Master ". However when she Summoned Ra, it appeared in its Sphere Mode. Unable to read the Hieratic text, Mai could not Summon it. On his next turn, Yami Marik recited the inscription and Summoned Ra to his side of the field. He prepared to attack Mai, who was held still by his torture cards. The nature of the  Shadow Game , meant that this attack would kill Mai. However as Joey tried to free her, Yami Yugi stood between them and Ra and took its blast on his back, preventing Mai from dying. Kaiba used satellites to get images of the Hieratic text and was surprised to find that he was able to read them.
 In the night,  Yami Bakura , with the help of Marik, Dueled Yami Marik. However Yami Marik defeated them with Ra's  Point-to-Point Transfer  ability. [3] 
 
         Ra as  Egyptian God Phoenix .     
 During the semi-final Duel between Joey and Yami Marik, Yami Marik  Special Summoned  "The Winged Dragon of Ra". Since he did not  Tribute   any monsters, its  ATK  and  DEF  became 0. However Yami Marik converted Ra to its  Egyptian God Phoenix  form and destroyed Joey's monster. This inflicted immense pain on Joey, which Yami Marik did not expect him to withstand. Joey did manage to stay standing after the attack, but collapsed during his turn before he was able to finish the Duel.
 Yami Marik and Yami Yugi Dueled in the finals. Yami Marik demonstrated the rest of Ra's abilities, but ultimately lost the Duel. Yami Yugi then received "The Winged Dragon of Ra" card through the tournament's rules.
 
 
 Doma 
 In order to regain his memories, Yami Yugi presented the three Egyptian Gods to the stone tablet in the museum. However, the God cards began to crackle with dark energy as  Dartz  drained their power. Yami was then interrupted as Duel Monster spirits began appearing throughout the city. Later that day,  Dartz 's men broke into  Kame Game  and stole the God Cards. [4]  Dartz placed the cards in the mouths of three stone serpents in order to use their power to summon  The Great Leviathan . [5] 
 After defeating Dartz in a Duel, Yami retrieved the Egyptian God cards, though their strength had already been drained. [6]  After Yami Yugi's soul had been absorbed into The Great Leviathan, the other souls Dartz had captured were able to lend him their strength. With it, Yami called out, "In the name of the Pharaoh, awaken!" and summoned the three Egyptian Gods. By summoning them, Yami was also able to free himself,  Joey Wheeler  and Seto Kaiba from the Leviathan. Obelisk, Slifer and Ra engaged in battle with The Great Leviathan. The three were empowered by the light of other people's souls, defeating it. [7]  However the Leviathan reappeared in a different form within Dartz, which Yami managed to defeat. [8] 
 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Kaiba Dueled and defeated Pegasus to obtain a card capable of defeating the Egyptian God cards.  Anubis  added an extra card, " Pyramid of Light " to Kaiba's prize. Kaiba went on to face Yami Yugi in a Duel and used " Obligatory Summon " to force him to Summon the Egyptian God cards and then activated "Pyramid of Light", removing the Gods  from play . [9]  He later attempts a strategy involving turning the Egyptian Gods against Yugi by destroying "Pyramid of Light". However, this fails when Anubis intervenes and knocks Kaiba out before taking over the Duel. Later, Yugi is able to destroy "Pyramid of Light" and bring the Egyptian Gods back. The Gods then combine into one monster with infinite strength; Ra taking on its Phoenix form during the attack, and they destroy " Theinen the Great Sphinx " to win the duel. 
 
 Memory World 
 When Yami Yugi entered the  Memory World , he relived some of his life as Pharaoh Atem, and fought the battle against  Thief Bakura , in which he summoned Slifer, again. [10]  This time after Slifer was defeated by  Diabound ,  Yugi  and his friends arrived on the scene and Yugi was able to lend Atem strength, allowing him to Summon Ra and defeat Diabound. However,  Yami Bakura  at the  Shadow RPG  table used an  Hourglass Token  to reverse time. This time,  Yami Bakura  distracted Yugi, so that he would not reach Atem and Ra was not Summoned.
 The Pharaoh used the three Egyptian Gods to battle  Zorc Necrophades . However Zorc managed to overpower them and turn them into stone. [11]  Upon relearning his name, Atem was able to summon the three Gods again, this time from the cards in Yugi's Deck. He then combined them into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [12] 
 Yugi  and Atem constructed separate Decks for the  Ceremonial Battle , which Atem needed to lose in order to pass on to the afterlife. Despite needing to lose, Atem gave the Duel his all. He included the three Egyptian God cards in his Deck and managed to Summon the three of them at once in the Duel. However Yugi was able to destroy them and win.
 
 Genex Tournament 
 Franz , a card designer for  Industrial Illusions  stole a test copy of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and created the card " Mound of the Bound Creator " to allow him to control it. He snuck into the  Genex Tournament  and using "Ra", he defeated two opponents, leaving them critically injured. Franz then Dueled  Jaden Yuki . Ra was chained up with "Mound of the Bound Creator", causing it to cry so much to Jaden's surprise. However Jaden managed to destroy "Mound of the Bound Creator" and "Ra". He then revived "Ra" to his side of the field and to Pegasus' surprise was able to control Ra, as he used him to defeat Franz. [13] 
 
 Other appearances 
 The Sun Dragon Ra (manga) The Winged Dragon of Ra ( Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In  Millennium World arc  of the manga, his name, ラー, is variously supplemented with  kanji glosses  such as 太陽 or 太陽神, and formatted as  ラー  or  ラー . 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 88: " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 89: " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 97: " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 145: " A New Evil - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 147: " Legend of the Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 182: " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 183: " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 184: " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 25: " To Pierce the Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 217: " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 219: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 ↑   " Rah, Rah, Ra! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/Ra_1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160927141554', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Egyptian-God-Cards.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170320113550', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/SphereMode.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100209040949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/EgyptianGodPhoenix-EN-Anime-DM-NC.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121008010110', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/The_Winged_Dragon_of_Ra_-_manga_character.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141124001109', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Egyptian_Gods_VS_Reshef.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141123181350', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters