Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Tips:A-to-Z-Dragon_Buster_Cannon


 A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 You can summon this card in one turn with " Unauthorized Reactivation ", " Union Hangar ", " Unexpected Dai " and " A-Assault Core " in your hand:
 Activate "Unexpected Dai" to Special Summon " X-Head Cannon " from your Deck. 
 Activate "Union Hangar" to search " B-Buster Drake ". 
 Normal Summon "B-Buster Drake". 
 Activate "Unauthorized Reactivation" to equip " Union Driver " to "B-Buster Drake". 
 Activate "Union Driver's" effect, banishing it to equip " C-Crush Wyvern " to "B-Buster Drake". Special Summon "C-Crush Wyvern". 
 Link Summon  " Platinum Gadget " using "B-Buster Drake" and "C-Crush Wyvern". This activates the effects of "B-Buster Drake" and "C-Crush Wyvern" in that order, searching and Special Summoning " Y-Dragon Head ", which in turn activates "Union Hangar" to equip " Z-Metal Tank " to "Y-Dragon Head". 
 Activate "Platinum Gadget's" effect to Special Summon "A-Assault Core". 
 Contact Fuse for " XYZ-Dragon Cannon " using the Fusion Materials you control, then for " ABC-Dragon Buster " using "A-Assault Core" you control, plus "B-Buster Drake" and "C-Crush Wyvern" in your Graveyard. 
 Finally, summon this card. 
 Being that this monster's effect makes it so the Fusion Materials must be actual copies of "ABC-Dragon Buster" and "XYZ-Dragon Cannon", the likes of " Elemental Hero Prisma " or " Fusion Tag " can't be used to have another monster as a substitute. 
 Note that this card's Summoning requirements are to banish  cards  with the original names of "ABC-Dragon Buster" and "XYZ-Dragon Cannon", meaning that you don't have to Special Summon them. " Inzektor Exa-Beetle " and " Cyberdarkness Dragon " can equip one of this card's Fusion Materials to it directly from the Graveyard (which could be directly sent there via " Zaborg the Mega Monarch ", " Gale Dogra " or " Extra-Foolish Burial "), which can then be banished to Summon this card.
 Do note that either of this card's Fusion Materials that were improperly Special Summoned cannot be Special Summoned by this card's last effect. 
 Like "ABC-Dragon Buster", this card can be used to trigger the effect of " Saffira, Queen of Dragons " during the End Phase of each and every turn by using its effect to discard  LIGHT  monsters. 
 If you use " Limiter Removal " on this card you can avoid the drawback by using this card's effect to banish itself and split into its component pieces before the end phase. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Tips