Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Leon_von_Schroeder


 
 Leon von Schroeder 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Leon von Schroeder 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Leonhart von Schroeder 
 
 
 Other   
 Leon Wilson 
 
 
 Japanese   
 レオンハルト・フォン・シュレイダー 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Zigfried von Schroeder  (older brother) Unnamed father [1] Unnamed mother [2] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Schroeder Corp 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Grand Championship   Winner (championship) Defeated (title Duel)     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Fairy Tale 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 185: " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Andrew Rannells 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Seiko Noguchi 
 
 
 German  
 David Turba 
 
 
 
 Leon von Schroeder  (レオンハルト・フォン・シュレイダー  Leonhart von Schroeder)  is the younger brother of  Zigfried von Schroeder . He is a very famous  Duelist  who uses the alias of " Leon Wilson  (レオン・ウィルソン)" when he  Duels . He joins  Kaiba 's KC  Grand Championship  tournament to help his brother gain revenge on  Kaiba Corporation , though he also aspired to Duel  Yugi Muto . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   KC Grand Championship 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Leon has hazel eyes and dark maroon hair, in contrast to his brother Zigfried's pink hair, and ties it with a hairband. His attire consists of a light-blue sleeved school shirt with a cream vest bearing a school insignia, navy-blue shorts, white knee socks, and black dress shoes.  In his youth he wore a dark green jacket and shorts, a white shirt underneath with a tie, black socks and brown dress shoes.
 
 Personality 
         
 Leon is polite and respectful of those around him, but has small doubts about himself when he made it past the first round. Leon likes to keep an optimistic attitude, and this is shown through his Duels by enjoying them, and is very modest in his skills, never one to gloat in his victories. However, during his Duel against Yugi, he became more determined and brutal, now Dueling to help his brother, unaware of his true intentions.
 He idolizes his brother, yet realizes that Zigfried's actions are wrong. Leon is a big fan of Yugi and has admired him since  Duelist Kingdom . In a scene removed from the dub, Leon is seen watching Yugi in various tournaments on TV. Leon has wanted to Duel against Yugi since  Duelist Kingdom  and gains his chance in the finals of the KC Grand Championship.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Leon reading his fairytale stories.     
 Leon's family never paid very much attention to him when he was a kid. They were always focused on preparing Zigfried to take over the company, and they would punish him for distracting Zigfried from his studies.
 
       Leon receiving his Fairytale cards from Pegasus.     
 Leon discovered a fondness for fairy tales and wrote a letter to  Maximillion Pegasus , requesting that he make fairy tale cards; Pegasus agreed and sent the cards to Leon upon their completion. After building a talent with computers, as well as Dueling, he used these skills to enter tournaments under a false name so his family wouldn't find out, until he was discovered by Zigfried. Instead of being angry or ashamed, Zigfried was impressed with his brother's talents. Recognizing his abilities, he asked his brother to assist him with running their family business, promising him that he would never be alone again.
 
 KC Grand Championship 
 Leon first meets Yugi after a friend of his finished up a Duel against the Duel Machine, where he and the other people in the arena are locked in after Zigfried hacked the controls. He then witnesses Yugi Duel the Duel Machine, using Rick's Deck, and winning. Later, during a party held to kick off the KC Grand Championship, he greets Yugi and Joey, sheepishly telling them that he's competing too. When Roland introduced him, he explained that Leon was a Dueling prodigy, shocking Yugi and his friends.
 During the first round of the tournament, he is paired up against  Doctor Goat . Tea wishes him good luck, causing him to blush from the encouragement and nodding his head. Although the doctor's eccentric behavior was confusing to him, Leon still managed to win, and watched as his two nurse assistants took away on a stretcher.
 His next Duel would be against  Ethan Shark  in a overwhelming victory (as evident he still had 4000 Life Points by the Duel's end). Zigfried's second virus attack, however, would cause the haunted house they were Dueling in to go haywire, creating mass confusion for him and the other Duelists (as their Dueling grounds were also affected by it).
 He later Duels against  Rebecca Hawkins  in the semi-finals. Their Duel was a back-and-forth match in the early parts, although Leon's Fairy Tale cards proved to be too much for Rebecca. He was able to counter each one of her attacks and strategies, eventually turning her own " Diamond Head Dragon " against her with his " Thorn Princess ", winning the Duel. He tried to cheer her up after she lost, and although she snapped at him, told him to be prepared as there was still a long way to go before the tournament's end.
 When Zigfried is disqualified, he recruits Leon to help him with his plot to destroy  KaibaCorp , by  activating  " Golden Castle of Stromberg ", which will release a computer virus into the system. Unaware of his brother's plan, Leon accepts the card, believing that Ziegfried simply wishes to humilate Kaiba by having the Schroeders win his tournament. 
 During the Duel with  Yami Yugi , he eventually comes to his senses and refuses to help Zigfried, but is unable to remove the card from play. Yugi, however, comes up with a strategy to destroy it by turning its own  effect  against it, while  Seto Kaiba  works on stopping the virus. Once the "Golden Castle" was destroyed, Yugi would win the Duel using a combination of " Necromancy ", " Diffusion Wave-Motion ", and " Dark Magician ".
 Afterward, Yugi praised Leon for his courage and strength, which made the latter break down into tears of joy. Even though Zigfried tried to salvage the situation, still thinking his virus did the job, he learns from Kaiba that not only was the virus stopped, but all the data had been completely restored, thereby crushing Zigfried's plans. However, Leon comforts him, telling him what he learned from the Duel with Yugi to help motivate his older brother, causing Zigfried to tearfully hug his brother in thanks, restoring their bond.
 
         Leon wins the tournament.     
 Leon made a final appearance in  episode 220 , standing at the balcony of his castle, looking up at the sky. In the Japanese ending, Leon was seen with Zigfried, who was seen trying to make a business deal with  Maximillion Pegasus .
 
 Deck 
 Leon uses a  Fairy Tale  Deck , composed of cards that were specially created by  Maximillion Pegasus  upon Leon's request, based on fairy tale creatures (in the dub, he says that Pegasus felt the same way he did about fairy tales and decided to make the series of his own volition). Leon's Deck is varied and balanced, with effects ranging from effect negation with " Curse of Thorns " to swarming the field with " Iron Hans " and " Cinderella ". His cards largely lack pure power, with only " Globerman " and " Hexe Trude " being stand-out attackers. Leon circumvents this with monster destruction effects like " Spinning Wheel Spindle " and " Gingerbread House ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Tom Thumb 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cinderella 
 Forest Hunter 
 Forest Wolf  x2 
 Glife the Phantom Bird  x2 
 Globerman 
 Hexe Trude 
 Iron Hans 
 Iron Knight  x3 
 Little Red Riding Hood 
 Pumpkin Carriage  x2 
 Seven Kid Goats 
 Thorn Princess Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 100-Year Awakening 
 Curse of Thorns 
 Giant's Training 
 Gingerbread House 
 Glass Slippers 
 Gold Moon Coin 
 Golden Castle of Stromberg [Notes 1] 
 Iron Cage 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Negate Attack [Notes 2] 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spinning Wheel Spindle 
 Water of Life 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Unknown Duelist 
 196 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Richard Goat 
 187 - 188 
 Win
 
 
 Ethan Shark 
 190 - 191 
 Win
 
 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 192 - 193 
 Win
 
 
 Zigfried Lloyd 
 194 
 Win (default)
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 196 - 198 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Leon is the last Duelist Yugi and  Atem  face as one. 
 In the English dub, he has the same voice actor as  Noah Kaiba . 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 190: " Down in Flames - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 197: " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was given to him by  his brother  but when he used it, the  effects  were modified so that it didn't have any drawbacks for him. 
 
 ↑   This card was used as a  Magic Card . It was depicted as a  Trap Card  in the dub. It is a  Trap Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/LeonWilson.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160722123954', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Leon_von_schroeder-0.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20180917093205', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Leon_Fairytale.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110911002601', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Leon_Card_Collection.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110911002716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Leon_Victory.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110911002943']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters