Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Kid


 Abyss Kid 
 Gallery 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 In  episode 112 , the  Familiar of Red Nova  uses this card during his Ground  Duel  against  Jack Atlas . He Normal Summons this card on the first turn of the Duel. Later " Big Piece Golem " attacks and destroys this card. This activates this card's effect, inflicting 800 damage to Jack. After the Familiar Normal summons " Abyss Boat Watchman ", this card's second effect destroys it. This activates the effect of "Abyss Boat Watchman", inflicting 800 damage to Jack. Later "Big Piece Golem" attacks directly, but the Familiar activates " Guidance to the Abyss " to Special Summon " Abyss Guardian " from the Graveyard. This card's second effect then activates, destroying "Abyss Guardian". The first effect of "Abyss Guardian" then activates, inflicting 800 damage to Jack. The second effect of "Abyss Guardian" then activates, ending the Battle Phase. In  the next episode , " Red Dragon Archfiend " attacks directly, but the Familiar activates the effect of "Abyss Boat Watchman" to revive "Abyss Guardian". This card's second effect then activates, destroying "Abyss Guardian". This activates the effect of "Abyss Guardian", inflicting 800 damage to Jack. The second effect of "Abyss Guardian" then activates, ending the Battle Phase. On Jack's next turn, "Red Dragon Archfiend" attacks directly, but the Familiar activates the effect of "Abyss Boat Watchman" to revive "Abyss Guardian". Jack then Special Summons " Extra Veiler " as a monster was Special Summoned during the Battle Phase. This card's second effect then activates, destroying "Abyss Guardian". The first effect of "Abyss Guardian" activates, but the effect of "Extra Veiler" redirects the damage Jack would take to the Familiar instead. The second effect of "Abyss Guardian" then activates, ending the Battle Phase. Later Jack activates " Nightmare Archfiends " to Special Summon three  Nightmare Archfiend Tokens  to the Familiar's side of the field. This activates this card's second effect, destroying the tokens. The Familiar then takes 2400 damage (800 damage for each Token destroyed). Later the Familiar banishes this card, "Abyss Guardian", and "Abyss Boat Watchman" from his Graveyard in order to Special Summon " Abyss Ruler Mictlancoatl ". 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances