Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Millennium_Item

      The 7 Millennium Items.     
 The  Millennium Items  ( 千 年 アイテム [1]   Sennen Aitemu ; explanatorily spelt  千 年 宝物 [Notes 1]  in the  Millennium World arc [2] ) are seven treasures created from an ancient spell found in the  Millennium Spellbook  in order to keep the ancient magic of the  Shadow Games  locked up forever.  The Millennium Stone  in the village of  Kul Elna  is the origin and resting place of the seven items, and also where  Akhenaden  sacrificed ninety-nine humans in order to create them.  
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Millennium Items 
 2   Other 
 
 2.1   Monsters With Millennium Items 
 
 
 3   Abilities 
 4   Origin 
 
 4.1   Manga 
 4.2   Anime version 
 
 
 5   Historical implications 
 6   Notes 
 7   References 
 
 
 Millennium Items 
 
 
 Image
 
 Item
 
 Old carriers
 
 Recent carriers
 
 Primary powers
 
 
 Ancient name
 
 Modern name
 
 
 
 
 千 年 錘   Sennensui "Millennium Pendant"
 
 千 年 パズル  Sennen Pazuru " Millennium Puzzle "
 
 
 Aknamkanon 
 Atem 
 Priest Seto 
 
 
 Solomon Muto 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Contains the souls of  Pharaoh Atem 
 Summons and controls  Duel Monsters , including the  Egyptian Gods 
 Grants the one who solves it intelligence and "power of darkness" 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 眼   Sennengan " Millennium Eye "
 
 千年眼   Mireniamu Ai 
 
 
 Aknadin 
 Aknadin's successor 
 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Bakura Ryou / Yami Bakura 
 Seto Kaiba   (anime only) 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Reads minds 
 Looks into a person's soul 
 Seals souls inside cards 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 輪   Sennen Ringu " Millennium Ring "
 
 千 年 リング
 
 
 Mahad's predecessor 
 Mahad 
 Thief King Bakura 
 Alexander the Great  (Only  Yu-Gi-Oh! CM ) 
 Mana  (Only manga) 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 
 
 Thief 
 Bakura's father 
 Bakura Ryou / Yami Bakura 
 Marik Ishtar / Yami Marik 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba  (Only  Yu-Gi-Oh! MC ) 
 
 
 Allows its owner to find whatever he seeks, acting like a compass 
 Seals souls or fragments of souls into objects 
 Contains the souls of  Zorc Necrophades  and  Thief Bakura 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 秤   Sennenbakari " Millennium Scale "
 
 
 Kalim's predecessor 
 Karim 
 Thief King Bakura 
 Atem 
 Kalim's successor 
 
 
 Shadi 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Finds out how much darkness is in a person's heart. 
 Fuses monsters (Ancient Egypt) 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 錠   Sennenjō " Millennium Key "
 
 
 Shimon Muran 
 Shada 
 Shada's successor 
 
 
 Shadi 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Enters a person's mind 
 Allows the wielder to "redecorate" the soul to make anyone their puppet. 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 錫 杖   Sennen Shakujō 
 
 千 年 ロッド  Sennen Roddo " Millennium Rod "
 
 
 Seto's predecessor 
 Priest Seto 
 Seto's successor 
 
 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar / Yami Marik 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Mind control 
 Seals  Egyptian Spirit Monsters  inside of stone tablets (Ancient Egypt) 
 
 
 
 
 千 年 タウク  Sennen Tauku " Millennium Necklace "
 
 
 Isis' predecessor 
 Isis 
 
 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Sees into the past and the future 
 
 Other 
 Other Magical tools related to the Millennium Items:    
 
 Spellbook  - the book that Ahkenaten used to create them. 
 Feather of Ma'at  - a tool used by the Pharoah's Priests to judge the hearts of criminals. 
 Pyramid of Light  - an item containing  Anubis 's soul, greatly resembling the Millennium Puzzle. 
 Millennium Shield  - a high-defense monster card referring to a possibly real item. 
 Quantum Cube  - a mysterious item (bearing an  Eye of Anubis  like the other Millennium Items) possessed by  Aigami  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , and is identified as the "eighth Millennium Item". Aigami primarily uses it to transport people to another dimension known as the  Plana , but it can also be converted into a unique Duel Disk which he can use to Duel with. 
 Monsters With Millennium Items 
 " Ma'at " in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga  uses all 7 Millennium Items. 
 The Millennium Items are also mentioned in the description of " Sengenjin ". He carries a golden spear, axe and mace; while not confirmed, these are implied to be the Millennium Items he uses. 
 " Millennium-Eyes Restrict " is covered in multiple Millennium Eyes. The  Eyes Restrict  Archetype contains cyclopes whose eyes resemble the Millennium Eye. 
 The original flavor text for the " Millennium Shield " stated that it was a Millennium Item; however, it has absolutely no importance to the storyline and does not originate from the Millennium Stone like the other Millennium Items. This card later received an erratum to change its flavor text to remove any mention of the Millennium Items. 
 Abilities 
 The Millennium Items grant their chosen owners access to ancient magic to use in  Shadow Games . The most standard are granting a wish when being acquired, communicating with spirits (Duel Monster or human), casting  Penalty Games  on the loser of a Shadow Game that the owner played against. When a Shadow Game starts, using the magic of the items, players would send themselves into an alternate dimension where their Duel won't be interrupted, and where cheating is forbidden, punishable by death.
 Outside of a game, in addition to their unique abilities, the items' power of the Shadow Games also allow the owners to harness dark magic that they can defend themselves with. The power within the Millennium Items lets their holders perform feats like: putting people to sleep, cloaking himself and others from sight, interfering with other Shadow Games, remote-viewing, etc. The items also give their owners protection from harm, and from other magic.
 According to Shadi, three of the Millennium Items represented justice (Key, Scale and Necklace), three are weak to evil (Ring, Rod, and Eye), and the seventh, the Millennium Puzzle, represents both evil and justice. This would the explain the increasingly evil natures of the main antagonists (Pegasus, Marik and Bakura)
 
 Origin 
 Manga 
 In an early chapter of the manga (Duel 14: The Man From Egypt (Part 2) in Volume 2: The Cards With Teeth),  Shadi  gives a vague explanation about why the  Millennium Items  were created. According to this story, the relics were created by the Pharaoh's magicians of Ancient Egypt in order to punish thieves who tried to rob the Pharaohs' tombs. Shadi says this is written in the  Pert Em Hiru , or  Coming Forth By Day  (the Egyptian title of  The Book of The Dead ).
 Later chapters of the manga (published as  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  in North America) then give a more detailed lore about their origin. With Egypt under threat from invading armies 3,000 years ago, the Pharaoh  Akhenamkhanen  sought to protect his land through mystical means, and laid down the command for the seven magical Millennium Items to be forged, based on an ancient spell found in the  Millennium Spellbook . Akhenamkhanen's brother,  Akhenaden  was charged with creating the items, but  Akhenaden  refrained from informing his brother that in order to do so, 99 human sacrifices were required. The village of  Kul Elna  became the victim of the Pharaoh's unwitting decree, as  Akhenaden  had them slaughtered, their blood, bone and flesh melted in with the gold that was cast in the mystic rite that formed the items. During his second encounter with  Atem , Bakura stated that the spirits of Kul Elna were trapped in Hell following the ritual, and that he could hear their grudges in said afterlife from the Items.
 With Akhenamkhanen possessing the Millennium Puzzle, the remaining six items were entrusted to his high priests the  Sacred Guardians : the Millennium Key to  Siamon , the Millennium Eye to  Akhenaden  himself, and the Millennium Necklace, Rod, Scale, and Ring to the other four priests (the predecessors of  Isis ,  Priest Seto ,  Karim , and  Mahad ). Using the Items' combined power, an army of Duel Monsters was summoned which repelled the invading foes of Egypt. However, upon discovering the dark truth behind the Items' creation,  Akhenamkhanen  attempted to atone by offering his soul up to the Egyptian Gods as penance, sparing his son,  Pharaoh Atem  from any future retribution for his own indirect actions.
 
 Anime version 
 The  Yu-Gi-Oh! first series anime  just makes use of the story depicted in the early chapters of the manga due to its small coverage of the series, while the  Millennium World  arc of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! second series anime  follows the detailed version of the manga's late chapters (the dub cuts the mention of the villagers dying, but still specifies their souls were used).
 
 Historical implications 
 When his father died, Pharaoh  Atem  was given the Millennium Puzzle, and in time,  Siamon Muran  relinquished the Millennium Key to Shada. The Millennium Rod was given to a young priest named Seto, who (unknown to everyone) was actually Akhenaden's son. Seto became a strong friend of  Atem , though both young men remained unaware that they were cousins.  Thief King Bakura , the sole survivor of the slaughter in  Kul Elna , stole the holy  DiaDhank  from the tomb of Akhenamkhanen. By using it, Bakura could summon the ka, or soul, sealed in slates in the tomb of Akhenamkhanen and the demon Diabound, which created by the  ka  of the deceased people in  Kul Elna  (originally, a Millennium Item was needed to summon  Ka , except your own). After failing to beat  Atem , he defeated  Mahad  and acquired the Millennium Ring. Then, using the Millennium Ring,  Thief King Bakura  injected evil thoughts into  Akhenaden 's Millennium Eye to corrupt his mind.  Akhenaden  wanted his son,  Seto , to become the new Pharaoh, so he helped  Bakura  defeat the other priests and  Atem , then he placed the Millennium Items upon the stone slab to summon the Dark God  Zorc . While  Zorc  attempted to decimate the planet,  Atem  used his own name and the magics of the Shadow Games, within the Millennium Items, sealed  Zorc  and his own soul within the Millennium Puzzle, wiping his memory so that he could not recall it, so that the binding might never be undone.
 With  Atem 's eventual death, the Millennium Puzzle was entombed along with him in his crypt in the Valley of the Kings. In a chamber beneath the village of  Kul Elna , a sculpted stone rested - it read "Should the seven Millennium Items be placed upon it, along with the eighth key, the Pharaoh's name, Zorc would be free again".
 The magic of the Shadow Games was unleashed when the Millennium Puzzle was solved by  Yugi Muto  in the present day, and he embarked on a series of adventures that eventually resulted in the locations of the Millennium Items being revealed, and the three  Egyptian God Cards  coming into his possession. Placed on a stone tablet (the  Tablet of Lost Memories ) that professed to chronicle a battle between the Pharaoh and  Seto , the cards and the Puzzle opened a gateway to Ancient Egypt, through which the soul of the Pharaoh was pulled. Back in his original body, but still lacking his memories, the Pharaoh was reunited with his priests, and  Akhenaden 's treachery was revealed as the Spirit of the Millennium Ring, which had also traveled back in time, stole the Items from their owners and used them to resurrect  Zorc , only to have him be eradicated for eternity at the hands of the union of the three Egyptian Gods,  The Creator of Light .
 Back in the present, following  Atem 's defeat at the hands of his vessel,  Yugi Muto , in the conclusion of the Ceremonial Battle and the series, the Millennium Items, placed onto the tablet just before the duel began, would open a gateway to the afterlife, allowing the Pharaoh  Atem  to be finally at rest. Afterwards, the temple would then crumble, sealing all 7 Millennium Items deep underground until Kaiba digs them back up in The Dark Side of Dimensions.
 
         The items as they appear on the body of " Ma'at "     .
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , the Items are wielded by " Ma'at ", an incarnation of the Egyptian God with the  same name . "Ma'at" uses the power of the items that  priests  had sealed in  the White-Feathered spirit  to defeat  Tragoedia  and allow  Winged Kuriboh  and  Light and Darkness Dragon  to seal him permanently. [3] 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   With 宝物  takaramono / hōmotsu  meaning "precious thing". 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (f1999-10-09). " 遊闘 132  哀 しみの 千年眼 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  15 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872772-X . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 285  盗 賊 王 バクラ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 64: " Beyond the Struggle… " 
 
 
 v e 
 Millennium Items Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Scale 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Rod 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Movies 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Quantum Cube 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/SennenItems.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150429034702', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/MillenniumPuzzle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20070805234053', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/MillenniumEye.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20070805234524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/MillenniumItemsGXmanga.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20110328230955']
Categories: Millennium Items