Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_161


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 161 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 シャル・ウイ・デュエル？ペアデュエルへの招待 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sharu Ui Dyueru? Pea Dyueru e no Shōtai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel 
 
 
 Number 
 161 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 14, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Elemental Hero Darkbright|]] 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five-Headed Dragon " 
 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " 
 
 
 
 
 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " is the one hundred and sixty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 14, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 29, 2016.
 The junior students at  Duel Academy  organize a  Tag  Dueling tournament, where the senior students Duel against the junior students.  Jaden Yuki  ends up paired with  Alexis Rhodes , and the two are unable to function as a team, as Jaden does not cooperate with Alexis, and simply wins all of the Duels without her help, even when she sets up strategies that could take advantage of the cards they both hold.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Chancellor Sheppard and Ms. Dorothy 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Obelisk Blue Pair 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Blair ,  Hassleberry  and several other students have been assigned to take pictures of each student who will soon graduate for the class yearbook. They also begin to plan a graduation party for the third-year students, as well as a  Tag  Dueling tournament. Hassleberry asks  Alexis  to find Jaden and invite him, as they have been unable to locate him or get his picture. After graduation, Alexis plans to stay at  Duel Academy  as a research student. However,  Chancellor Sheppard  wrote to the headmaster of an American Duel College, and they have agreed to accept Alexis as a transfer student should she be interested. Looking through pictures on her computer from her first year at the Academy, she comments that she's not seen Jaden smile as he does in such pictures in a long time.
 Jaden is sitting on a rock, fishing,  Pharaoh  at his side. The spirit of  Professor Banner  emerges and questions whether Jaden should be relaxing that much. He responds that both  Maximillion Pegasus  and  Kagemaru  are cooperating with him, but he cannot take any further action until  Axel  discovers something more in his investigation. Alexis and Blair finally locate him, and force him to take some pictures for the graduation album. After this, Jaden walks away, not eager to spend any more time than he has to among others. Alexis tries to convince him to be more cooperative, but he ignores her altogether. Blair reveals the Tag Dueling tournament they are planning and urges him to participate. Jaden responds that he will, if "he feels like it."
 
       Syrus  and  Chazz  fight over who will be  Alexis'  partner.     
On the day of the tournament, Jaden contemplates attending as he wanders the halls, looking through his Deck and commenting on "the friends he has fought with", not referring to his human friends, but to his cards, such as " Winged Kuriboh " and " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman ". Hassleberry reveals the rules for the tournament. Teams of two, consisting of one boy and one girl will be formed. Senior students must pair together, and junior students must pair together. Each team shares one field between the two partners, and each partner may attack with one another's monsters and utilize any  Spell  and  Trap Cards  their partner has  Set  as if they were their own.  Chazz  and  Syrus  begin fighting over which of them Alexis will partner with, and she ultimately decides to leave. Chazz tells Syrus to pair up with Jaden since he has always been for him. Syrus still holding Chazz angrily questions why should he pair up with a guy. As she nears the door, Jaden enters, having finally decided to come. Assuming Alexis has chosen Jaden as her partner, Hassleberry announces the pairing as official. This leaves both Chazz and Syrus without partners, so they do not participate.       The various  Tag-Team Duel  pairs.     
 Jaden and Alexis' first Duel is against Chancellor Sheppard and  Ms. Dorothy , who reveal that they were allowed to participate in the junior student block specifically to Duel them. Sheppard Summons his " Cyber Ogre 2 " on the first turn. Alexis Summons a monster in  Defense Position  and Sets " De-Fusion ", thinking Jaden can use it on his turn. Ms. Dorothy appears not to know how to Duel, and Summons " Marshmallon " in  Attack Position  and does not attack with Sheppard's "Cyber Ogre 2". Jaden defeats them on his first turn, using " Elemental Hero Darkbright " and his own "De-Fusion", as he does not bother to check what Alexis had Set, even after she asks him to do so.
 Hassleberry and Blair are partners, and defeat both  Mindy  and  Jasmine  along with their unnamed partners back-to-back. As his " Dark Tyranno " finishes off the opponent, they watch Jaden and Alexis' next Duel. Alexis  equips  " Cyber Angel Benten " with " Ritual Weapon ", while their opponent Summons " Stone Statue of the Aztecs " and equips it with " Mist Body ", preventing it from being destroyed in battle. She has " Mystical Space Typhoon " Set. Once again, Jaden does not check the Set card, and instead uses " Gift of the Martyr " to  Tribute  "Cyber Angel Benten" in order to power-up " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " after playing " Neo Space " and " H - Heated Heart ". He then uses "Flare Neos" to attack "Stone Statue of the Aztecs". Although it was not destroyed due to "Mist Body", their opponents still took Battle Damage as "Flare Neos" was affected by "H - Heated Heart". The male opponent is then knocked down as his team's Life Points drop to 0. His teammate asks if he is okay. Jaden then apologizes to the group if he did any harm to them before returning to Alexis's side. 
 When Jaden heads back to Alexis, he is shocked that Alexis is upset with him. Jaden questions why is she angry. Alexis explains that even though her "Benten" was powered up by "Ritual Weapon", Jaden Tributed it like it was nothing. Jaden notes they still won. Alexis tells him it isn't all right. Though they are consistently winning, they are not functioning as a team, which is the whole point. Alexis tells him to trust her as a partner. Jaden tells her to trust him as he is trying to win 100%. Alexis gets even more angry at this, which leaves Jaden shocked and confused by what Alexis told him.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Chancellor Sheppard and Ms. Dorothy 
 Turn 1: Sheppard 
 Sheppard  draws " Cyber Ogre ". He then  activates  " Polymerization " to fuse his two "Cyber Ogres" together in order to  Fusion Summon  " Cyber Ogre 2 " (2600/1900) in  Attack Position . Sheppard then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Alexis 
 Alexis  draws " De-Fusion ". She then  Normal Summons  " Etoile Cyber " (1200/1600) in  Defense Position  and Sets a card ("De-Fusion").
 Turn 3: Ms. Dorothy 
 Dorothy  draws " Marshmallon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/500) in Attack Position.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws "De-Fusion". Jaden's  hand  contains " Elemental Hero Neos ", " Hero Barrier ",  Elemental Hero Necroshade ", " Elemental Hero Sparkman , and "Polymerization". He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Necroshade" with "Sparkman" in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental Hero Darkbright " (2000/1000) in Attack Position. "Darkbright"  attacks  "Marshmallon". Due to the latter's effect, it is not destroyed (Sheppard/Dorothy 4000 → 2300).
 Jaden then activates his own "De-Fusion" to return "Darkbright" to the  Fusion Deck  and  Special Summon  "Necroshade" (1600/1800) and "Sparkman" (1600/1400) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. "Sparkman" and "Necroshade" then attack "Marshmallon". Due to the latter's effect, it is not destroyed (Sheppard/Dorothy 2300 → 1000 → 0).
 
 Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Obelisk Blue Pair 
 Duel already in progress. Jaden and Alexis  control  " Cyber Angel Benten " (1800/1500) in Attack Position.
 Alexis's turn 
 Alexis   activates  " Ritual Weapon ",  equipping  it to "Benten" and increasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by 1500 ("Cyber Angel Benten": 1800 → 3300/1500 → 3000). She then  Sets  a card (" Mystical Space Typhoon ").
 Obelisk Blue Boy's turn 
The student draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Stone Statue of the Aztecs " (300/2000) in  Defense Position . He then activates " Mist Body ", equipping it to "Stone Statue" and granting it immunity to  destruction by battle .
 Jaden's turn 
 Jaden  draws " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab " and subsequently Normal Summons it (500/500) in Attack Position. He then activates " Fake Hero " to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Neos " from his hand (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then  Contact Fuses  "Neos" with "Flare Scarab" in order to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position.
 Jaden then activates " Neo Space ". Now "Elemental Hero Neos" and all  Fusion Monsters  that list "Elemental Hero Neos" as a  Fusion Material Monster  will gain 500 ATK ("Flare Neos": 2500 → 3000/2000). Jaden then activates " H - Heated Heart " to increase the ATK of "Flare Neos'" by 500 ("Flare Neos": 3000 → 3500/2000) and grant it the ability to inflict  piercing  damage this turn. He then activates " Gift of the Martyr " to  send  "Benten" to the  Graveyard  and increase the ATK of "Flare Neos" by the original ATK of "Benten" until the End Phase ("Flare Neos": 3500 → 5300/2000).
 Due to the effect of "Flare Neos", it gains 400 ATK for each  Spell  and  Trap Card  on the  field . There are currently three ("Flare Neos": 5300 → 6500/2000). "Flare Neos"  attacks  "Stone Statue of the Aztecs". Due to the effect of "Mist Body", "Stone Statute of the Aztecs", is not destroyed, but "Flare Neos" inflicts  piercing  damage to the Obelisk Blue Pair (Obelisk Blue Pair 4000 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian [Notes 1] 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix [Notes 1] 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Necroshade 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab 
 Winged Kuriboh [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Darkbright 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman [Notes 1] 
 Elemental Hero Flare Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Fake Hero 
 Gift of the Martyr 
 H - Heated Heart 
 Neo Space 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Barrier 
 
 Alexis Rhodes Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Etoile Cyber 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Ritual Weapon 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Ogre  x2 
 Dark Tyranno 
 Marshmallon 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Ogre 2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mist Body 
 Polymerization 
 
 Cosplay Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Key Mace 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Watapon 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Jaden can be seen holding this card before joining the party. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Series161.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121205220549', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Busted.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080612132535', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Tag_pairs.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121205214050']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes