Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_055


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 055 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 未 知 なる 世 界 へ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Michi-naru Sekai e 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 To the Unknown World 
 
 
 English 
 A Windy Welcome 
 
 
 Number 
 055 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 6, 2018 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 3, 2019 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " BOY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshida Shin 
 
 
 Director 
 Fuse Yasuyuki 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Sunaga Tsukasa 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Sung-jin, Kang Hyeon-guk 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Game of Drones " 
 " Blue Gal Battles! " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Windy Welcome ", known as " To the Unknown World " in the original version is the fifty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on June 6, 2018, and became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. It aired on November 3, 2019 on Teletoon. 
 Playmaker  and  Soulburner  have reached a windswept cliff. Due to some mysterious force, the two of them have arrived to some ruins. As they investigate the ruins, they run into  someone  unexpected...
 
 Summary 
 Playmaker and Soulburner regroup, having cleared their respective obstacles. They spot a green area inside a blue-colored space, and go into it. However, they are unaware that  Ghost Gal  and  Blue Gal  are following them. At  SOL Technologies ,  Akira Zaizen  loses track of Ghost Gal and Blue Gal as they enter the green area, and starts to worry as he has already lost one member of his squad. Playmaker and Soulburner exit the green area into a canyon of strong winds, catching  Ai  by surprise. They struggle to keep their  D-Boards  under control (In the dub, Ai compares it to an incident where he got lost in a straight corridor). When Ghost Gal and Blue Gal enter the canyon, Blue Gal falls off her board almost immediately due to the winds, and Ghost Gal quickly gives her a rope to hang on to. Unfortunately, Blue Gal loses her board, so Ghost Gal cuts her loose. Ghost Gal then jumps off her board to follow Blue Gal into a cave at ground level. 
 Inside the cave, Blue Gal postulates that the winds made SOL lose contact with their research team. Ghost Gal concedes having to wait until the winds stop. Just then, Blue Gal receives a distress signal and goes towards its source, causing Ghost Gal to sigh disappointingly and follow her. At  Café Nom ,  Kolter  also notes the loss of signal from Playmaker and Soulburner, thinking that they might have already reached the restricted area. Kolter tasks himself with hacking the  WIND   Ignis  algorithm in order to track them down. 
 Meanwhile,  Ai  and  Flame  decide to counter the strong winds of the restricted area, by blowing their own  Data Storms . At around the same time, something emerges from above. At the same time, Blue Gal and Ghost Gal brave the winds at ground level to find the source of the distress signal. Ghost Gal points Blue Gal to another cave on the other side of a strong air current. They get into the cave and find two members of SOL's research team, unconscious. Blue Gal notes that they were being blocked from logging out or sending distress calls, so she activates the emergency logout function. Ghost Gal is alarmed at Blue Gal's use of the emergency function meant for themselves, and refuses to do the same. Blue Gal is worried that it may be too late to save the research team by the time they're done. She also refers back to her past as a reason for wanting to grow stronger and save others instead of always needing to be rescued (this is cut out from the dub). Ghost Gal concedes, and uses up her emergency logout function on the other member of the research team. Both members are logged out safely. 
 At SOL Technologies,  Risa Hayami  informs Akira that the research team they sent before Skye and Emma have returned. Akira thinks that Skye must have saved them, and hopes for her own safety as well so that he can thank her. Meanwhile, Ghost Gal and Blue Gal retrieve their D-Boards and ride the stormwinds again. Ghost Gal warns that it would be Blue Gal's fault if they do not find an Ignis. At around the same time, Ai and Flame's Data Storms struggle against the winds, causing Playmaker and Soulburner to lose control again. Suddenly, the winds subside. Playmaker and Soulburner eventually find a temple and reach its entrance. They walk up several long flights of stairs until  a monster  greets them. Ai is terrified; Flame recognizes the monster as the one that destroyed the  Cyberse World . The monster begins to charge up a beam, to Playmaker's and Soulburner's shock as well, but instead of a beam, the WIND Ignis appears, laughing at how hard he fooled his visitors. 
 Ai is thrilled that the WIND Ignis made it out safe, but also realizes that he was the one whipping up the storms. The WIND Ignis notes that he can never let his guard down after what happened to the Cyberse World. Upon being instructed, the monster deforms to an android that the WIND Ignis calls " Echo ". The WIND Ignis lands on Echo. Playmaker addresses the WIND Ignis, to which the WIND Ignis specifies his name as " Windy ". Windy also asks Echo to introduce himself; Echo does, but also states, "Human counterpart not found". Playmaker asks why Windy is "in this world", to which Windy says that he created it. He invites Playmaker, Soulburner and their Ignis on a tour of his grounds. When they reach a shelter in the middle of a garden, Windy offers to take Ai and Flame into his grounds on the condition that they leave their human partners.  Windy also notes that he had only just finished creating his new world when Ai and Flame showed up, through his security systems that were meant to block all intruders except Ignises and their affiliates. 
 Flame refuses Windy's offer of his lodging. Ai explains that they have a mission to find someone named  Bohman , who "stole their friend's soul through the TV". Even after Flame clarifies Bohman's appearance, Windy denies knowing of a Bohman, which disappoints Ai (In the dub, Windy assumes Bohman carries a bow). However, Windy suggests that Bohman may have been in his world, but not at his grounds. Windy also accepts Playmaker's request to take them to where Bohman might be, but only on the condition that he does not go with them. He would only turn the winds off in the path towards Bohman's location, and only after they fulfil a favor for Windy. 
 Windy shows a live shot of Ghost Gal travelling on the winds with another person that Playmaker recognizes as Blue Angel. Windy's favor is simply to send Ghost Gal and her companion packing from the area. Playmaker and Soulburner agree to this, so they leave Windy's domain to confront Blue Gal and Ghost Gal. On the girls' side, the two lower their windshields after moving past the worst of the stormwinds. They then notice Playmaker and Soulburner move past them in the opposite direction. Playmaker and Soulburner catch up to the girls. Blue Gal says that she and Ghost Gal are looking for an Ignis. Playmaker and Soulburner says they cannot help, but Soulburner ends up greeting Blue Gal as if he's a fan of hers. 
 Ghost Gal then tricks Soulburner into revealing the identity of his A.I., before asking for their mission. Playmaker says that they're chasing after a thief, and refuses Ghost Gal's offer to help. Ghost Gal refuses to back down; she repeats Blue Gal's mission objective of looking for an Ignis, and Blue Gal sees Soulburner's as an easy target. All four of them are unable to agree on a course of action, therefore, Soulburner asks Playmaker to move ahead while he engages Blue Gal in a duel. When Ghost Gal tries to chase after Playmaker, Ai fires a Data Storm to hold her back. Soulburner and Blue Gal exchange some final words before their duel starts.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. No cards debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Elphase 
 Flow Hydradrive Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Traps 
 Sunbloom Doom 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Vrains_055_Preview.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180606121133']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes