Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mokey_Mokey_(archetype)


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Mokey Mokey 
 もけもけ  ( Mokemoke ) 
 
 
 
 
 At least 22 " Mokey Mokey ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Mokey Mokey 
 
 
 German 
 Mokey Mokey 
 
 
 Italian 
 Mokey Mokey 
 
 
 Korean 
 모케모케   Mokemoke   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mokey Mokey 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Mokey Mokey 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Ancient Sanctuary Rise of Destiny Power of the Elements 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 2 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Turbo Pack: Booster Four Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Pharaoh's Inheritance Expert Edition Volume 2 Expert Edition Volume 3 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 The " Mokey Mokey " (もけもけ  Mokemoke )  archetype  ( series  in the anime) of cards are used by  Belowski  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 
 Play style 
 The Deck is based on increasing the  ATK  of " Mokey Mokeys " using " Mokey Mokey Smackdown ", and swarming the field with " Human-Wave Tactics ".  Attack -blocking and destruction-blocking cards are necessary for this Deck to protect "Mokey Mokey" and "Mokey Mokey Smackdown" cards which are crucial for this Deck. Also,  Fairy - Type   Level  2 or lower monsters are needed for this Deck to work, so make sure you have them if you are building a Deck around Mokey Mokeys.
 
 Mokey Mokey OTK 
 Mokey Mokey OTK Decks revolve around " Mokey Mokey ", " Mokey Mokey Smackdown ", and " Human-Wave Tactics ".
" Mokey Mokey Smackdown " makes the ATK of " Mokey Mokey " become 3000 if 1 other Fairy-type monster you control is destroyed. Then you can attack your opponent with powerful 3000 ATK monsters, or even use " Delta Attacker " to cause 9000 points of direct damage to your opponent´s LP after a successful direct attack with 3  Mokey Mokey .
If you managed to Synchro Summon "Junk Warrior" after " Mokey Mokey Smackdown " goes off, "Junk Warrior" will have at least 5300 ATK. You can also use " Destruction Ring ", " Destruct Potion ", or " Ring of Destruction " to destroy a Fairy-type and have a powered-up "Mokey-Mokey" before summoning " Junk Warrior " and attacking.
 Alternatively, you can use " DNA Surgery " to change all monsters into Fairy-type if you do not plan on using a pure Fairy-type deck.
 " Honest " can be used when a monster is attacked for a power boost or can be used on a " Mokey Mokey " to activate the " Mokey Mokey Smackdown ". " Guardian of Order " can be easily summoned with the high-swarm of " Mokey Mokey ". " Freya, Spirit of Victory " and " Hoshiningen " can be used to boost " Mokey Mokey ".
 " Waboku ", " Gravity Bind ", " Threatening Roar ", " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", " Level Limit - Area B ", and " Swords of Revealing Light " all allow you to protect your monsters without harming yourself. " Astral Barrier " and " Spirit Barrier " gives a 0 damage lock, as does " The Sanctuary in the Sky ". " Victoria " prevents attacks to " Mokey Mokey " and other Fairy-type monsters. " Dust Barrier " gives protection against spell cards for up to 2 turns.
 " Amulet of Ambition " gives an advantage to " Mokey Mokey " by gaining large amounts of ATK from attacking, which allows it to destroy tough cards like " Stardust Dragon " and even " Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Dark Armed Dragon ", and " Judgment Dragon "! Sadly, it can't give the ability to destroy 1800 ATK or higher Level 4 Monsters, although it can make it match up to 1800 ATK. Since it also goes back to the top of your deck after use, it will be hard to waste it. This is a very deadly weapon when used since it can destroy most monsters by battle (without any other boosts). " Shooting Star Bow - Ceal " allows it to attack for 2300 damage when powered-up. " Twin Swords of Flashing Light - Tryce " allows it to attack twice with 2800 ATK each when powered-up. " Opti-Camouflage Armor " is used to attack directly with no cost. This should be used over " Shooting Star Bow - Ceal " unless you plan to run other very powerful monsters. " Sword of the Soul-Eater " gives at least a minimum of a permanent 1000 ATK boost if used at the right time. " Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu " and " Hidden Armory " allows you to search for these equip cards. " Megamorph " and " Unstable Evolution " gives a boost if your LP are lower than your opponent's. "Megamorph" does no harm if you manage to get higher other than a small 150 ATK drop even when " Mokey Mokey Smackdown " is used, but is inferior to " Unstable Evolution " in this deck. " Unstable Evolution " gives a permanent boost; its ATK becomes 2400 when your LP are lower and 1000 when higher so you gain at least 700 ATK boost regardless of LP. " Mist Body " prevents it from being destroyed by battle, however, it is inferior to " Heart of Clear Water ".
 Being a Normal/Level 1/Fairy-type/LIGHT/300 ATK/100 DEF gives it many options for revival, swarm, and coming back. " Human-Wave Tactics " can summon it from the deck after a weak monster is destroyed. " Emissary of the Afterlife " and " Sangan " can add it to your hand from the deck when destroyed, while " Nova Summoner " and " Shining Angel " can Special Summon it from the deck when destroyed. " Enchanting Fitting Room " gives a chance to summon some " Mokey Mokey " and/or other monsters from your deck. " The League of Uniform Nomenclature " allows you to easily summon 2 more from your deck with just 1. " Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen " can summon " Mokey Mokey " and even " Splendid Venus " if you have no monsters! " Dark Factory of Mass Production " allows you to add 2 " Mokey Mokey " or other normal monsters from your graveyard. " Symbols of Duty ", " Limit Reverse ", " Spirit Caller ", " Soul Resurrection ", and " Birthright " allow you to summon them back from the graveyard. " Spirit Caller " summons 1 when flipped. " Kinka-byo " summons 1 for 1 turn only.
 This deck has some removal options available. " Justi-Break " gives " Mokey Mokey " a chance to attack and possibly destroy an Effect Fairy-type for " Mokey Mokey Smackdown ". " Order to Smash " lets you destroy up to 2 Spell or Trap cards at the cost of a weak normal monster. " Curse of Anubis " allows you to easily destroy tough monsters by attacking. " Hammer Shot " has an advantage in here since you are usually playing with low-ATK monsters. " Three of a Kind " can also work if you have three " Mokey Mokeys ". If all else fails, the  staple  cards still work.
 " Junk Warrior " has a big advantage here since you're playing with level 2 or lower monsters with high attack. "Junk Synchron" can easily bring it out by using the level 2 Fairies like the "Heralds". " Armory Arm " gives a simple boost to your monsters.
 Recently, with the addition of  Tri-Wight , Mokey Mokeys now have increased swarming capabilities.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mystical Shine Ball 
 Effect Monsters 
 Guiding Light 
 Honest 
 Hoshiningen 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Junk Synchron 
 Marshmacaron 
 Master Hyperion 
 Mudora 
 Nova Summoner 
 Rai-Mei 
 Shining Angel 
 Tethys, Goddess of Light 
 The Agent of Creation - Venus 
 The Agent of Mystery - Earth 
 The Light - Hex-Sealed Fusion 
 Victoria Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Armory Arm 
 Junk Warrior 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Scrap Twin Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Baby Tiragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mokey Mokey Smackdown 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Delta Attacker 
 Enchanting Fitting Room 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Unstable Evolution  /  Megamorph  /  Mage Power  /  United We Stand 
 One for One 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky 
 Court of Justice 
 Painful Decision 
 Polymerization 
 Opti-Camouflage Armor 
 Tri-Wight 
 Traps 
 Dimension Gate 
 Gravity Bind 
 Limit Reverse 
 Painful Escape 
 Spirit Barrier 
 Three of a Kind 
 Treaty on Uniform Nomenclature 
 Waboku 
 Weaknesses 
 "Mokey Mokey" monsters are very weak, so you will not be able to destroy opponent's monsters except with  effects  (or  monsters  that have enough  ATK  to destroy at least some monsters). Also, there is a little chance that you get " Mokey Mokey Smackdown " and at least 1 " Mokey Mokey " in your first  turn  of every  Duel . And all that is needed to make this  Deck  weak is to  destroy  "Mokey Mokey Smackdown", because your "Mokey Mokeys" will not gain  ATK  bonus. Another weakness is that when  Human-Wave Tactics  is destroyed the speed of the deck is crippled.
 
   
" Mokey Mokey " 「もけもけ」 Members 
 Mokey Mokey Mokey Mokey Adrift Mokey Mokey King 
 Mokey Mokey Smackdown 
 Support 
 Mokey Mokey Adrift 
 
 v e 
 Mokey Mokey  もけもけ a   Members 
 Mokey Mokey Mokey Mokey King Mokey Mokey Smackdown 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/HumanWaveTactics-TF01-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20101206083622']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)