Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_079


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 079 
 
 
 
 
 " Enlightenment Paladin " destroys " Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 覚 醒 する 魔導剣士 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kakusei-suru Madō Kenshi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Enlightened Paladin 
 
 
 English 
 Road To Rebellion 
 
 
 Number 
 079 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 25, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 4, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 14, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshifumi Fukushima 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuyuki Fuse 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoki Kotani 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Sung-jin Lee Seok-yoon Lee 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Rebel Road " 
 " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 
 
 

" Road To Rebellion ", known as " The Enlightened Paladin " in the Japanese version, is the seventy-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 25, 2015, and in Australia on November 4, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 31, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018. 
 Trusting in  Sora 's message that  Zuzu  is fine,  Yuya  puts in all his thoughts and  draws  his card. The card he drew is the one that  Sam  gave to him, the card that mustn't be used, " Tuning Magician ". While everyone is believing that is a miss, Yuya trusts in the card that he drew...!!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Shinji Weber 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya  recaps that in the second match of the  Friendship Cup 's second round,  Shinji  had Yuya cornered in his haste to save  Zuzu . He then saw  Sora  with Zuzu's helmet, and realized that it may mean that Zuzu was safe. Yuya had declared that the real Duel started now, but Shinji claimed that it was too late; he had hundreds of thousands of  Commons  supporting him. The revolution had begun and no-one could stop them.
 Shinji activates the  Spell Card  " Revival Swarm ", allowing him to  Special Summon  a " Battlewasp " monster from his  Graveyard  with its effects negated. He revives " Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow ", which reforms from a swarm of bees. He tells the Commons to rise up and bring forth a revolution, to drag down those  Topsiders  and give them a taste of their suffering. The Commons cheer as the Topsiders look worried, and  Melissa Trail  protests that she told Shinji not to provoke the audience. Yuya tries to pacify Shinji, claiming that he understands how Shinji feels, but all this violence won't change anything. Yuya begins explaining that he wants to make the people of  New Domino City  smile with his Dueling, but Shinji interrupts, asking "Smile?" He claims that they'll smile once they've dragged the Topsiders down from their cushy penthouses. That's why they need a revolution. 
 
       " Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow " is successfully Synchro Summoned.     
 Yuya grits his teeth, and the observing  Crow  notes that the revolution that Shinji talks about isn't the only way. That's why he put his hope in  Jack , but Jack didn't do anything. Even though Jack could have changed things, the wealth and power reduced him to the Topsiders' dog. He clenches his fist and thinks that it's just as Shinji says. Shinji activates the effects of all three of his " Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye ", inflicting 200 damage to Yuya. Each "Pin" shoots a needle at Yuya, reducing him to 1900  LP  vs Shinji's 3400 as Melissa explains to the crowd. The Commons cheer, and  Sam  whispers Yuya's name. Yuya asks if Shinji is planning on taking out his LP through effect damage before he attacks " Performapal Silver Claw " with "Azusa". Shinji laughs in response, mockingly asking Yuya if he thinks that Shinji Summoned "Azusa the Spirit Bow" with its effects negated just for that. He  tunes  the three  Level 1  "Pin the Hits" with the  Level 5  "Azusa" and Yuya realizes in shock that "Azusa" is a  Tuner Synchro Monster . Shinji chants "Power in concert! Bear the flames of grudge and release the arrow of revolt!  Synchro Summon !  Level 8 !  Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow !" Yuya observes the monster's 2800  ATK  and Shinji tells the Commons to watch, claiming that this is their  Synchro Monster . Crow muses that the monster is a revolutionary monster that combines the strength of weak 200 ATK monsters. 
 Shinji urges the Commons to gather at his side, just like this monster. He tells them that they'll change this society with their own hands, and the Commons cheer Shinji's name as the Topsiders continue to watch in fear. Sam observes that the anger of the Commons is coming together. In the  High Council  chamber,  Gael  tells  White Taki  that the Commons will riot if this continues, but Taki remains unworried, as does  Declan  who stands with  Riley . In his office,  Jean-Michel Roget  snorts and he comments that that won't happen at all. The Topsiders have oppressed the Commons for so long precisely because they're all bark and no bite. That's the Commons; venting their frustration is enough for them. 
 
       " Timebreaker Magician " wrenches out " Hama's " arrow.     
 Shinji tells Yuya that he'll defeat him and stand on the front line of the revolution. Shinji attacks "Silver Claw" with "Hama the Evil-Crushing Bow". "Hama" extends an arrow from its left wrist which it inserts into and fires from its bow, destroying "Silver Claw" and reducing Yuya to 900 LP. The energy arrow remains spinning as Shinji activates the effect of "Hama", which allows him to reduce the ATK of one monster Yuya controls by the damage that Yuya just took. The arrows embeds in " Timebreaker Magician 's" arm and reduces him to 1800 ATK, and "Timebreaker" nonchalantly rips the arrow out and tosses it away. Shinji explains that "Hama" can attack twice in one turn, and he attacks "Timebreaker Magician" this time, ordering "Hama" to end it with 1000 points of damage. "Hama" extends another arrow and fires, creating a massive cloud of smoke, and Melissa declares that it's over.  Celina , Crow, Sam, and the Topsiders all watch, Celina and Sam calling Yuya's name. But to everyone's shock, the smoke is absorbed into the trunk of a large purple spectre, much to the confusion of both Melissa and Shinji. Yuya explains that he activated the effect of " Performapal Inflater Tapir ", which he can send from his hand to the Graveyard to reduce battle damage to zero. The Commons all bemoan the near chance, while the Topsiders sigh in relief and Sam whispers Yuya's name (in the dub, he thinks Yuya still has a chance). Shinji comments that he guesses that Yuya won't go down so easily, but he only has 900 LP left, and Shinji will finish Yuya off next turn. He ends his turn. 
 Yuya thinks that there's no way that he can lose here. He'll make everyone smile with his Dueling, end the interdimensional war, and return to  their world  with Zuzu. He declares his turn and draws the Spell Card " Match Pump ", which he immediately activates. He can draw a card, and if it's a  Level 4  or lower monster he can Special Summon it. Anything else will be  banished , but if the Special Summoned monster is a  Pendulum Monster , it is destroyed and sent to the  Extra Deck . In addition, Yuya cannot Special Summon other monsters this turn (that last part is omitted from the dub). Yuya thinks that if he draws a Pendulum Monster, he can increase the effect damage of the Pendulum Effect of " Performapal Extra Slinger ". He declares his draw, and draws the card high.
 
       Yuya  draws " Tuning Magician ".     
 But Yuya's eyes widen in shock as he sees that he's drawn " Tuning Magician ". He brings the card down and looks at it, and Shinji asks what's wrong and he tells Yuya to hurry up. Yuya does so, Special Summoning "Tuning Magician" in  Defense Position . "Tuning Magician" appears and cheerfully strikes a pose. Sam panics internally, remembering that he gave the card to Yuya and told him to return it to Jack. Yuya will be in trouble if he uses a card like that. Melissa notes that the Summoned monster is Level 1 with 0 DEF. Jack himself wonders why Yuya has that card, remembering that the effect of "Tuning Magician" inflict 400 damage to its controller and increases the LP of the opponent by 400 when "Tuning Magician" is Special Summoned. "Tuning Magician" cheerfully radiates harmonic waves from the staff that hovers next to her, which reduces Yuya to 500 LP and increases the shocked Shinji's LP to 3800. Melissa is surprised as she narrates that Yuya cut down his own LP and increased his opponent's instead. Sam is panicked, but Yuya remains calm. 
 Melissa protests that no matter how one looks at it, Yuya has made a mistake. Due to the effect of "Tuning Magician", it's 3800 against 500 LP. The crowd shouts at Yuya for his move, as Sam continues to panic. Sam remembers Jack giving the card to him; telling him that if he had nothing else he should take this, the card that suited Sam the best. Sam then remembers telling Yuya about the card and how he perceived it as Jack making fun of him despite being a Common himself. Sam wonders why Yuya put the card in his Deck, and the Commons cheer Shinji on. Even Shinji mocks the card, commenting that drawing such a useless card has sealed Yuya's fate. Yuya replies that there's no such thing; every card has a purpose. He states that he believes that if he listens, the card will respond to him. He thinks to himself that he wants to prove that in this tournament, and he remembers adding the "Tuning Magician" card to his Deck. Yuya thinks that there's no way that "Tuning Magician" is a card that is only capable of hurting its user. He activates the Pendulum Effect of "Extra Slinger", allowing him to inflict 300 damage to his opponent for every Pendulum Monster face-up in his Extra Deck. He has two, so he inflicts 600 damage. "Extra Slinger" fires an arrow of energy at Shinji, reducing him to 3200 LP, and Yuya explains that this will prevent him from  Pendulum Summoning  during this turn (in the dub, he says he won't go down without a fight), before ending his turn. Shinji realizes that Yuya was aiming for drawing a Pendulum Monster with "Match Pump" to increase the effect damage of "Extra Slinger", but that he didn't count on this at all. He comments that drawing such a useless card has spelled Yuya's doom.
 
         " Hama " prepares to fire a massive energy blast.     
 Shinji declares his turn and draws, before declaring that he'll bring an end to that useless card. He attacks "Tuning Magician" with "Hama the Evil-Crushing Bow", and "Hama" extends an arrow from its wrist and fires, destroying "Tuning Magician". Yuya yells his monster's name, and Shinji that this is it before he activates the effect of "Hama" to attack again. "Hama" fires again, but Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of " Performapal Gongato " to reduce the damage from a direct attack to zero. "Gongato" beats its chest, and the resulting soundwaves deflect the arrow that "Hama" fired. Melissa cries that Yuya has blocked it (cut from the dub), but Shinji retorts that they're not done yet. He activates another effect of "Hama" since it failed to inflict battle damage, allowing him to inflict 300 damage for each "Battlewasp" monster in his Graveyard. He has seven, three "Pin the Hits", "Azusa", " Battlewasp - Sting the Poison ", " Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter " and " Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker ", so "Hama" will inflict 2100 damage. The monsters all rise behind "Hama" and form into energy, which "Hama" grasps in its left hand. As they round a corner, Shinji declares that this time he'll end it for sure, and he tells "Hama" to become the spark that lights the beacon of revolution. "Hama" fires the energy as Shinji roars Yuya's name. Without flinching, Yuya rounds another corner and he spies an  Action Card  in the center of the lane. The energy approaches as the card gleams in Yuya's goggles, and Sam cries Yuya's name – and then Yuya dodges the energy blast. Shinji is shocked that Yuya dodged it, and Yuya explains that he activated the Action Spell " Encore ", which allowed him to re-use the effect of an Action Spell in his Graveyard. Shinji is confused at first, but then he realizes what Yuya has chosen, and Yuya confirms that he chose " Acceleration " to negate the effect damage. Shinji calls Yuya a stubborn brat, though he notes that the match is already over, and that it's no use drawing it out before he  Sets  a card to end his turn. 
 
         Yuya  has a vision of  a new monster .     
 They pass a building filled with worried Topsiders, and Yuya declares that it won't end like this. He declares his turn and he draws, and Shinji immediately activates his  Continuous Trap Card , " Bee Formation " during Yuya's  Draw Phase . When a monster is  Normal  or Special Summoned to Yuya's field, it will increase the ATK of a monster that Shinji controls by 400. A swarm of bees arise and form an infinity symbol behind "Hama", which glows with yellow energy. Shinji states that while he doesn't know what Yuya has drawn, the ATK of "Hama" will increase every time Yuya Summons a monster. Melissa claims that Shinji has sealed his victory and wonders if Yuya can make a comeback as Yuya looks at his draw. Roget wonders if it's already over for Yuya, and he admits that he may have overestimated him, flicking over a black pawn on his chessboard, while Jack remains impassive on his throne. Yuya looks at the card that he drew, " Monster Reborn ", a Spell Card that allows him to Special Summon a monster from either Graveyard. There are seven different  monsters  in the Graveyard, but even if Yuya takes control of "Azusa the Spirit Bow" with the highest ATK, he can't beat "Hama the Evil-Crushing Bow". As he sees an image of "Azusa" in his mind's eye, he notices a glow next to him coming from an image of the saddened "Tuning Magician". The glow intensifies, and then Yuya suddenly sees a glimpse of a  robed swordsman  in a similar manner to his first vision of " Rune-Eyes ". Yuya sees images of several cards, "Gongato", "Extra Slinger", "Silver Claw", "Timebreaker Magician", "Bee Formation", and finally his " Gap Power " Spell Card before stopping at the image of the robed swordsman, who turns his head to look at Yuya with one eye. Yuya's eyes widen as he realizes what "Tuning Magician" wanted. 
 
         Yuya  revives " Tuning Magician ".     
 Yuya declares that he'll use the currently Set Scale 2 "Gongcat" and the Scale 6 "Extra Shooter" to Pendulum Summon, and he declares, "Revive from my Extra Deck!" as he Pendulum Summons "Silver Claw" and "Timebreaker Magician". Shinji muses that he sees; with a Pendulum Summon, Yuya can Summon two monsters at once, but the ATK of "Hama" will still increase due to the effect of "Bee Formation", rising to 3200. He activates "Monster Reborn", Special Summoning a monster from the Graveyard, and he revives "Tuning Magician", telling it to lend him her power once again. Melissa asks why Yuya Summoned "Tuning Magician" again, and she asks what Yuya is thinking. Yuya reminds Shinji that the effect of "Tuning Magician" will cause Yuya to take 400 damage while increasing Shinji's LP by 400. Yuya falls to 100 LP from the sound waves of "Tuning Magician" and Shinji rises to 3600 LP. Sam gasps that Yuya only has 100 LP, and Shinji asks if Yuya has lost his mind. He reminds Yuya that the Summon will increase the ATK of "Hama" through the effect of "Bee Formation", and "Hama" rises to 3600 ATK. Melissa observes the 3600 ATK of "Hama", and she stuffily mutters that she told Yuya so. The Topsiders and Commons all wonder what Yuya is thinking by Summoning that useless card. 
 Yuya declares that he is tuning the Level 4 "Silver Claw" and the  Level 3  "Timebreaker Magician" with the Level 1 "Tuning Magician". Both Shinji and Roget react in shock as the monsters begin to perform the Summon, and Yuya chants, "Hero's blade that sets forth unyielding light! Now, awaken with a flash! Synchro Summon! Level 8! Enlightenment Paladin! ("I Synchro Summon! Welcome to the battlefield, Enlightenment Paladin!" in the dub)" The Synchro Monster brandishes its swords and stands with 2500 ATK as Melissa declares that Yuya has Synchro Summoned. Sam, Declan, and Celina all watch in shock, and Celina asks if Yuya just performed a Synchro Summon from a Pendulum Summon. Roget reacts in pleased surprise, and Crow is shocked as well to see that Yuya has a Synchro Monster. Shinji states that it's too late; not only is the ATK of "Hama the Evil-Crushing Bow" already at 3600, but the effect of "Bee Formation" will increase it by another 400 since Yuya just Summoned. "Hama" rises to 4000 ATK.
 
         The effect of of " Enlightenment Paladin " reverses time.     
 Yuya activates the effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" and the monster puts its swords together as a clock face appears over it. Since it was Synchro Summoned using a " Magician " monster as Synchro Material, Yuya can add a Spell Card from his Graveyard to his hand. The field turns blue, and time appears to rewind as Shinji asks what on earth is happening. Yuya retrieves "Gap Power" and immediately activates it, adding half the difference between his LP and that of Shinji to the ATK of "Enlightenment Paladin". "Enlightenment Paladin" rises to 4250 ATK, much to Shinji's shock. Yuya explains that the repeated use of the effect of "Tuning Magician" enabled the gap in their LP to widen, thus allowing the ATK of "Enlightenment Paladin" to surpass that of "Hama". Shinji is thunderstruck, and Sam is shocked that "Tuning Magician" could be used in such a manner. Yuya explains that he could Synchro Summon thanks to "Tuning Magician", and every card has a purpose. As long as he believes in the potential of a card, then that card will always respond.
 
         Jack  smiles proudly at  Yuya's  statement.     
 Upon hearing this comment, Jack smiles proudly.
 Yuya orders "Enlightenment Paladin" to attack "Hama the Evil-Crushing Bow". "Enlightenment Paladin" attacks, and "Hama" blocks the strike, before firing an arrow from its wrist. "Enlightenment Paladin" blocks the arrow with one of its swords and strikes a pose before joining the swords at the hilt and spinning them through the air, creating a symbol similar to a clock face before slicing through "Hama", destroying it. Shinji falls to 3350 LP and the Commons bemoan the loss of their monster (in the dub, they say Shinji still has some fight left). Yuya continues by announcing the effect of "Enlightenment Paladin"; since it destroyed a monster in battle, the ATK of that monster is dealt to the opponent as damage. Shinji panics, remembering how high the ATK of "Hama" was, and Crow finishes grimly that it was 4000 (in the dub, Shinji says his own strength is being used against him, and Crow can only mutter Shinji's name). "Enlightenment Paladin" blasts an energy surge in the shape of "Hama" at Shinji, and he screams in frustration and loss as his LP falls to zero and his  Duel Runner  deactivates. Melissa declares that it's over; Yuya Sakaki has escaped a crisis with a vicious counterattack and emerged victorious. The Topsiders congratulate Yuya, sighing in relief and the noise of the crowd echoes through the  Duel Palace .
 Roget stands in his office with a smile as he holds a black pawn piece, musing Yuya's name before turning and leaving his office with a chuckle.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Shinji Weber 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 5: Shinji 
 Shinji   activates  " Revival Swarm ", letting him  Special Summon  a " Battlewasp "  monster  from his  Graveyard  with its  effects   negated , though that monster will also be prevented from being  destroyed by battle  or card effects this  turn . Shinji Special Summons " Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow " (2200/1600) in  Attack Position . Shinji activates the effects of all three copies of " Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye ", letting him inflict 200  effect damage  with each of them once per turn (Yuya 2500 → 1900). Shinji  tunes  his three  Level  1 "Pins" with the Level 5  Tuner Synchro Monster  "Azusa" to  Synchro Summon  " Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow " (2800/2000) in Attack Position. "Hama"  attacks  and  destroys  " Performapal Silver Claw " (Yuya 1900 → 900). As "Hama" inflicted  battle damage , Shinji activates its effect, letting him  target  a monster his opponent  controls  once per turn and decrease its  ATK  by the battle damage inflicted until the end of the  Battle Phase . He targets " Timebreaker Magician " (2800 → 1800). "Hama" may attack twice per Battle Phase, so it attacks and destroys "Timebreaker Magician", with  Yuya  activating the effect of the " Performapal Inflater Tapir " in his hand,  sending  it to the Graveyard to reduce the battle damage to 0.
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  and activates " Match Pump ", letting him draw a card and  reveal  it. If it is a Level 4 or lower monster, it will be Special Summoned, but otherwise the card will be  banished . If the Special Summoned monster is a  Pendulum Monster , it will be destroyed. Yuya draws and Special Summons " Tuning Magician " (0/0) in  Defense Position . The effect of "Tuning Magician" activates as it was  Normal  or Special Summoned, increasing Shinji's  LP  by 400 and inflicting 400 damage to Yuya (Shinji 3400 → 3800, Yuya 900 → 500). Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of " Performapal Extra Slinger ", letting him inflict 300 damage to his opponent for each  face-up  Pendulum Monster in his  Extra Deck  once per turn, but he cannot  Pendulum Summon  the turn he uses the effect (Shinji 3800 → 3200).
 Turn 7: Shinji 
"Hama" attacks and destroys "Tuning Magician". "Hama" attacks  directly , but Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of " Performapal Gongato " as he controls no monsters, letting him reduce the battle damage to 0 once per turn. As no battle damage was inflicted during this Battle Phase, Shinji activates the effect of "Hama", letting him inflict 300 damage to his opponent for each "Battlewasp" monster in his Graveyard. He has seven - 3 "Pin the Hits", "Azusa", " Sting the Poison ", " Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter " and " Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker ". Yuya finds and activates the  Action Card  " Encore ", letting him either activate the effect of an Action  Spell Card  in his Graveyard as this card's effect or destroy "Encore". He activates the effect of " Acceleration ", reducing the damage to 0. Shinji  Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Monster Reborn ". Shinji activates his  face-down  " Bee Formation ", letting him target a "Battlewasp" monster he controls. Each time his opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster, that target will gain 400 ATK. Yuya Pendulum Summons "Silver Claw" (1800/700) and "Timebreaker Magician" (1400/0) from his Extra Deck, both in Attack Position ("Hama" 2800 → 3200). Yuya then activates "Monster Reborn", letting him Special Summon a monster from either player's Graveyard. He Special Summons "Tuning Magician" (0/0) ("Hama" 3200 → 3600). The effect of "Tuning Magician" activates as it was Normal or Special Summoned, increasing Shinji's Life Points by 400 and inflicting 400 damage to Yuya (Shinji 3200 → 3600, Yuya 500 → 100). Yuya tunes the Level 4 "Silver Claw" and Level 3 "Timebreaker Magician" with the Level 1  Tuner monster  "Tuning Magician" to Synchro Summon " Enlightenment Paladin " (2500/2000) in Attack Position (Hama 3600 → 4000). The effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" activates as it was Synchro Summoned using a " Magician " monster, letting Yuya  add  a Spell Card from his Graveyard to his hand. He adds and subsequently activates " Gap Power " as his opponent's Life Points are higher than his own, increasing the ATK of a monster he controls by half the difference between his own Life Points and his opponent's until the end of the Battle Phase ("Enlightenment Paladin 2500 → 4250). "Enlightenment Paladin" attacks and destroys "Hama" (Shinji 3600 → 3350), with the effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" activating as it destroyed a monster by battle, inflicting damage to Shinji equal to his destroyed monster's ATK on the  field  (Shinji 3350 → 0).
 
 Errors 
 After Yuya uses " Gap Power ", Shinji states he "never would have thought to use "Timebreaker" like that" when he was actually referring to "Tuning Magician". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Inflater Tapir 
 Performapal Salutiger [Notes 1] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Tuning Magician 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Extra Slinger 
 Performapal Gongato 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Timebreaker Magician Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Enlightenment Paladin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gap Power 
 Match Pump 
 Monster Reborn 
 
 Shinji Weber Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter 
 Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye  x3 
 Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker 
 Tuner monsters 
 Battlewasp - Sting the Poison Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow 
 Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revival Swarm 
 Traps 
 Bee Formation 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acceleration 
 Encore 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Tuner monsters 
 Tuning Magician 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 En route pour la rébellion !
 
 
  Italian 
 Tutto o Niente
 
 
  Thai 
 นักดาบจอมเวทย์ที่ตื่นขึ้นมา
 
 Trivia 
 This episode marks the first fully-shown duel which  Yuya Sakaki  won without summoning a  Dimension Dragon . 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is shown when  Yuya  thinks about which  monster  to  Special Summon  with " Monster Reborn ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/ArcV_079.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151025195327', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/BattlewaspHamatheConqueringBow-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151025202318', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/TimebreakerTakesOutArrow.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160818013616', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/YuyaDrawsTuningMagician.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330150443', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/HamaEffect.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330150506', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/EnlightenmentPaladinVision.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330150523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/TuningMagicianRevived.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330150541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/EnlightenmentPaladinReversesTime.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160818013748', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/JackSmiles.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330150620', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes