Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_209


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 209 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 死霊の村 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shiryō no Mura 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Village of Spirits 
 
 
 English 
 Village of Vengeance - Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 209 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 16, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 7, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " In Search of a King " 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Summary 
 Kaiba  finally arrives in Egypt on board of his Blue-Eyes Jet. He lands in front of the Cairo museum where  Ishizu ,  Marik  and  Odion  are there waiting for him. Ishizu comments that his arrival seems to have been foreseen, but that he's not interested in them, but what's inside of the museum.
 Ishizu tells Kaiba the  Tablet of Lost Memories  has been returned to its resting place and that the one inside of the museum is a replica made for the permanent exhibition. Kaiba asks where it is. Frowning, Ishizu asks of him why he's so suddenly interested on it. He takes out the  Millennium Eye   Yami Bakura  left him. When Kaiba brings up the name Bakura, Marik reacts, remembering that, during the  Battle City  and Battle Ship Arcs, Bakura proved to know a lot regarding the  Millennium Items  that people outside his tribe shouldn't know. Ishizu finally tells him to go find the  Tablet of Lost Memories  and find the truth there-something that he doesn't like too much, but agrees on it nevertheless.
 Meanwhile, back in the past, the  Pharaoh  tells  Yugi  about retrieving part of his memories, his father King  Aknamkanon , and the sinister history associated with the 7 Millennium Items. That is also the reason why he must prevent  Thief King Bakura  from retrieving them. Back at the Royal Palace,  Priest Seto  is standing by  Kisara 's bedside reflecting on how much  Aknadin  has changed recently: when Seto first entered the Royal Court, it was Aknadin who taught him compassion & reason, often exemplifying this by giving mercy to criminals because they are part of the Priests' moral conduct codes. Now Seto hardly recognizes him. 
 A guard then walks him and announces to Seto the Pharaoh has been found.  Shimon  tells everybody this, having been told by  Isis.  However, she figures out the millennium puzzle has been lost. It's at this point that Shada and his men arrive by the Nile where the Pharaoh, Yugi & their friends are resting. He tells the Pharaoh his men have found the hiding place of Bakura: the deserted village of  Kul Elna . They immediately depart, taking  Mana  with them. Yugi & his friends want to help but they are left behind.
 As they arrive at Kul Elna, a dark presence can be sensed throughout. Soon enough, the dead spirits of the inhabitants manifest their presence as walking skeleton soldiers. As the men fight the soldiers off, Mana is scared at first, but then hears the voice of  Mahad  in her mind; She has the power to defeat them and must be strong. She steps off the horse and joins the fight as  Shada  then summons  Two-Headed Jackal Warrior .
 While his men continue to fend off the skeleton army, the  Pharaoh  sets off into a subterranean tomb. to find Bakura. Unfortunately, Mana, Shada, and his men seem to be surrounded. However, almost without realizing it, Mana casts a spell which gets rid of the entire skeleton army. She then sees the shape of  Dark Magician Girl  in front of her; instinctively she has created and summoned the  Duel Monster , her  Ka .
 Back inside the tomb, Bakura tells the Pharaoh the tale of how the Millennium Items were created, how he was the only survivor of Kul Elna, and how the Tablet of the Realm of the Dead is guarded by the very spirits who were imprisoned in order to create it. Bakura unleashes the evil spirits onto the Pharaoh, but the spirit of  Mahad , the  Dark Magician  is activated, and he appears to defend the Pharaoh. The Pharaoh asks Mahad if the story Bakura has told him is true. The latter confirms it, but what Bakura has failed to mention is that the villagers' souls used to forge the Millennium Items were  evil . Mahad found out about this as he researched the spell used to create the Items, sensing his  Millennium Ring  radiated an evil energy. 
 As he reported his findings to Aknamkanon, the King was as surprised as Mahad. However, as the King of Egypt,  every task carried out by the King's men was the King's responsibility.  Aknamkanon  realized this, and also realized he must pay by confessing his crime to the Egyptian Gods. The Pharaoh now realizes his father was a worthy king, and he owes it to him to take down Bakura in order to restore Egypt to the prosperity it once knew. He orders Bakura to return the Millennium Items, but Bakura refuses and summons his  Diabound , which has evolved again thanks to its previous victories. 
 A new battle begins as Diabound attacks with  Thunder Force  (gained from Slifer). However, Mahad activates  Dark Magic Portal , absorbing the attack & redirecting it back towards a cave pillar. As it falls, it is about to crush the  Millennium Stone , so Bakura orders Diabound to stop the crash. As its immobilized, Mahad uses this chance to attack Diabound directly. Bakura, not giving up, reminds the Pharaoh about what  Hassan  said about  Zorc .
 Bakura then summons  Skeleton Fiend  to protect the Stone, and uses  Camouflage of Dark  to conceal Diabound. Mahad repeatedly uses its  Dark Magic Attack , opening up holes in the cave for the sunlight to come in and reveal Diabound. He then casts the attack again for a couple direct hits, so Bakura loses part of his life energy. At this point, Bakura calls upon the spirits of Kul Elna to replenish his life force and augment his power. This allows Diabound to become even stronger, and the Mahad's attacks no longer have any effect on him. It counter-attacks with  Spiral Wave , then with  Lightning Blast  (also courtesy of Slifer) .  Just as Mahas is about to be destroyed,  Dark Magician Girl  (controlled by Mana) arrives in the nick of time to save him.
 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 Isis Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Spiria 
 
 Thief King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Skeleton Fiend 
 Diabound 
 
 Shada Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 
 Mana Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 Pharaoh Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician  ( Mahad ) 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Yugioh209.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071229174736']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes