Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Nekroz_of_Brionac


 
 
 Nekroz of Brionac ブリューナクの 影霊衣 
 
 English 
Nekroz of Brionac 
 French 
 Nékroz de Brionac Check translation 
 German 
 Nekroz von Brionac Check translation 
 Italian 
 Nekroz di Brionac Check translation 
 Korean 
 브류나크의 네크로즈 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Necroz de Brionac Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Necroz de Brionac Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ブリューナクのネクロス Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 ブリューナクの影霊衣 Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Buryūnaku no Nekurosu 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 WATER   
 Types 
 Warrior  /  Ritual  /  Effect 
 Level 
 6   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 2300  /  1400 
 Passcode 
 26674724 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Summon 
 Summon 
 Condition 
 Ignition 
 Ignition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
You can  Ritual Summon  this card with any " Nekroz "  Ritual Spell . Must be  Ritual Summoned , without using "Nekroz of Brionac". You can only use each of these  effects  of "Nekroz of Brionac"  once per turn . ● You can  discard  this card;  add  1 "Nekroz"  monster  from your  Deck  to your  hand , except "Nekroz of Brionac". ● You can  target  up to 2  face-up  monsters on the  field  that were  Special Summoned  from the  Extra Deck ;  shuffle  them into the Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Vous pouvez Invoquer Rituellement cette carte avec une Magie Rituelle "Nékroz". Uniquement Invocable Rituellement, sans utiliser "Nékroz de Brionac". Vous ne pouvez utiliser chacun de ces effets de "Nékroz de Brionac" qu'une fois par tour. ● Vous pouvez défausser cette carte ; ajoutez 1 monstre "Nékroz" ("Nékroz de Brionac" exclu) depuis votre Deck à votre main. ● Vous pouvez cibler max. 2 monstres face recto sur le Terrain qui ont été Invoqués Spécialement depuis l'Extra Deck ; mélangez-les dans le Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Du kannst diese Karte mit einem beliebigen „Nekroz“-Ritualzauber als Ritualbeschwörung beschwören. Muss als Ritualbeschwörung beschworen werden, ohne „Nekroz von Brionac“ zu verwenden. Du kannst jeden dieser Effekte von „Nekroz von Brionac“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. ● Du kannst diese Karte abwerfen; füge deiner Hand 1 „Nekroz“-Monster von deinem Deck hinzu, außer „Nekroz von Brionac“. ● Du kannst bis zu 2 offene Monster auf dem Spielfeld wählen, die als Spezialbeschwörung vom Extra Deck beschworen wurden; mische sie ins Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Puoi Evocare tramite Rituale questa carta con qualsiasi Magia Rituale "Nekroz". Deve essere Evocato tramite Rituale, senza utilizzare "Nekroz di Brionac". Puoi utilizzare ognuno di questi effetti di "Nekroz di Brionac" una sola volta per turno. ● Puoi scartare questa carta; aggiungi 1 mostro "Nekroz" dal tuo Deck alla tua mano, eccetto "Nekroz di Brionac". ● Puoi scegliere come bersaglio fino a 2 mostri scoperti sul Terreno che sono stati Evocati Specialmente dall'Extra Deck; mischiali nel Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Você pode Invocar este card por Invocação-Ritual com qualquer Magia de Ritual "Necroz". Deve ser Invocado por Invocação-Ritual sem usar "Necroz de Brionac". Você só pode usar cada um desses efeitos de "Necroz de Brionac" uma vez por turno. ● Você pode descartar este card; adicione 1 monstro "Necroz" do seu Deck à sua mão, exceto "Necroz de Brionac". ● Você pode escolher até 2 monstros com a face para cima no campo que foram Invocados por Invocação-Especial do Deck Adicional; embaralhe-os no Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Puedes Invocar esta carta por Ritual con cualquier Mágica de Ritual "Necroz". Debe ser Invocada por Ritual sin usar "Necroz de Brionac". Sólo puedes usar cada uno de estos efectos de "Necroz de Brionac" una vez por turno. ● Puedes descartar esta carta; añade a tu mano 1 monstruo "Necroz" en tu Deck, excepto "Necroz de Brionac". ● Puedes seleccionar hasta 2 monstruos boca arriba en el Campo que fueron Invocados de Modo Especial desde el Deck Extra; barájalos al Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「影霊衣」儀式魔法カードにより降臨。「ブリューナクの影霊衣」以外のモンスターのみを使用した儀式召喚でしか特殊召喚できない。このカード名の①②の効果はそれぞれ１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：このカードを手札から捨てて発動できる。デッキから「ブリューナクの影霊衣」以外の「影霊衣」モンスター１体を手札に加える。②： ＥＸ デッキから特殊召喚されたフィールドのモンスターを２体まで対象として発動できる。そのモンスターを持ち主のデッキに戻す。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "네크로즈" 의식 마법 카드에 의해 의식 소환. "브류나크의 네크로즈" 이외의 몬스터만을 사용한 의식 소환으로밖에 특수 소환할 수 없다. 이 카드명의 ①②의 효과는 각각 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 이 카드를 패에서 버리고 발동할 수 있다. 덱에서 "브류나크의 네크로즈" 이외의 "네크로즈" 몬스터 1장을 패에 넣는다. ②: 엑스트라 덱에서 특수 소환된 필드의 몬스터를 2장까지 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 몬스터를 주인의 덱으로 되돌린다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-EN014 The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-03 DUPO-EN086 Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-FR014 The Secret Forces Les Forces Secrètes Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-FR086 Duel Power Le Pouvoir du Duel Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-DE014 The Secret Forces The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-DE086 Duel Power Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-IT014 The Secret Forces Le Forze Segrete Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-IT086 Duel Power l Potere del Duello Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2015-02-13 THSF-PT014 The Secret Forces As Forças Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-PT086 Duel Power O Poder do Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-SP014 The Secret Forces Las Fuerzas Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-SP086 Duel Power El Poder del Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP014 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Super Rare 2020-12-05 SLT1-JP015 Selection 10 ＳＥＬＥＣＴＩＯＮ １０ Common 2020-12-05 SLT1-JP015 Selection 10 ＳＥＬＥＣＴＩＯＮ １０ Normal Parallel Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR014 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Super Rare 2021-03-19 SLT1-KR015 Selection 10 셀렉션 텐 Common 2021-03-19 SLT1-KR015 Selection 10 셀렉션 텐 Normal Parallel Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Nekroz 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Nekroz 
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Ice Barrier 
 
 Actions  
 Discards itself for cost 
 Adds from Deck to hand 
 Returns from field to Deck 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Nomi 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 11484 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Ice Barrier " 「 氷 結 界 」 Members 
 Blizzed, Defender of the Ice Barrier Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier Dewdark of the Ice Barrier Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Raiho of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Geomancer of the Ice Barrier Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Token Judge of the Ice Barrier Medium of the Ice Barrier Numbing Grub in the Ice Barrier Pilgrim of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Royal Knight of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Samurai of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Zero Dragon of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Mirror of the Ice Barrier Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Support 
 Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Judge of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Terror of Trishula Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Related 
 Blizzard Warrior Evilswarm Bahamut Evilswarm Ophion Evilswarm Ouroboros Gishki Noellia Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Trishula Reese the Ice Mistress Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment 
 Battle of the Elements 
 
   
" Nekroz " 「 影霊衣 」 Members 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Support 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Catastor Ally of Justice Decisive Armor Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Construct Fabled Valkyrus Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Emilia Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Mist Bird Clausolas Naelshaddoll Ariel Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth Speaker for the Ice Barriers The Fabled Unicore Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/NekrozofBrionac-DUPO-EN-UR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20200830172626', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918052107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards