Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_042


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 042 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 集結！赤き竜の戦士たち 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shūketsu! Akaki Ryū no Senshi-tachi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Gather! Warriors of the Crimson Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 The Signs of Time 
 
 
 Number 
 042 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 21, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 July 18, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kazuyuki Kobayashi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " 
 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Signs of Time" , known in Japan as  "Gather! Warriors of the Crimson Dragon"  is the forty second episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . It first aired in Japan on January 21, 2009.
 4Kids  skipped 6 episodes in their original run of the English dub, as they aired this episode directly after  episode 35 .
 Rex Goodwin  invites the  Signers  to his home and reveals to them the secret of the  Crimson Dragon , as well as the connection between the Signers and the  Dark Signers . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   The truth about Arcadia Movement 
 1.2   Goodwin's invitation 
 1.3   History of the Signers 
 1.4   History of the Dark Signers 
 1.5   The truth about the Dark Signers 
 
 
 2   Differences in adaptations 
 3   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 The truth about Arcadia Movement 
 Mina  shows  Yusei  and  Akiza  a video. On screen children undergo fearful and painful experiments.  Mina  tells the two that they had recovered the video from the half-destroyed  Arcadia Movement  headquarters. She informs them that the video contains files on how these children had been abducted from their families and subject to live testing. In one video, a child activates a " Hinotama " card on the test field, obliterating a pillar with the resulting fireball. With that in mind, Akiza remembers what  Misty  had said about her brother and wonders if he had been one of such children abducted by the Arcadia Movement. Yusei notices something is on her mind.
 Mina continues and explains that the  Security Maintenance Bureau  have investigated the case, but the video alone should be sufficient evidence. Mina steps in front of Akiza and tells her that  Sayer  picked those with more elevated powers and formulated a plan to refine them in a way that would allow them to use their powers outside of dueling, so he could commandeer them as soldiers in war stricken parts of the world.
 Mina flips her holographic chart around and shows Akiza that she was listed as one of them. Taken by the terrible news, Akiza dashes out of the room crying. Mina shouts after her that she can turn her eyes and cover her ears all she likes, but it won't change the truth. After Mina finishes yelling, Yusei turns and walks after Akiza.
 Yusei catches up to Akiza at a table, next to a window overlooking the city. Akiza tells him that she's still glad; Having Sayer accept her outweighed the fact that he had been using her for her powers. Yusei says that he understands and cannot reject Akiza, as he has no right to reject anyone. One thing he is sure of is that there are people who trust and need Akiza. Rolling back his sleeve, he reveals his  Mark of the Dragon  and tells Akiza that they are friends. Akiza smiles and repeats "friends" as she clasps her glove over her own mark.
 
 Goodwin's invitation 
 A limousine drops the 4 known  Signers  with Mina and  Leo  at  Rex Goodwin's  mansion. Goodwin comes out and bows, saying he is pleased to meet them. Yusei,  Jack  and the twins are unmoved by his performance. Jack indicates his mistrust for Goodwin as he calls him shady to the core. Akiza whispers to Yusei, to ask him why they came, considering Goodwin had held his friends hostage and forced him to enter the  Fortune Cup . Yusei replies that although he doesn't trust him, with the world on the brink of destruction to phenomena only Goodwin knows the truth about, he has no other option but to come along.
 Leo steps up to Goodwin and asks what he wants from them. Goodwin remarks on how Leo wasn’t invited. Not being a Signer, Goodwin has no business with Leo and asks him to leave.  Luna  interjects and clutches onto her brother saying that she won't go in without him. Seeing no immediate other way around it, Goodwin allows him to enter.
 Goodwin leads the four Signers and Leo through an ancient corridor underneath his mansion. He tells them that the King was down here before, but Jack reminds him that he is no longer King.
 The six enter a room. After the doors close, the room lights up and the setting changes to that of the  Stairway to the Dragon Star , surrounded by the glowing  Crimson Dragon  glyph. Yusei, Akiza and the twins stare in awe as they recognize the complete Mark of the Dragon carved above an arch. Jack, being familiar with the scene, stands unstirred.
 Goodwin says that they are correct it is indeed the symbol of the Signers, which has been passed down as the legend of the People of the Stars. The Signer's birthmarks all begin to glow, in advent to the  Crimson Dragon , who then appears around the stairway.
 
 History of the Signers 
 Yusei remembers he and Jack's first encounter with the Crimson Dragon. Goodwin says that the two had been guided to the Domino City by the Crimson Dragon.
 Yusei and Jack both disagree. Yusei says that he had thought it was Goodwin who had set them up. Jack says that they were settling the scores and the Crimson Dragon had nothing to do with it. Goodwin replies that that in itself is the fate derived by the power of the Crimson Dragon and that he himself did nothing than conduct his actions according to the dragon's guidance.
 Yusei asks if he expects them to believe this. Goodwin replies that it is up to them to whether or not they believe his story and that as long as they are Signers, they cannot escape from this fate. Akiza reflects on the pain caused by her powers, wondering if it is deemed the "fate of the Signers". Goodwin reminds her that she wouldn't have met the other Signers. The birthmark is bestowed on duelists chosen by the Crimson Dragon.
 Goodwin continues and says that the fate of the Signers joined and guides them all their fates, including Luna. Luna remembers her first visit to the  Duel Monsters Spirit World . Back then she'd never wondered if there was any reason to her being brought there, but now she knows saving  Ancient Fairy Dragon  is not just her fate, but her desire. (In the dub, Leo comments on it being boring, and Luna chastises him for interrupting.)
 Goodwin says that they cannot deny, that they share the same birthmark and they are chosen as the reincarnation of the legendary Signers. Whether they like it or not, thousands of years ago it had been promised that they would all encounter as so, while at the mercy of destiny. The Crimson Dragon howls as it vanishes, causing the Signers' birthmarks to stop glowing.
 Leo remembers that there's one Signer missing and Luna asks where the final Signer is. Goodwin tells them that the last Signer was awakened long ago, which shocks everyone. (In the dub, Goodwin promises that the 5th signer is ready to join the fight, but has to keep their identity secret for security reasons.) Remembering back to  when he tapped into the power of the fifth birthmark , Goodwin says that the fifth Signer, along with the Crimson Dragon is most likely to appears when the other 4 Signers are in danger. Yusei asks what he means, but Goodwin simply says that before long they will know. 
 Raising his hand high, Goodwin changes the setting to that of the  Nazca Lines , prior to their  disappearance .
 
 History of the Dark Signers 
 Goodwin tells the tale of the  Dark Signers ; the Crimson Dragon sealed  evil incarnates  within the Earth, and the seals became known as the  Nazca Lines . This truth has been forbidden by history and only passed down to "us".
 The Spider Nazca Line below the lights up, as Goodwin explains that recently the lines have disappeared from the plains. The lit-up glyph below them disappears and Goodwin states that this is the  Dark Signers  doing.
 Yusei remembers his first Duel against a Dark Signer, as Goodwin explains that they possess birthmarks similar to the Signers. Remembering being surrounded by a purple wall of light and tossed around after taking attacks, Yusei describes the nature of  Shadow Dueling  and their  Dark Synchro Monsters , which defy logic with their  negative Levels . Since their own dueling is used to is based on the power of life, Goodwin sees it fitting that the Dark Signers' would be based on the powers of the Netherworld.
 When a Dark Signer appears, a geoglyph will surely follow, Goodwin adds and states that their arrival has now put all of New Domino City in a life-or-death crisis. Yusei agrees as he remembers his Duel against  Kalin Kessler , where people in  Satellite  were taken in order for Kalin to bring out his  Earthbound Immortal . Yusei describes their disappearance as them being slain and is angered that it is being refereed to as a sacrifice. Leo and Luna are frightened on hearing this. 
 Goodwin says that their actions have already exceeded his calculations; the geoglyphs have appeared on the city too and caused many casualties. Yusei had already assumed this had happened, but is upset finally hearing the horrible truth confirmed. Goodwin says that the phenomenon Yusei saw in Satellite also occurred in New Domino City and because of the monsters that appeared from the geoglyphs, hundreds of people that were in their vicinity are currently unaccounted for. The Signers and Leo are shocked on hearing this.
 The setting changes to the  Dark Signers attack on the Arcadia Movement building . Goodwin confirms that the creatures attacking the building are also Earthbound Immortals; Gods which are summoned by the Dark Signers, by sacrificing people. Jack demands to know what became of those sacrificed. Goodwin however replies that he does not know. Jack is distressed, as he remembers finding  Carly's  glasses after the Earthbound Immortals' appearance.
 Rex says that the situation requires immediate action and if they stand idly by, all the people of Satellite and New Domino City will fall into the clutches of the Dark Signers and the entire city will collapse, just like the vision the Signers had during the  Fortune Cup . This information frightens even Luna and Leo, who are worried for the safety of  Dexter ,  Yanagi  and  Tanner .
 Goodwin says that battle was unavoidable from the start and that the Signers and the Dark Signers are like light and dark. The only people who can defeat the Dark Signers and save the world from destruction are the Signers. During Goodwin's explanation, Akiza remembers more of her troubled past and how back then she didn't see life in the city as enjoyable. But since Yusei changed her ways, she now fears for her parents. Jack says he doesn't care about fate and that he decides what he himself what he should do. Yusei glares at Jack and remembers what  Martha  had said about letting his friends help him. He feels she is right and the upcoming battle cannot be fought alone.
 
 The truth about the Dark Signers 
 Yusei tells Rex that he met his friend Kalin, who he believed to be dead, but is now a Dark Signer, after his return to Satellite. Yusei and Jack describe the Duel, how he had gathered people to use as sacrifices to summon his Earthbound Immortal, which was extremely powerful and had the Duel not been interrupted by Yusei's  Duel Runner  not broke, he would have lost his life.
 Yusei asks how Kalin became a Dark Signer. Jack too demands to know this and what the Dark Signers are, but Goodwin feels it may be best if they don't know. Jack demands Goodwin drop the nonsense as he and Yusei have to face their former friend. Yusei says that he is prepared to risk his life to save the city and Satellite and "if there's a way to return Kalin and the others…" Goodwin interrupts him and says that there is no way to revert Dark Signers to their former selves. Yusei asks once again what he means. Goodwin states the Dark Signers are the souls of the dead, who have awakened to their abilities, in other words they are no longer of this world. Everyone worries over hearing this, but Jack argues back that dead people cannot be brought back to life. Goodwin simply states that it is. The negative Level of the Dark Synchro Monsters is proof that the Dark Signers are messengers of the Netherworld. (In the dub, Jack insists that Goodwin was keeping a secret and Yusei said he wanted to know everything about the Dark Signers. Goodwin says they don't, and that they never lost a Duel, unlike the Shadow Drones, and that victory might be impossible. However, in spite of that, he implores them to continue on in fighting.)
 As a final statement Goodwin says that destiny is in motion, that there's no turning back now and the Signers must decide now if they want to defeat the Dark Signers or let the world perish, because time is running out for them. The setting reverts to the stairway and Goodwin exits the room.
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the original,  Akiza Izinski  (Aki) has a flashback about talking to  Dark Signer   Misty  whereas in the dub, she is talking to Misty before their duel. 
 In the original, the child taken by the  Arcadia Movement  didn't say that "he didn't sign up for this". 
 In the dub,  Mina  (Mikage) says that the boy isn't in any pain and it's his Psychic Powers creating the electricity. In the original, he was in pain and the electricity was a creation of the Arcadia Movement's equipment. 
 In the dub, all flames in  Akiza's  (Aki's) flashback are recolored purple. 
 In the original,  Akiza  (Aki) was thinking about what she's done in her head, in the dub she narrates it out loud. 
 In the original, the  Dark Signers  wanted to kill the  Signers , in the dub they simply want to send the  Signers  to the "Netherworld". 
 In the original, the  Dark Signers  need peoples souls to summon their  Earthbound Immortal , in the dub the  Dark Signers  simply needed peoples' "Sadness" to summon their  Earthbound Immortal . 
 In the original,  Rex Goodwin  didn't know that  Carly  had disappeared or who she was. 
 In the dub, Goodwin implies that there is still hope for the Dark Signers to return to what they once were. 
 In the original,  Kalin  (Kiryu) was arrested for killing a member of  Sector Security , in the dub he was arrested for simply dueling a member of  Sector Security . 
 In the original when the gang heads into Goodwin's mansion, when Goodwin calls Jack "King" Jack replies that was another person and that he isn't the king anymore, to which Goodwin replies he shall be so bold as to call him Jack Atlas from now on. In the dub, Jack said last time he came here he was left with more questions than answers, and Goodwin says it's good to see he didn't lose his humor. 
 Featured cards 
 Unlike the other episodes of the Dark Signers Arc, which only have one featured card out of five possible candidates, this episode has  Ancient Fairy Dragon ,  Red Dragon Archfiend ,  Stardust Dragon ,  Black Rose Dragon , and  Power Tool Dragon  as the Featured Cards, however  Stardust Dragon , being the card in the center (where the other Featured Cards appear), was the only one to appear on the TV Tokyo website.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blizzard Lizard 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Rockstone Warrior 
 Violet Witch 
 Gemini monsters 
 Gigaplant Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 Frozen Fitzgerald 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Synchro 
 Hinotama 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Savage Colosseum 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Descending Lost Star 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/YGO5Ds042.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304052515']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes