Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Battle_City_Rules

The  Battle City Rules , known as the  Super Expert Rules  in the manga, were enforced by  Seto Kaiba  and  Mokuba Kaiba  during the second season of  Yu-Gi-Oh!  during the  Battle City  tournament. They are as follows:
 
 Participants must have a ranking of at least five out of eight stars (manga and original anime) or level three out of five (English dub anime) to receive a free  Duel Disk , which is required to participate. 
 Players must play with a  Deck  of at least forty cards, with at least one rare card in it. [1] 
 Players begin with 4000  Life Points . 
 Players can only have up to 6 cards in his or her  hand  unless the card " Infinite Cards " is in play on his/her side of the field. In the manga, the hand limit is 7. [2] 
 Players have a maximum of five minutes to think during their turn. 
 One  Normal Summon  is allowed per player per turn.  Monsters  can be Summoned in  face-up   Attack Position , face-up  Defense Position  or  face-down  Defense Position. 
 Level  4 or below monsters can be Summoned during a Normal Summon. 
 Level 5-6 monsters needed one  Tribute  in order to Normal Summon. 
 Level 7-9 monsters required two Tributes to Normal Summon. 
 Level 10+ monsters required three  Tributes  to normal summon (e.g " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", Level 10). 
 When a  Fusion Monster  is Tributed, that monster is counted as a number of monsters equal to the number of  Fusion Material  Monsters that were used. [3] 
 Fusion Monsters must wait one turn after they are  Summoned  before they can attack, though the " Quick Attack " card can be used to circumvent this. [4]  In the manga, any monster  Ritual Summoned  or  Special Summoned  from the Graveyard also cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. 
 If a player has no monsters on their field, their opponent can  attack directly . 
 Each player must  ante  at least their rarest card and a minimum of one Locator Card in their possession. The winner of the Duel obtains their opponent's rarest card and Locator Card, as wagered. 
 The contents of either player's  Graveyards  are not public knowledge, and an opponent may not look through their opponent's Graveyard. 
 If you have to  discard  cards from your hand or Deck, you do not have to show them to your opponent. 
 You must stick to the tournament's list of  forbidden  and  limited  cards. Cards that directly damage [note 1]  players or monsters, such as " Raigeki " and " Hinotama " were forbidden. [5] [6]  Only one copy of " Monster Reborn " could be included in one's Deck. [7] 
 Certain cards that enabled players to  Special Summon  one specific  Type  of monster(s) can affect both sides of the field (" Dark Magic Curtain " and " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", for example). [8] [9] 
 Players were not allowed to use two or more  Magic Cards  of the same name that increase a card's ATK points within the same turn. [10] 
 The opponent can activate a card or card effect before the turn player draws a card during their Draw Phase. 
 If a monster is offered as a Tribute by the effect of another card while being attacked by an opponent's monster, the enemy's attack is  negated . The Japanese version of the anime and manga calls this rule, "Sacrifice Escape". 
 Replays  are not an established mechanic. While a direct attack is occurring because the attacked player controls no monsters, if the attacked player adds a monster to their side of the field, that monster intercepts the attack; if a monster is targeted for an attack, but it leaves the field before  damage calculation , the attack ends. 
 Players can Set  Field Spell Cards  in their  Spell & Trap Card Zones  but when they activate them, they get moved to the  Field Zone . 
 Field Spell Cards can be activated during the Battle Phase. 
 A non-Quick Play Spell Card can be activated during the Battle Phase. 
 A Set non-Quick Play Spell Card can be activated during your opponent's turn. 
 When a Spell or Trap is destroyed by a card effect, it is negated even if the card that destroyed the Spell/Trap doesn't negate its effects. 
 A monster that becomes an Equip Card is treated as both a monster and an Equip Card. 
 Effects that require the player and the opponent to have cards in their hand can be activated even if one of the players has no cards in their hand. [11] 
 Tokens  do not take up a  Monster Zone . 
 When a Token is Summoned, it becomes the attack target instead. 
 When a card is sent to the Graveyard, it is sent to the  controller's  Graveyard, not the  owner's . 
 In the manga, players could only control up to 5 cards of any type at a time. 
 In the manga, players have certain restrictions of activating and Setting Spell and Trap Cards.
 One can activate only 1 Spell Card from their hand per turn. 
 One can Set only 1 Spell Card per turn. 
 One can Set only 1 Trap Card per turn. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In this context, "directly" seems to mean "without condition". e.g. cards with activation requirements such as  Nightmare Mirror  are permitted. 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 54: " Obelisk the Tormentor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 66: " Mime Control, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 130: " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 65: " Mime Control, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 133: " The Unwanted Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 75: " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 138: " The Final Face Off - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 62: " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 133: " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 5 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 58: " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 72: " Double Duel, Part 3 " 
 
 
 v e 
Anime and manga gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (first series) 
 Gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 Gameplay 
 Duelist Kingdom  -  Battle City Virtual World  -  Waking the Dragons Pyramid of Light  -  Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Gameplay 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Ground Duel 
 Turbo Duel 
 Duel Puzzle 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal 
 Duel Coaster 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Gameplay