Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jinlon


 
 Jinlon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Number 46: Dragluon 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Jinlon 
 
 
 Other names  
 Dragluon 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Guardian (English) [1] Noble Dragon (English) [1] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ジンロン 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Dragon 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 105: " Put to the Test: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenichi Ogata 
 
 
 
 Jinlon  is the spirit form and  Number Guardian  of " Number 46: Dragluon " in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He was also  Mizar 's partner dragon in the past.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Abilities 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Jinlon's human form     
 Jinlon's human form is a stout man with his most notable features being his long white beard and braided ponytail, tied at the end by a blue ribbon. His attire consists of a red and black ceremonial robe tied around at his waist which he wears over a gray shirt. He also wears dark green pants and sandals with white socks. He also sports a brown, carved walking stick which transforms into his  Duel Disk  when he Duels. His true form is " Number 46: Dragluon ".
 
       Lineart of Jinlon's dragon form.     
 Abilities 
 Jinlon can sense Dragon spirits such as " Galaxy-Eyes " and they respond to his dragon spirit. His eyes turn green when he is sensing them.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, Jinlon occasionally makes similes about animals.
 
 Etymology 
 Appropriately, Jinlon's name in Chinese means "Golden Dragon".
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Jinlon meets  Mizar .     
 Jinlon met  Mizar  after the latter's village was destroyed in a military strike. Having no where to go with the death of his parents, Mizar wandered into the desert and nearly died of dehydration. He came across the " Number 46: Dragluon " card and from it emerged Jinlon, who saved Mizar's life. [2] 
 Jinlon served Mizar in the past as his pet dragon and guardian of the land. He was later accused of a deluge that flooded the land by a  wandering shaman  which spurred the villagers to attack, only for Mizar to come to his defense. He was killed along with his master in a surprise ambush by a neighboring army to whom the shaman secretly worked for, which left the land open to the army's invasion (In the dub, Don Thousand also falsified their memories, making Jinlon believed that Mizar betrayed and assisted the villagers in killing him). He was eventually reborn as a  Number's Guardian , while his master became a  Barian  with no recollection of his past life. [1] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
         Jinlon vs.  Kite .     
 After scaling a mountain,  Yuma Tsukumo  and his friends approached a temple which rested upon its peak. Upon entering the courtyard, Yuma was enticed by the aroma of cooking food, but he was quickly stopped by Jinlon who assaulted him with his walking stick. He then noticed that  Kite Tenjo  was a Dragon Tamer and their dragons resonated with one another. Jinlon mentioned that Kite was similar to "someone" who lived inside the palace long ago. When  Astral  inquired if the person was named " Mizar ", Jinlon confirmed it and accepted Kite's challenge to see if the young man had what it took to earn the " Number ". Jinlon began a  Duel  with Kite, with both sides putting their  ace   Dragons  up as antes. Jinlon managed to get an early start,  Xyz Summoning  " Number 46: Dragluon " as well as protecting it with a combination of " Armed Protector Dragon " and " Dragon Shield ". However, this was quickly overcome by Kite who used " Book of Moon " to get around his strategy. Jinlon quickly overcame his loss,  Summoning  " Soul Drain Dragon " with 8000  ATK , pushing Kite into a corner. [3] 
 Kite was able to get himself out of the dilemma and was ultimately able to defeat Jinlon. Jinlon then acknowledged Kite as a Dragon master and told him the legend of the ruins and Mizar's connection to it and him. As Jinlon awarded Kite the "Number", Mizar suddenly appeared and attacked Jinlon, angrily denying his connection to him and his apparent past life as a human. Jinlon transported Kite and his friends to safety, appearing to him in his true form and explained the ancient battle between  Astral  and  Don Thousand  that almost destroyed the Earth. He left his Mythyrian "Number" card to Kite, asking him not to let the battle repeat itself again. [1] 
 During Kite's second rematch against Mizar, Jinlon was Summoned by the former. He revealed Mizar's true memories as a human to Kite. [2] 
 
 
 Deck 
 Jinlon plays a  Dragon  Deck , focusing on  swarm  and  beatdown  tactics centered on " Number 46: Dragluon ", which enables him to negate the effects of his opponent's Dragons, and Summon additional Dragons of his own.
 
 
 Anime Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Protector Dragon 
 Mythic Tree Dragon 
 Mythic Water Dragon 
 Soul Drain Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 46: Dragluon [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dragon Shield 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon [Notes 2] 
 Traps 
 Dragon Dance 
 Dragon's Rebirth [Notes 2] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 105 - 106 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 106: " Put to the Test: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 105: " Put to the Test: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Kite Tenjo  in  episode 106 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 106 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Jinlong_as_a_dragon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131015094725', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Jinlong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130526232528', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/JinlonDragonLineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140903060808', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/Jinlongandmizael1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131229124715', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/KaitovsJinlong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130526232538']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters, Duel Monster Spirits