Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_059


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 059 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ハノイ 再 始 動 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hanoi Saishidō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Hanoi Returns 
 
 
 English 
 Return of the Hanoi 
 
 
 Number 
 059 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 11, 2018 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 1, 2019 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " BOY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tachihara Masaki 
 
 
 Director 
 Yamamoto Ryuta 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Eran 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Noh Gil-bo 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Memory Games " 
 " Sidekick Showdown " 
 
 
 
 
 " Return of the Hanoi ", known as   " Hanoi Returns " in the original version is the fifty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on July 11, 2018. It aired on December 1, 2019 on Teletoon. This episode is a clip show.
 Baira , one of the masterminds behind  the Deleted , is currently locked away in a prison and placed under strict security.  A certain man  pays her a visit...
 
 Summary 
 In an offshore high-security prison, a security guard swoons over a camera shot of one of the prisoners being held, and is caught on the act by his colleague, who says that the prisoner is a  Knight of Hanoi , elaborating that she is the mastermind behind  The Deleted , a virus that corrupted people's minds and knocked them out. Hence, she is dangerous enough to be placed in a higher-security cell than other prisoners. The security guard's colleague says they should be thankful that the Knights of Hanoi are no more. 
 The voices of  Specter  and  Faust  mention their sighting of another  Ignis , and its human partner they recognize as  Soulburner . They also mention that the  Cyberse World  was destroyed, but not by the Knights of Hanoi. Specter and Faust materialize fully inside Hanoi's base, aware of another anti-Ignis force that they could ally with. Faust doubts that, otherwise they would not have to work secretly. The Knights of Hanoi are still blamed for their attempt to destroy  LINK VRAINS .  Dr. Genome  appears, agreeing with Faust. Finally,  Varis  appears to his subordinates, declaring that he has uncovered Soulburner's identity as Theodore Hamilton. Dr. Genome claims that it would be the perfect opportunity to seize him and his Ignis. Faust wonders why they didn't do this from the start. Varis says none of them saw the bigger picture, and Soulburner's identity was only discovered through careful tracing of  Playmaker 's every move. 
 Varis suggests continuing to monitor Soulburner and Playmaker in case they find the other Ignis. But before that, they need to refresh what they know so far. Faust knows of the new duelist in  LINK VRAINS  named  Bohman , especially  what he did  to  Jin Kolter . Varis claims that what Bohman did was similar to  Baira 's The Deleted, but Specter says it was more effective. Dr. Genome quips that Specter should be lucky Baira isn't around to hear that. Faust concedes that they don't know much else about Bohman after this. Dr. Genome thinks Bohman must be a very high-quality avatar if it is able to emerge into the real world. Faust therefore concludes that Bohman must be a hacker with comparable skills to the Knights of Hanoi, and might have some connection to the  Lost Incident  due to specifically targeting Jin. 
 Varis thinks Playmaker didn't care about the Lost Incident, and only went after Bohman to retrieve Jin's soul. Faust then mentions Bohman's secret weapon: a  Skill  that lets him activate a Spell directly from his Deck. Faust elaborates that it is a Spell with  Link Arrows  of its own. Specter thinks it might be an invention of  SOL Technologies , and wonders if Bohman is associated. Faust thinks Bohman and his associate would not breach their own security in order to escape. As for SOL themselves, they  formed a team of bounty hunters  to go after Playmaker, and even recruited  The Gore . But Varis knew Playmaker wasn't alone at the time.  Soulburner kept Gore occupied  so that Playmaker would continue. Knowing of Gore's defeat, Specter is worried about Soulburner's potential as a duelist. Faust, however, brushes off Specter's worries as he reveals that Playmaker and Soulburner went to the dangerous "restricted area" of LINK VRAINS. 
 Specter laughs instead, saying that no one would risk their accounts for going to a restricted access zone. Varis counters that the restricted area may be the perfect place for duelists to hide. He has analyzed the area's digital signature, and found that it matched the blueprint of an Ignis algorithm. Varis knows that the restricted area was created by an Ignis, and therefore, Bohman has a connection to it. Dr. Genome wants to know what role  The Shepherd  has, knowing of him as the most successful bounty hunter in recent times. Dr. Genome knows that  Shepherd and his mother were involved in an accident caused by a self-driving car .  Faust claims that his role was driven by revenge against artificial intelligence. Varis is impressed to hear of Shepherd's ambitions matching those of the Knights of Hanoi. Specter warns against trusting Shepherd, and Faust says it's because he failed to catch Playmaker. 
 Even Varis knows that Playmaker and Soulburner, upon entering the restricted area, could no longer be tracked. Specter claims the restricted area alone got rid of them, but Varis isn't so sure. He claims that the Ignis are building a new Cyberse World in the restricted area, and if they can do that, they are evolving faster than humans and becoming more dangerous. Varis also warns of Playmaker's skills, for they are also evolving.  The way Playmaker defeated Bohman , which was by  Ritual Summoning  a new monster, is recalled. Playmaker also used the  Fusion Summon  to defeat Shepherd. Varis claims that no one had combined the  Link Summon  with other summoning methods before Playmaker did. Specter agrees that they must work together to stop Playmaker once more, but adds that they are missing an important member of their team.
 The Knights of Hanoi leave the virtual realm and travel on Ryoken Kogami's speedboat towards the island prison. Having hacked the prison's security system, Aso locates Clarissa Turner's cell on the second floor. Dr. Genome, whose real name has never been identified, quips that he has also disabled the prison's cameras. Ryoken notes that the prison can still see them coming. Aso re-draws the prison guards' patrol routes to allow the Knights to enter and leave the prison without being seen, and also unlocks every gate leading up to Clarissa's cell. Upon docking, they navigate to Clarissa's cell undetected. Aso knows that they have to be quick, because in twenty minutes, their hacking would wear off. 
 Ryoken frees Clarissa, who manages to have a conversation before they leave. Suddenly, the cameras that the security guard from earlier was looking at, malfunction, revealing that their captive has disappeared. Before the guard can sound the alarm, all five Knights of Hanoi are already outside of the prison grounds. They transform into their virtual aliases and "detonate" the prison.
 Meanwhile, Yusaku is walking home. Yusaku tells  Ai  that they need to be patient, something Yusaku claims Ai lacks. Suddenly, Ai receives a signal from  Cal Kolter , and Yusaku hurries over. At  Café Nom , Cal shows Yusaku the breaking news feeds regarding Clarissa Turner's escape from prison. Yusaku remembers  Varis' parting words after his second defeat at the hands of Playmaker , and realizes that the Knights of Hanoi have returned. Cal is not impressed that three different parties are now after them, and Yusaku agrees, saying that their mission has become more difficult. 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. No cards debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Clock Wyvern 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Defcon Bird 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyberse Magician 
 Salamangreat Emerald Eagle Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyberse Clock Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Battledrone General 
 Clock Spartoi 
 Cyberse Witch 
 Dinowrestler King T Wrextle 
 Salamangreat Heatleo 
 Shootingcode Talker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Fusion 
 Cynet Ritual 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Rise of the Salamangreat 
 World Dino Wrestling 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Vrains_059.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180711211849']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes