Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Rafael%27s_first_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael's first Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael's First Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi Rafael 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Rafael 
 
 
 Event 
 Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 156  -  158 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi goes to duel against Rafael as the   message had indicated . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   The Truth of Doma 
 3   Rafael's Trap 
 4   Future Plan 
 5   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi Vs Rafael 
 6   Epilogue 
 7   Featured Cards 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yami   Duels   Rafael , 1 of the 3 Swordsmen of  Doma . He seeks to eliminate the  Pharaoh . He traps him in a sole patch of rock by cutting off the rope bridge and ensuring no-one can come in or out of the Duel Field. 
 Rafael demonstrates a calm composure and being a good speaker: upon being accused of being 'evil' by Yami, he calmly questions what he understands for 'justice' instead. He claims that History itself decides if the road Doma walks upon is evil or not. 
 Rafael reveals a Deck of  Guardian  Monsters, which were his sole companions when he was shipwrecked on an island for 3 years as a child, losing his parents, brother, and sister. He signals how some of his Cards are slightly blurry, revealing they got wet time before. He's replaced the backside so as not to be recognizable this way, but it doesn't change the fact that they've supported him.
 He always kept his Cards safe, and his current strategy reflects that bond -- he will pay any cost to keep his Monsters out of the Graveyard. He doesn't want to lose anyone else. One day he was shown a vision of a mysterious island and a voice --- Dartz's --- told him that, when he would understand everything, he would be allowed to come to his side. 
 When he was finally rescued from the island, he found the normal world depressing. That was when he was approached by  Dartz  and joined  Doma , hoping to find the answer to 'Fate' itself. 
 One of the Monsters,  Guardian Eatos , was his birthday present just before the wreck.
 On a side note,  Weevil  and  Rex  arrive in the midst of the Duel and look on. 
 Also, Yugi's friends realized that he had gone off alone:  Joey ,  Tristan  and  Duke Devlin  go looking for him.  Téa  and  Rebecca  stayed in the trailer to take care of  Professor Hawkins 
 The Truth of Doma 
 Rafael continues to deal Damage to Yami Yugi while diverting any attempts to destroy his Monsters. 
 He also reveals that Doma has shifted its aims recently: instead of promoting human civilization and history, it will instead 'reset' it. He confirms what Pegasus said: this organization has existed ever since the beginnings of human history and civilization and has been an observer and meddler. It sometimes pushes civilization forward and other times guides history by unfair means (wars, revolts, etc.). The "Lord" atop Doma is the one who commands them, and, in the past, he granted "Paradise" to the Land. 
 Rafael's speech also claims that their strength to recognize the 'Dark' of their hearts. He calmly exposes that, since the world's balance can defined as a set of scales, it's reasonable to put both 'Dark' and 'Light' into both plates. However, the 'Dark' is always ahead of the 'Light'. He defines humanity as "Guardians" of the Earth itself. 
 He also employs a subtle resource to make Yami doubt himself: was he really a fair King in the past, or was he a ruthless tyrant who caused wide-spread chaos? 
 Yami, being unable to affirm or deny the accusation, becomes nervous and doesn't want to accept that possibility: the vision he and  Seto Kaiba  had atop the Duel Tower at the Battle City Semi-Finals would really suit Rafael's description. 
 Rafael's Trap 
 Later Through the effect of Exchange, Rafael gives  The Seal of Orichalcos  to Yami.       Yami Yugi activated the  Seal of Orichalcos     
 The Fusion of Yami's patron Monsters,  Dark Magician Girl  and  The Eye of Timaeus , is rendered useless; unable to attack or defend. Rafael lets out that once the ATK value of the Monster either increases or decreases, the Trap will be Destroyed. 
 Yami Yugi delays the temptation, but he keeps taking Damage. When he is one Turn from having the rest of his Life Points taken away and doesn't find any other resource, he overrides Yugi's protests and activates the Seal.
 His companions spot a beam of light shooting out into the sky and use it to reach towards Yugi/Yami Yugi. 
 Future Plan 
 Rafael  uses " Monster Rebirth " in order to  Shuffle  " Guardian Grarl " from his  Graveyard  back into his  Deck .
 Since " Guardian Grarl " is seen no further in this  duel , some might doubt the utility of Rafael's move. It actually serves another purpose: It keeps Rafael's  Graveyard   Monster -free so that he can later use " Guardian Eatos's "  Effect  to  Special Summon  " Guardian Eatos " to the  Field . 
 When Yami's friends arrive, Joey demands of  Weevil  and  Rex Raptor  why Yami has the 'crest' of Orichalcos on his forehead, and both report that Yami decided to use the Card. 
 When Yami uses Catapult Turtle to tribute his monsters in a selfish attempt to win, Joey claims he can't recognize him anymore: that's not the Yugi he knew. 
 Towards the end of the Duel, before the Monsters in  Yami Yugi 's  Graveyard  go into " Guardian Eatos 's" sword, they are angry, hurt, and resentful towards  Yami  for using the " Orichalcos " for power.
 Dark Magician Girl even shows shock when she is tributed and is probably the most angry with Yami, as she counted on him to save them and not the other way around and most likely felt betrayed. 
 Rafael's plan hinged on defeating the Pharaoh and having him lose his soul via " The Seal of Orichalcos "; had the Seal not been played, Yugi would still lose, but his and  Yami 's souls would've been safe and Rafael's efforts would be ultimately futile. 
 Rafael and  Alister  depart the area in a chopper but not before returning Yugi's body to the others. Rafael announces that he'll soon come after Joey. 
 Yami comes to senses and realizes his mistake and cries in regret and frustration upon the loss of Yugi. 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi Vs Rafael 
 Turn 1: Rafael 
Rafael draws. He then activates " Guardian Treasure " to  discard  5 Cards and  draw  2 Cards. Now while "Guardian Treasure" is face-up, Rafael may Draw 1 extra Card from his  Deck  during each of his  Draw Phases . Rafael  Sets  a  monster  and Sets a Card.
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ". He then activates " Polymerization " to fuse " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " with " Berfomet " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " from his  Fusion Deck  (2100/1800) in  Attack Position . "Chimera"  attacks  Rafael's  Face-down  Monster. It's revealed to be " Backup Gardna " (500/2200) who is then flipped into face-up Defense Position. Since the latter monster's DEF is higher than "Chimera's" ATK, the attack fails ( Yami  4000 ? 3900).
 Turn 3: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of his " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then activates " Gravity Axe - Grarl ", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing the  ATK  of " Backup Gardna " by 500 (" Backup Gardna ": 500 ? 1000/2200). Since " Gravity Axe - Grarl " is on the  field  and " Guardian Grarl " is the only Card in Rafael's  Hand , he  Special Summons  "Grarl" (2500/1000) from his Hand in  Attack Position . Rafael then activates " Backup Gardna 's" effect to unequip its " Gravity Axe - Grarl " and equip it to " Guardian Grarl " instead (" Backup Gardna ": 1000 ? 500/2200; " Guardian Grarl ": 2500 ? 3000/1000). " Guardian Grarl " attacks &  destroys  Yami's " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " ( Yami  3900 ? 3000). Since "Chimera" was destroyed, Yami Yugi  Special Summons  " Berfomet " from his Graveyard (1400/1800) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Five Star Twilight " and subsequently activates it to Tribute "Berfomet" and  Special Summon  the 5 Kuriboh Brothers, " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " in  Attack Position  (300/200 for all). Yami Yugi then activates "Kuribah's" effect to  remove  " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " from play and  Special Summon  " Kuribabylon " (?/200) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of " Kuribabylon ", its  ATK  is the sum of the total  ATK  of all 5 Kuriboh Brothers (" Kuribabylon ": ? ? 1500/200). Yami Yugi then activates " Pump Up " to double " Kuribabylon 's"  ATK  for 1  turn  (" Kuribabylon ": 1500 ? 3000/200). 
 " Kuribabylon " attacks Rafael's " Guardian Grarl ", but Rafael activates the effect of " Rescuer from the Grave " from his  Graveyard , removing from play 5 Cards in his  Graveyard  in order to negate the attack and end the  Battle Phase . Yami Yugi then activates " Kuribabylon 's" effect to remove it from play and  Special Summon  the 5 Kuriboh Brothers, " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " from the Removed from Play Zone to the field in  Attack Position  (300/200 for all).
 Turn 5: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of his " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then Sets two Cards ("Exchange" and "Self Tribute") and activates " Purity of the Cemetery ". Now during each of Yami Yugi's  Standby Phases , Yami will receive 100  damage  for each Monster present in his  Graveyard . If there is a Monster in Rafael's Graveyard, " Purity of the Cemetery " will be Destroyed. "Guardian Grarl" attacks "Kuriboh" but Yami Activates " Kuribee 's" effect to negate the attack.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Pot of Greed". During the  Standby Phase , the effect of " Purity of the Cemetery " activates. Since Yami has 3 Monsters in  Graveyard  (" Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ", " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " and " Berfomet "), Rafael's " Purity of the Cemetery " deals 300 Damage to him ( Yami  3000 ? 2700). Yami Yugi then activates " Pot of Greed " to Draw two Cards. Yami Yugi then activates "Kuribah's" effect to remove from play " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " and  Special Summon  " Kuribabylon " from the Removed from Play Zone (?/200) in Attack Position. Due to " Kuribabylon 's" effect, its  ATK  is the sum of the  ATK  of all five Kuriboh brothers, i.e. 300 × 5 = 1500 (" Kuribabylon ": ? ? 1500/200). 
 Yami Yugi then Tributes " Kuribabylon " to Summon " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then activates " The Eye of Timaeus " to fuse it with " Dark Magician Girl " and Special Summon " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " (2600/1700) in Attack Position. " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " attacks Rafael's " Guardian Grarl ". Yami Yugi then activates " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight 's" effect to discard one Card from his hand and Destroy " Guardian Grarl " at the start of the Damage Step without applying Damage Calculation (although not shown, the card discarded was a monster due to what happens on Yami Yugi's next turn), but Rafael activates " Self Tribute " to pay 1000 Life Points ( Rafael  4000 ? 3000) and prevent " Guardian Grarl " from being destroyed.
 Turn 7: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of his " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then Sets a card. He then activates " Exchange " to force both players to exchange one card in their hand with a card from their opponent's hand. Since both Rafael and Yami have only one card in their hand, their choice is limited. Rafael takes Yami's " Necromancy "; Yami is given Rafael's " The Seal of Orichalcos ".
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. During the  Standby Phase , the effect of "Purity of the Cemetery" activates. Since Yugi has 5 Monsters in  Graveyard  (" Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ", " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast ", " Berfomet ", " Kuribabylon " and the monster he discarded with " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight "'s effect), " Purity of the Cemetery " deals 500 damage to him ( Yugi  2700 ? 2200). " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " attacks Rafael's " Guardian Grarl ", but Rafael activates " Crystal Seal " to prevent " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " from attacking, defending and being Tributed. If the  ATK  of " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " is changed by a Card Effect, " Crystal Seal " will be Destroyed. Also, if "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" is the only monster Yami controls, Rafael can attack him directly. Yami Yugi then Sets a Monster.
 Turn 9: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of his " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card (One of the cards Rafael just drew was "Rod of Silence - Kay'est"). Rafael then activates " Rod of Silence - Kay'est ", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing " Backup Gardna 's"  DEF  by 500 (" Backup Gardna ": 500/2200 ? 2700). Since " Rod of Silence - Kay'est " is on the Field, Rafael is allowed to Normal Summon " Guardian Kay'est " (1000/1800) in  Attack Position . " Guardian Grarl " attacks & destroys Yami's set monster. It's revealed to be " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600). Since Yami only Controls " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight ", " Guardian Kay'est " attacks Yami Yugi directly due to the effect of "Crystal Seal" ( Yugi  2200 ? 1200).
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Card of Sanctity". During the  Standby Phase , the effect of "Purity of the Cemetery" activates. Since Yami has 6 Monsters in  Graveyard  (" Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ", " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast ", " Berfomet ", " Kuribabylon ", " Dark Magician Girl " and " Big Shield Gardna "), " Purity of the Cemetery " deals 600 Damage to him ( Yugi  1200 ? 600). Yami Yugi  activates  " Card of Sanctity " to make him and  Rafael   draw  until both have 6 Cards in their  Hands . Yugi's hand now contains "Hand Control", "Dark Magician", "Sangan", "Magical Hats", "De-Fusion" and "The Seal of Orichalcos". Despite  Yugi Muto 's better judgment,  Yami Yugi  activates " The Seal of Orichalcos ". From now on, all of Yami Yugi's  monsters  will receive a 500  ATK  boost and the loser of this  Duel  will lose his/her soul (" Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight ": 2600 → 3100/1700). Since " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight 's"  ATK  was changed by a  Card effect , " Crystal Seal " is  Destroyed , but because " The Seal of Orichalcos " is now on the same side of the  Field  as a Card which was  Summoned  by " The Eye of Timaeus ", " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " is destroyed and " Dark Magician Girl " is returned to the field (2000 → 2500/1700) in  Attack Position  (Yami goes into a fit of rage, further deepening his Dark, but thinks that he still can Summon up to 10 Monsters.). 
 Yami Yugi then activates " Hand Control " and declares " Necromancy ". Since Yami Yugi guessed right,  Rafael  is forced to activate "Necromancy" immediately (Rafael had already guessed which Card he wanted to use, so he simply says: "Use it, Yugi".); " Big Shield Gardna " (100 → 600/2600), " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " (1500 → 2000/1200), " Berfomet " (1400 → 1900/1800) and " Kuribabylon " (?/200) are  Special Summoned  to Yami Yugi's side of the Field in  Defense Position . Yami Yugi places his newly summoned monsters in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone , (thanks to " The Seal of Orichalcos ", Yami Yugi can use his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as an added  Monster Card Zone ) meaning they can't be  attacked  until Yami Yugi's first-row monsters are Destroyed first. If a Monster  Special Summoned  by " Necromancy " is Destroyed, all of Yami's Monsters will lose 600  ATK . Due to the effect of " Kuribabylon ", its  ATK  is the sum of the  ATK  of all 5  Kuriboh Brothers . Since Yami  Summoned  " Kuribabylon " without  removing from play  the 5 Kuriboh Brothers, the ATK of "Kuribabylon" is 0 ("Kuribabylon": ? → 0 → 500/200). 
 Rafael's hand is shown to contain " Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou ", " Kishido Spirit ",  " Aid to the Doomed ", " Rod of the Mind's Eye ", "Necromancy", and "Monster Rebirth". Yami Yugi then  Tributes  " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and " Berfomet " to  summon  " Dark Magician " (2500 → 3000/2100) in  Attack Position . Yami places it in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone .  Switches  " Dark Magician Girl " from the  Monster Card Zone  to the  Spell & Trap Card Zone . Yami Yugi Yami Yugi then activates " Kuribabylon 's"  effect  to remove it from play and  Special Summon  the 5  Kuriboh Brothers , " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " (300 → 800/200 for all) from the Removed from Play Zone to the field in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then activates "Kuribah's" effect to remove from play " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " and  Special Summon  " Kuribabylon " (?/200) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Kuribabylon", its ATK becomes the sum of the  ATK  of all 5 Kuriboh Brothers, i.e. 800 × 5 = 4000 ("Kuribabylon": ? → 4000 → 4500/200). 
 "Kuribabylon" attacks & destroys " Guardian Grarl " ( Rafael  3000 → 1500). Since there is a Monster in Rafael's  Graveyard , " Purity of the Cemetery " is destroyed. " Dark Magician " attacks " Backup Gardna ", but Rafael Activates the effect of " Aid to the Doomed " from his  Hand ,  discarding  2 Cards from his  Hand  (" Kishido Spirit " and " Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou ") in order to end the current turn immediately since 1 of his Monsters has been destroyed in battle this  Turn .
 Turn 11: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then  activates  " Monster Rebirth " to take " Guardian Grarl " from his  Graveyard  and return it to his  Deck . Rafael then  Sets  a Card. He then activates " Swords of Revealing Light " to prevent  Yami  from attacking for 3  Turns  and forcing all of Yami's monster to be face-up while "Swords of Revealing Light" is active.
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Due to " Swords of Revealing Light ",  Yami  cannot attack (3 more  Turns ). Yami Yugi draws "Catapult Turtle". He then  Tributes  " Big Shield Gardna " to  Summon  " Catapult Turtle " (1000 → 1500/2000) in  Attack Position . Yami places it in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone .  Rafael  then  activates  " Limit Tribute ". Now while this card is face-up, both Players can only Tribute 1  Monster  per Turn, which prevents Yami from using "Catapult Turtle"'s effect this turn.
 Turn 13: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael's hand contains " Rod of the Mind's Eye ", " Morale Boost ", and " Nightmare Binding ". Rafael  activates  " Nightmare Binding " to decrease the  ATK  of Yami Yugi's " Kuribabylon " by 800 (" Kuribabylon ": 4500 → 3700/200), increase Rafael's Life Points by 800 ( Rafael  1500 → 2300), and forbid Yami Yugi from Tributing "Kuribabylon".
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Due to " Swords of Revealing Light ",  Yami  cannot  Attack  (2 more  Turns ). Yami Yugi draws " Beast of Gilfer ". Yami Yugi then  activates  " Catapult Turtle 's" effect to Tribute " Dark Magician " and inflict half its  ATK  as  Damage  to  Rafael  ( Rafael  2300 → 800). Since " Dark Magician " is now in the  Graveyard , " Dark Magician Girl 's"  ATK  increases by 300 (" Dark Magician Girl ": 2500 → 2800/1700).
 Turn 15: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael  Sets  a Card. 
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
Due to " Swords of Revealing Light ",  Yami  cannot  Attack  (1 more  Turn ). Yami draws. Yami Yugi then  Activates  " Catapult Turtle 's"  Effect  to Tribute " Dark Magician Girl " a shocked Dark Magician Girl looks back at Yami Yugi and inflicts half its  ATK  as  Damage  to  Rafael , but Rafael activates " Shrink " to halve " Dark Magician Girl 's"  ATK  for one turn (" Dark Magician Girl ":  2800 → 1400/1700). The effect of "Catapult Turtle continues ( Rafael  800 → 100). Yami Yugi intends to summon another monster next turn, so he can use the effect of "Catapult Turtle" to deplete the remainder of Rafael's Life Points.
 Turn 17: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card (" Celestial Sword - Eatos " and " Guardian Eatos "). Rafael then activates " Celestial Sword - Eatos ", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing the  ATK  of " Backup Gardna " by 300 (" Backup Gardna ": 500 → 800/2700). Since " Celestial Sword - Eatos " is on the  Field  and there are no  Monster  in his  Graveyard ,  Rafael   Special Summons  "Guardian Eatos" (2500/2000) in  Attack Position . Rafael then activates " Backup Gardna 's" Effect, unequipping its " Celestial Sword - Eatos " and equipping it to " Guardian Eatos " instead (" Backup Gardna ": 800 → 500/2700; " Guardian Eatos ": 2500 → 2800/2000). 
 Rafael then activates " Guardian Eatos '" second effect to  send  " Celestial Sword - Eatos " to his  Graveyard  (" Guardian Eatos ": 2800 → 2500/2000),  target   Yami 's  Graveyard , remove " Dark Magician Girl ", " Dark Magician ", " Big Shield Gardna ", " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and " Berfomet " from play, and increase the ATK of " Guardian Eatos " by the combined  ATK  of the removed  monsters  (2000 + 2500 + 100 + 1500 + 1400 = 7500) (" Guardian Eatos ": 2500 → 10000/2000). " Guardian Eatos "  attacks  and  destroys  " Kuribabylon " ( Yami  600 → 0). 
 Rafael wins.
 
 Epilogue 
 " The Seal of Orichalcos " claims the loser's soul. As its energy is about to engulf  the Pharaoh ,  Yugi  uses the  Millennium Puzzle  to break the " The Seal of Orichalcos " and pushes Yami Yugi out of the way at the last second, sacrificing his soul to save Yami Yugi's.
 
 Featured Cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Agido [Notes 1] 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berfomet 
 Kuribah 
 
 Kuribabylon 
 Kuribee 
 Kuribeh 
 Kuriboh 
 Kuriboo 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Sangan 
 Beast of Gilfer [Notes 2] Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast 
 Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Eye of Timaeus Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Five Star Twilight 
 Polymerization 
 Pump Up 
 Amazoness Spellcaster [Notes 1] 
 Card of Sanctity 
 De-Fusion [Notes 1] 
 Hand Control [Notes 1] 
 Magical Hats [Notes 1] [Notes 3] 
 Necromancy [Notes 4] 
 Pot of Greed 
 
 Rafael Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Gardna 
 Guardian Grarl 
 Guardian Kay'est 
 Guardian Eatos Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Exchange 
 Gravity Axe - Grarl 
 Guardian Treasure 
 Purity of the Cemetery 
 Rescuer from the Grave 
 Self Tribute 
 Rod of Silence - Kay'est 
 The Seal of Orichalcos [Notes 5] 
 Aid to the Doomed 
 Celestial Sword - Eatos 
 Kishido Spirit [Notes 6] 
 Monster Rebirth 
 Morale Boost [Notes 7] 
 Nightmare Binding 
 Purity of the Cemetery 
 Rod of the Mind's Eye [Notes 6] 
 Shrink 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou [Notes 6] 
 Traps 
 Crystal Seal 
 Limit Tribute 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   This card was seen in Yugi's  hand . 
 
 ↑   This card was seen during one of Yugi's  Draw Phases . 
 
 ↑   This was played as a  Quick-Play Spell Card . It is a  Trap Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card belongs to Yugi, but it was taken by Rafeal via " Exchange ". 
 
 ↑   This card belongs to Rafeal, but it was taken by Yugi via " Exchange ". 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   This card can been seen in Rafael's  hand  after Yugi uses " Hand Control " to force him to  activate  " Necromancy ". 
 
 ↑   This card was seen in Rafael's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Doma Members 
 Alister 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Mai Valentine 
 Raphael 
 Rex Raptor 
 Valon 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Events 
 Duels 
 Mai and Pegasus 
 Yami Yugi and Gurimo 
 Kaiba and Alister (first) 
 Joey and Mai (first) 
 Yami and Rafael (first) 
 Joey and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Weevil 
 Yugi and Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi and the Orichalcos Soldier 
 Rebecca, Duke and Valon 
 Kaiba and Alister (second) 
 Joey and Valon 
 Joey and Mai (second) 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael (second) 
 Yami Yugi, Kaiba and Dartz 
 Other 
 Battle of Atlantis 
 Gas station incident 
 Pegasus' Doma warning 
 Attack on Arthur's house 
 Yami Yugi and Kaiba's KaibaCorp infiltration 
 The Great Leviathan's revival 
 
 Other 
 Orichalcos 
 Paradius 
 " The Seal of Orichalcos " 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Yugioh156.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121014001716', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Yugioh158.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130117065143']
Categories: Duels, Waking the Dragons Duels