Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Portal_talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_anime_characters


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Portal:Yu-Gi-Oh! GX anime characters.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Main characters 
 2   Unnecessary additions 
 3   ... 
 4   Support vs. Seasonal characters? 
 
 
 Main characters 
 Classifying a character is a main character is rather hard for this series. There's "was a main character at one point" (Misawa, Chumley/Hayato) characters, "became a main character but debuted after the halfway mark characters" (Johan/Jesse, Axel/O'Brien) and one character who was supposedly a main character but didn't really do anything (Rei/Blair). That being said, I really think that only Judai/Jaden, Sho/Syrus, Chazz/Manjoume and Asuka/Alexis definitively qualify as main characters. Kenzan/Hassleberry is debatable, so is Edo/Aster. Listing Edo under main characters but not Kaiser/Zane seems strange. And Fubuki/Atticus disappears with no explantion often enough not to qualify, in my opinion.
 All that being said, anyone have any opinions as to how to classify main characters? Both DM and 5D's don't seem to have this problem, with six main character being easily identified for each series. GX's waters are much murkier...  Cheesedude  01:57, May 2, 2010 (UTC)
 I'd say that the main characters are the one's who have a major role in the series. Jaden, Alexis, Chazz, and Syrus have all had main roles but so have Hassleberry, Aster, Blair, Atticus, Jesse, and Axel. Hassleberry had a main role in season two as he helped destroy the satellite and was the only oher returning character besides Jaden, Chazz, Aster, and Zane to have a regular duel against Jim. Aster also had a main role in season two as he was one of the two chosen duelist with the other being Jaden and he dueled his fair share of antagionst. Although Blair didn't have a role like that she part of the season trying to get Marcel back when he was under Yubel's control. And she did have a fair amount of appearences in season 4. Atticus may have had minor, but important roles in the first three seasons but in the final season he has a major role and is the last duelist (besides Jaden and Jesse) at duel academy and was he key to unlockingthe mystery of Nightshroud. Jesse and Axel had major's role's in season three as Jesse became a new best friend for Jaden and helped him take on Yubel, while Axel wa responsable for the defeat of the Supreme King. They continue to have major role's in season four as Axel work's with Jaden to uncover the mystery of Nightshroud and Jesse help's duel Yusuke. So all in all, these event's would consider making these six characters part of the main cast.
 
 I really can't agree  justify having had a "major role in one season" equaling a "major role, period". If we went by that logic, then the DM portal should have  Rafael  under main characters. That being said, I have no objections to listing Atticus under main. He didn't have a lot of duels as compared to some other characters, but he is really very important to the story in Seasons 1 and 4. I noticed you didn't put Zane on your list. He certainly had a major role, and Bastion was definitely a main character in Season 1, but not the rest. 01:09, May 5, 2010 (UTC) 
 I didn't put Bastion and Zane on my list because after the first two season's their role in the series decreased. Also you can't deny that Aster and Hassleberry are main characters considering the role they had in the series. As for the other three their role is debatable.
 
 No, I can't deny that Hassleberry and Aster should probably be in man. But I'd rank Zane's rule equal to Aster's, really. Aster wasn't in Season 1, Zane had three duels. In Season 2, Zane had a few duels, Aster had more. In Season 3, they both get around equal screentime - and both get one duel in Season 4. Seems about even. I'd put Bastion, Chumley, Blair and Crowler in supporting. I have no qualms with Atticus being in either section. 01:35, May 5, 2010 (UTC) 
 Find but what about Jesse and Axel? Although they didn't appearer until season three they both have big roles in the series. Jesse helped Jaden duel the main antagionst in both seasons and Axel assists Jaden by giving him information and saving him and the other's from Honest. -- Firered16 SA  03:29, May 5, 2010 (UTC)
 
 I can see putting Jesse in main. As for Axel, he's very borderline. I would say no, but it's not as if I have control of what gets put on the portal. More opinions are needed, to be honest.  Cheesedude  03:32, May 5, 2010 (UTC) 
 How can you not consider Axel a main character. How many secondary characters in in the orignal yugioh series and yugioh 5ds had an important role like Axel did during epiode 138-143? -- Firered16 SA  01:22, May 15, 2010 (UTC)
 
 More or less by the mere fact that he didn't debut until Season 3. Yes, he's important, but not to extent of Jesse, who debuted at the same time. I'd compare Axel to Mai from the second series anime, I wouldn't consider her a Main character either.  Cheesedude  02:08, May 15, 2010 (UTC) 
 Unnecessary additions 
 Some monsters that have basically no character in the anime, other than being powerful or having some significance to some characters, have been added by a user, despite the fact that later in the anime they become no more important than any other non-speaking monsters, hence why they should not have a place here.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:11, January 3, 2012 (UTC)
 
 I would argue that the one he has added DO have significance. Do we need to list all of Judai's E-Heroes? No. But all of the Neo-Spacians had actual dialogue and characterization, as did Sapphire Pegasus. Rainbow Dragon is debatable. It didn't have any characterization, besides being Johan's protector, but it played a large role in the desert dimension part and was a key part of Yubel's possession over Johan as well.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:21, January 3, 2012 (UTC) 
 "Avian" and "Sparkman" had lines in the "Maiden in Love" Duel. iirc, "Burstinatrix" did in the dub. I'm not sure about the Japanese. Granted they were Solid Vision, not Duel Spirits. I don't think a character is necessarily defined as a living creature in a work of fiction. They weren't alive, but they were given dialogue, personality and a tiny subplot (if you can call it that) so they might qualify. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 18:27, January 3, 2012 (UTC) 
 The E-Heroes,Neo-Spacians and Crystal Beasts I have no problem with because they obviously have their own character/personality. Rainbow Dragon, D-Hero Plasma, and the like are, IMO, nothing more than key cards of their respective Duelists' Deck that just happened to get a little more, but brief, spotlight moments. They did not have any of the characteristics that the Neo-Spacians or Crystal Beasts had that secured them a place as characters.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:46, January 3, 2012 (UTC) 
 Again, I can agree with you about Rainbow Dragon. However, it  already has an article  due its role as a Duelist in some of the  World Championship  games. So expanding that article to also detail the small role it had in the anime is fine. 
 I think Plasma qualifies as a character, given all the souls that were sealed in it by The D after it was infected by the Light of Destruction. Though you could also argue that we could cover that in the article about the Light itself. But once again,  it already has  an article for the same reason Rainbow Dragon does.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:52, January 3, 2012 (UTC) 
 Why are you bringing up character articles from the games, when this portal is meant just for the anime specifically? Plenty of other monsters have an article about their in-game characters, but never made a single appearance in the anime. Also, about your souls sealed into Plasma, that just makes a tool (literally) for Light's use rather than a character.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 08:16, January 4, 2012 (UTC) 
 Because we have articles for them, so not detailing what role they also had int he anime makes no sense. The article is already there, so we should expand it to detail what the character did in the anime, however small that role may be.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:45, January 4, 2012 (UTC) 
 Yes, that articles are there... with information that very vaguely relates it to the anime, and more about their in-game characters. There's not even anything to expand regarding their role in the anime.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:32, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 How is there nothing to expand upon when the articles only detail the video games?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:06, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 I meant nothing regarding the anime.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:18, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 I know. And the articles (I'm specifically talking about the examples I gave above, RD and Plasma) have no anime info whatsoever.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:20, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 That's because they weren't acting like characters when they were involved. Let's compare RD and Plasma to the monsters that actually deserve a character page: 
 1) They talk; well most of them, Winged Kuriboh and Ruby mostly squeak.
2) They show emotions, individuality, characteristics that sets them apart from being mere holograms.
What do RD and Plasma have that makes them deserving of being called a "character"? I can understand their video game counterparts since they at least interact with the player as an opponent, but the anime, I just don't see it.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:32, January 5, 2012 (UTC)
 
 In my view, a card having a spirit makes it a character. So even if the role is small, it should be documented. And since the article is already there, why not use it? Compared to some other spirits? No, they're not really characters.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:34, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 That would basically mean that ALL monsters ever played in the anime would need a character article, considering they are ALL spirits in cards. We are not using an article because a video game character is one thing, an anime character is another. In my view, a monster needs a bit of emotion to be taken as a character instead of an item.-- PoirotH  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:41, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 No, not really. Most of them in GX, yes. For the rest of the series, no. I suppose the current system for things like works well enough though. Linking something like "the spirit of " Blast Asmodian " sounds a little clunky, but I suppose it works. 
 Having said that, I'm not suggesting we create articles for every spirit. But the article is already there due to the video game stuff, I see no reason not to expand it a bit.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:46, January 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 
 
 ... 
 bro you've got some serious problems. You still doin this? Mcn, leave Edo alone dont know what your problem is but your talk page already has mods gettin on you for this. We're not going through this again so chill out dude.
 Youve did the EXACT same thing on the template page EXACTLY a year ago, It is already established that Edo is a main on top of that me and dinoguy have already agreed on the cast page. Enough with your nonsense.
 on the other hand, johan can probably stay mostly just because of season 3 and a little in season 4. MaxMicster  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:55, May 12, 2015 (UTC)
 Hmm. Calm down, dude. I only did this to see if you would change it back and to know that you didn't slack off. Besides, I've already coped your personal decision, but you must remember that there are others who will disagree. For the record, and this just my opinion, I never truly considered Aster a Main since he played off as a misguided rival rather than a main, but that's just my opinion. Don't fuss over this, understand? It might not happen again.  —This unsigned comment was made by  MCN51FJ  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:43, May 12, 2015‎ (UTC) 
 
WoW bro, whats up with you? To see if I slacked off, This IS DUEL MONSTERS, do you think this is a MF GAME!?
 No, you haven't coped enough,your still changing things, its not just me, its the agreement with the other mods to, see the cast page.
 Misguided somewhat, Edo thought he was taken up advice from his friend who is psychic but Saiou was actually possessed by the light of ruin. Rival not really. Edo did not realty see Judai as any worth whatsoever only thought he had barely decent dueling. He didn't care for Judai or Duel Academy but kept being sent there by Saiou and was annoyed about it. Now sartorius does mention that judai and Edo against each other was already determined to be their Destiny but it is not sure if that is completely true or whether he said that in order to further convince Edo to defeat jaden for him since he relied on Edo for that.
 A perfect example of this is jaden's second real duel with Edo where judai pulls off that dramatic win over edo, after the duel when judai says that they are tied, Edo says ~ahhh, Ill clear it with you later~ In other words that he will defeat jaden at a later time, not the "aaaarghh, you just watch I will destroy you" that chazzy has been saying to jaden for the longest or the "that guy, I really want to duel him" that judai had with zane after being defeated by him.
 Aster is direct counterpart to jaden, season 2 was basically Edo and a little judai on the side, the whole reason s2 started was because of Edo's father and the Destiny Heroes and it closed out with judai and Edo combining efforts in defeating the big boss.
 You dont have to take this as me being harsh on you, I'm glad you stated your opinion on here, that means you should be stopping with the changing up pages without leaving a comment or reason. On top of that, if another group of users or the mods want to have another consensus about it than your opinion will be taken into consideration.
 Lastly, nice try buddy, but cast page has them listed as Jaden/Edo/Sho/Asuka/Chazzy/zaney
stop changing that. See cast page. MaxMicster  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:33, May 14, 2015 (UTC)
 Haha. Fine, you can give such reasons on Aster, but I can't really consider him as a main, even if he played a big role in S2. Again that's just my personal opinion since the whole "destiny" thing went to his head and made him quite arrogant. Know what, I'll stop changing the slots, so long as it keeps "Spazz" out of the top 4. You say that Aster is somewhat like Jaden with his own heroes and what not, but he is almost the opposite of Jaden such as their seperate personalities and styles of dueling. Jaden was more of a friendly, fun-loving duelist who duels with heart and passion and makes even the most potenially dangerous situations seem exciting as well as willing to team up with someone especially with a friend, while Aster only dueled for mostly the wrong reasons such as dueling with self-anguish, due to the loss of his father, and over-confidence, due his misguided faith in destiny, and trying to make everyone think that his father's Destiny Heroes are the coolest cards around, kinda like trying to win some popularity contest. His ego somewhat grew because of the possessed Sartorius what with destiny and such and became more indepedent, at first not willing to work with anyone. As such, the only similarity these two may have is their use of Heroes; Jaden's Elemental Heroes and later his Neo Spacians and Aster's, or rather his father's, Destiny Heroes. This makes me think that he is Jaden's opposite/rival, perhaps ultimate rival when it comes to "clash of the heroes", even though Aster's Destiny Heroes look more like villains/anti-heroes. Besides, if anyone is like Jaden, it would be Jesse. Also the reason for changing the slots was due to my personal belief that Syrus, Alexis and Chazz played bigger roles on Jaden's life than Aster did. We can't deny the fact that Jaden is the protagonist of GX, which means that the story revolves around him and the other main characters each play a role around Jaden's character such as Syrus being his best friend/younger brother-figure, Alexis being his close friend and potential love interest, Chazz being his main/comical rival, Jesse being his second best friend, Aster being his second main rival and possible friend, Zane being his rival/friend, etc. Jaden's role as the protagonist was to help others see the error of their ways and/or help them become better people through dueling, which is what he did with Syrus by helping him boost his confidence, Chazz by beating him and helping him see that dueling is for excitement, Hassleberry by teaching him to evolve like his deck and Aster by helping him realize that he should be happy and have fun dueling instead of constantly believing in destiny as well as to always respect his opponents without underestimating them. Also, the other main characters teach Jaden few important lessons in life that made him become an even better person, such as Alexis teaching him that every card in one's deck is important to them no matter how weak they seem, Zane, Aster and few others teaching him to not always take every situation so lightly especially when someone precious or the world is at stake, therefore you have to do as much as you can to win. That pretty much led into him becoming a darker duelist, albiet after fusing with Yubel, even being cold towards his friends at the beginning of S4, until Alexis was able bring him back to his fun-loving self. These are my thoughts on what the character roles were about.  —This unsigned comment was made by  MCN51FJ  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:28, May 16, 2015‎ (UTC) 
 
 Please sign your posts with 4 tildes (~) in the future. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:43, May 16, 2015 (UTC) 
 I'm getting really tired of this buddy. I never said that Edo was exactly like Jaden,t they are counterparts, or heck exact opposites. I dont know where you saw me say anything about them being the same.
 YOU POSTED  a giant blarrghh of words with no break, of course! I didn't read all that.
 Look bro, I hardly read what you said besides the first couple of misspelled barley sentences, I'm not going lie I misspell, and overall just dont dont care half the the time too, but you just killed it with that army of words.
 If you want to help in doing something then help me with this. I was looking into changing one of the characters in the main out with Yubel. Mostly Johan, I was thinking Johan was one  of the main part of s3, he quickly established a friendship with Judai at the beginning of the season with there alike personalities and his ability to see Duel Monster spirits in season 3 .
 I mostly gave Johan credit for being an enormous part of s3 but when Ive recently thought about it, Yubel is pretty has everything to do with s3, on top of that it was Yubel controlling johan halfway through s3. If not johan then kenzan.
 On another note I do agree with lolSpazz, I have my doubts about this guy but I have to admit hes had decent amount a presence even though people give this guy way too much credit.
 Lastly, looking back at the top of this talk page the previou suser and some of th emods are somewhat right. They stated something that I already stated on the cast page Gx isnt liek the other series.
 For instance Duel Moster: Yugi, wannabe rival Kaiba, and Joey, with some of yugi's closest friends following him around all day err day.
 Duel Monsters GX: Main Characters are established and appear at different times during the series, there screentime might decrease a little but not enough to disestablish them as mains. In all, GX has way more than six main characters and that's a fact. I dont know what silly person came up with this only six rule, cause its not true but if it was only for cast templates I understand other than cast templates portals should include all main characters.
 Hurr Durrr Yugioh On Futurcyles:Guy who defeated yousay, and the main five or six signer or whatever dragon thingys
 Yugioh In The Future With Scouters and in Space: Both guys who defeated yuma, and yuma's closest friends following him around, similar to Duel Monsters.
 What kinda gets me is asuka, I Understands shes basically judais lover and all, she appears in ops true but she really doesn't do much. She doesn't even follow judai around like kenznan and sho, now they live together. When she did move into the red dorm she quickly left after she was brainwashed and never returned to live with judai last I remember. s3 she was cut out halfseason and in season 4 made small appearances but people keep calling her a main, meh.
 Finally if you reply please dont post a gigantic military of words., I am tired of this discussion. MaxMicster  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:08, May 24, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Yikes. What on earth happened up there...? 
 Anyway, if we're going for six main characters overall for the series, then Jaden, Syrus, Chazz, Alexis, and Jesse are likely the most definite, and possibly Zane as well. Aster really had little to no significance after Season Two, though one could argue the same for Zane's declining role in Season Four, but Jesse became a core part of the main cast and played a large role at the end of Season Four (which is a nasty example to pick mains from since it's so damn short!) 
 Six mains is just a nice number that usually fits with most of the series. But that sixth slot...  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:02, May 24, 2015 (UTC) 
 First off, if you want to change the slots again, that's fine. Here's my suggestions: I agree that Yubel should be part of the main cast due to her roles in S3 and 4 as well as her connection with Jaden. Sure she was one of the main antagonists, but she was able to reform after Jaden permanently fused his soul with hers. Now if the slots should be changed, then I think between Hassleberry or Aster. Hassleberry, for obvious reasons; his role is more or less Jaden's follower or cheerleader as well as Syrus' rival. I hardly thought of Hassleberry as a main and personally he was pretty annoying. In my opinion, Hassleberry is the male counterpart of Blair. As for Aster, well I pretty much gave my reasons, but again they were just my opinions. His role was more prominant in S2 and frankly I thought of Aster as a minor antagonist or at least a misguided rival who proved to be skilled because of his role in S2. So, if your gonna put Yubel in the main slots, then I suggest removing either Hassleberry or Aster.
 Let's remember what I said; each of the generations/series of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" has one protagonist(with the exception of the Duel Monsters where Yugi and Yami/Atem were the protagonists as well as ZEXAL where we have Yuma and Astral) and that means the stories for each revolve around them specifically. Because Jaden is the protagonist of GX, the story is basically about him and all the things he had done and accomplished as a duelist. That said, the other characters are pretty much important pieces of his life and are the ones who help build up his character. As I said, each character played a specific role on Jaden's character; such as Syrus being his best friend/younger brother-figure, Alexis being his close friend and potential love interest, Chazz being his main/comical rival, Jesse being his second best friend, Aster being his second main rival, Zane and Bastion being his rivals and friends, Blair and Hassleberry being his supporters/followers etc. Jaden helps them with their personal issues that made become better people/duelists and some teach him a few things as well.
 This applies to the other series as well; stories specifically revolving around the protagonist and their adventures and accomplishments, showing how they were considered underdogs in the beginning and later became accomplished duelists. Now the reasons behind the other main characters positions as main were due to their connections to the protagonists. Such as Joey being Yugi's/Yami's best friend, Seto being his main/bitter rival, Tea being his close friend and potential love interest, Tristan being his best friend and somewhat comical bodyguard, Bakura being his rival and friend, Rebecca being Yugi's good friend and self-proclaimed girlfriend etc. For 5D's, Jack is Yusei's main rival, best friend and foster brother, Akiza being his close friend and potential love interest, Crow being his best friend and foster brother, Leo and Luna being his good friends and younger sibling-figures etc. For ZEXAL, Astral being Yuma's other half, best friend and dueling mentor, Shark being his main rival and best friend, Tori being his close friend and potential love interest, Kite being his second main rival and friend, Bronk, Cathy, Flip, Caswell, Anna and Rio being his best/good friends etc.
 The six main characters template issue meant "AT LEAST six main characters", not at most. The fans chose who were to be known as main by the roles they played or by popularity. For DM, Yugi, Yami, Joey, Tea, Tristan, Kaiba and Bakura were main. For 5D's, Yusei, Jack, Akiza, Crow, Leo and Luna were main. For ZEXAL, Yuma, Astral, Tori, Shark, Kite and maybe Rio were main.
 Now, for GX, Jaden, Syrus, Alexis, Chazz, Zane and Jesse were considered main. We can add more depending on the roles they played around Jaden; Aster, I can't consider him a main due to the only role he played in S2. Hassleberry, he was somewhat useful since his inclusion, however he was considered more of a supporting character. Yubel would be considered a main due to her role as Jaden's spirit partner/guardian. Yeah, Chazz(or Spazz) was given too much credit because he was Jaden's main rival; he was like the "Kaiba" in this generation much like how Jaden was like Yugi, but over time Chazz became more comical, annoying and was constantly trying to make himself seem cool. Alexis is the only main female of the series and the reason why she doesn't follow Jaden around like Syrus and Hassleberry was due to her being independent and confident. She does care for her friends, but knows they can handle their own. Also, she didn't live in the Slifer Red dorm in S2, just trying to protect it from the Society of Light. Because of her feelings for Jaden, Alexis was responsible for helping him return to his normal fun-loving self in the beginning of S4. I apologize for being so long, but how else can I answer the questions?-- MCN51FJ  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:04, May 26, 2015 (UTC)
 
 I agree with Jaden, Chazz, Alexis, Syrus, Jesse and Zane as the six  main page mains. Yubel as a main in general though...thing is, she barely appears in Season 4 and does barely anything. So I'd be dicey on that. 
 And don't apologize for long answers, just break them down. It's other people's fault if they didn't read em and miss a point.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 08:18, May 26, 2015 (UTC) 
 See this is what I like, page conversation with no edit warring, magnificent. Now, unfortunately, I DO NOT agree with changing Edo from the main list, that's preposterous. I notice that people keep bringing up that Edo appeared in season two like it means anything. Thats like saying anyone that doesn't appear in the first season is not a main. .. This is about significance and presence. Lets say you an even compare to zaney. Zannie appears in the first season, throughout the ENTIRE first season he gets 3 duels. Three duels out of 52 episodes each 20 EPISODES APART. This is not what you would call        astounding.    Any other appearances he gets during the season are a very few minor short appearances.
 Second, kal, I dont know about your ways in doing things but I'm not and I'm sure plenty of others and COLLEGIATE and PROFESSIONAL people  aren't going to read an armada of words with no break or indent that looks like they have no end in sight, the apology was correct.
 Gunna make this short. I dont really go with kenzanberry being anyway a counterpart to rei and the rival thing to sho was very shortlived, I mean 1 episode .. Even so, Kenzan has gotten way more screentime than rei, plus more presence, and is a better duelist then sho, even already beating sho.
 Just putting this out here. People misuse rival to much. A rival is someone comparing with one another for superiority or an objective. At most this is a onesided rivalry for chuz. Judai is not aspiring to be be better than chann, he already is, just like Misawa always is, judai beats chz EVERYTIME. The only thing choz has seemingly ever had over judai is that one duel in seas 4 which I found ridiculous and is what one would call an a$$pull. Judai does not compare himself to cham or does he aspire to beat chad, ya know since hes done it everytime ... The association that judai and gary have is exactly what you would call a FRENEMY or ADVERSARY. Now unless Ive missed an ep where judai calls chip his rival in particular these two are what cheese is to judai.
 Yes, Ive already said this. If the temp was made was made for only 6 at most than its silly but that is was also most likely made for any particular six main, so yes were most likely correct. 
 ...Umm ... she did ... She moved in, heh he she particularyu WANTED to live wit judai ... in the same oom, but that idiot didn't get the situation omg jeez. Anyway well she is the only girl on there besides yubel now and shes in the openings so again meh.
 I tend to stay away from putting antagonist or villains or whatever, who stay antagonist or villains in main. Ive read a couple times now even recently that they can be put there. I'm sure there are some antagonist that beat out at least on of the put mains in one of the series but it seems people just tend to keep antagonist out of main. Again, also just putting this out here.
 Lastly, Yubel  is main, she completely outstrips kenzans presence and significance starting seas 3. MaxMicster  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:37, May 29, 2015 (UTC)
 Even though this was changed, I still cannot agree with Aster being next to Jaden. I propose that he should be placed either behind Alexis or Chazz or better yet behind Zane. If the fans insist to keep Aster in the main category(which I think it was due to them only liking him than for any other reason, giving him way too much undeserved credit), then the main section should have either characters placed in order of appearance or significance(when I say "significance", I mean how important they are to the protagonist Jaden). See, Aster's role was only prominant in S2, and again, he played the role of a minor antagonist and/or a main and misguided rival. These "people" you're referring to only use his one role in S2 as an excuse to claim that he is main when, honestly, he isn't, however I do agree that he played an important role on Jaden's character, like many, many other characters. One of the possible reasons why Zane is a main was due to him being Syrus' older brother as well as being the top student in Duel Academy before he graduated and even though he only dueled very little throughout S1, he was considered an expert who often gives the younger duelists some tips and advice about their duels. Sure its not outstanding, but remember a number of main characters, specifically Tea and Tristan from DM and Tori from ZEXAL, almost to never duel and yet they are considered main because they are lead females of their respective series and Tristan was Yugi and Joey's best friend and bodyguard. Tea only dueled in two-three episodes, Tristan only dueled in one episode and Tori only dueled in one episode. So what if Zane only dueled a few times, he is still made as a main, unlike Aster who is only main due to opinions.
 Look, I tend to make long paragraphs/summaries because I expect so-called professionals to understand what I'm trying to say and even though some can say that I'm stating my opinions, one would discover that I'm trying to speak the truth. I'm aware that I'm not always right, hell I could be wrong for some of the things I state, but everyone is entitled to their own opinions and when I state my opinions, I'm being completely honest. You may not like to read a lot, but you need to realize that I'm trying make sense of my answers and not make them short and incoherent like many people tend to do.
 Now the reason I say that Hassleberry is somewhat like Blair was due to their stubborness on the concept of their respective relationships with the protagonist Jaden. Blair fell in love with(or at least has a crush on) Jaden and unconsciously became a love rival to Alexis; showing how Alexis was getting annoyed when Blair flirts with him. Hassleberry developed an admiration for Jaden after he defeated him and taught him a lesson. Since then he acted like a subordinate of his, claiming to be Jaden's best friend which developed a rivalry between him and Syrus; showing the two constantly bickering for the position of Jaden's wing-man. Both Hassleberry and Blair are younger students who greatly admire Jaden(in the Japanese version, Kenzan refers to Judai as "aniki", which means "big bro'" and Rei uses the honorific "-sama" when referring to Judai) and act as comical rivals to Jaden's closest friends, Syrus and Alexis; for Syrus and Hassleberry were rivals for the role of Jaden's best friend in S2, Alexis and Blair were rivals for Jaden's affection in S4. Besides, Hassleberry isn't a better duelist than Syrus and only defeated him once off-screen in his debut. Syrus defeated him later on and proved to Hassleberry that Syrus is Jaden's best friend. Hassleberry's screentime, yes, but that was due to his persistant personality and being the somewhat annoying follower.
 The reason why many say that Chazz is Jaden's main rival was due how he tried be better than him in dueling, but was always defeated. Even though Chazz became rather annoying and comical after Jaden defeated him in the school duel, he is still quite a dangerous duelist who is skilled enough to hold his own against strong duelists. Also, Syrus once said that Chazz was Jaden's big-time duel rival and Jaden stated that he needed his competition. Not once has Chazz ever defeated Jaden, but was able to beat a few other strong duelists. Jaden does treat Chazz like a friend, but Chazz sees Jaden as a "frenemy" and rival.
 The templates were shortened and rearranged for poor reasons, but if there are more main characters, then add them. Besides, the six main issue started in 5D's because there were only six main characters overall; the six Signers of the Crimson Dragon. ZEXAL and ARC-V has an issue that the characters roles were changing as the series' progressed, so we can't completely tell who is main or not.
 Maybe, but its been made pretty clear that Alexis stayed with Jaden and the others in the Slifer Red dorm mostly to protect the dorm from the Society of Light.
 Some antagonists get sympathy due to their troubled or tragic pasts. Yubel got sympathy due to her past with Jaden as well as her love for him and since the two are permenantly fused togehter, acting as his spirit guardian.
 
 By rule of thumb, antagonist generally aren't main characters unless they perform a Heel-Face Turn and retain screentime. The exception at this point seems to be Sora, but at the moment we won't know whether to replace him with Silvio or Selena. Yubel has little screentime after fusing with Jaden, even in a season where character appearances are limited. Chazz is easily Jaden's primary rival over the course of the series, yeah, and many seem to forget that he could have (but chose not to) defeat Jaden in season 4 and defeated Aster in the same season. ZEXAL once Vector was revealed, fell into its main six fairly nicely (albiet that was over halfway through the series) and it's been pretty uncontested since then. 
 Max, the point I was trying to make is don't bother replying if you can't be bothered to read it. I certainly agree with the fact that an armada of text isn't preferable to read. But Aster...can probably take the place of Zane, given that he is a very important part of season 2. Stick him at the sixth place given his lack of importance in later seasons. 
 Just saying, I only really care about the six mains displayed on the main page, so don't expect me to comment on the rest.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:52, May 29, 2015 (UTC) 
 Support vs. Seasonal characters? 
 How're they differentiated in terms of sorting? Number of appearences? Appearences in multiple seasons? Impact on the story?
 I say this because Motegi/Belowski, Damon/Taira and Wheeler/SAL all have the same amount of appearences and all have episodic roles in both seasons 1+2 (excluding cameos,) and while I'll be the first to talk about how much potential Motegi would have had as a recurring character, I don't think he really merits inclusion in the same section as people like Misawa, Fubuki, and Cronos.
 I'm also a bit baffled on the inclusion of single-season "underling groups" like the Society and the duel zombies, who aren't really characters on their own right and again, don't appear in earnest in more than one season.
 
That and rainbow dragon was listed twice, just sayin. (I don't know anything about wiki editing and thus don't wanna try and fix it. sorry!)
 Infinipede  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:44, May 30, 2015 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: