Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Anime/manga 
 2   New Trailer 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   New Trailer out 
 5   New scenes 
 6   References 
 7   Dude, Where's The Dueling? 
 8   Cleanup needed? 
 9   Virtual Dark Yugi or Atem? 
 10   Dub: Continuation of the manga or the anime 
 11   Names of the characters 
 12   Anime Articles 
 13   Appearances list 
 14   The someone Bakura lost 
 15   Silent Swordsman 
 16   Lores 
 17   Some things that I noticed ... 
 18   Cubic Wave 
 
 
 Anime/manga 
 I know that the Org said that the movie will take place after the events of the manga. But  Jerrboy31  kept re-adding on how it may also take place after the anime too. Here's the source he had:  http://www.yugioh.com/news/sdcc-2015-panel  What should we do about this?  ChaosGallade  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:34, July 19, 2015 (UTC)
 
 I don't buy that source. "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" is not what the anime is called in the West. Its just called "Yu-Gi-Oh!". The manga was indeed called "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" in the West for parts of its run though. If anything, that source only strengthens the film's connection to the manga.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 11:20, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Are you serious? Yu-Gi-oh series with yugi in it in America is called Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters or Yu-Gi-Oh! for short. And that's info from the official Yugioh website, you're gonna deny the official website of the franchise? and even shows that at SDCC that Kazuki revealed more about the film and that it takes place a year after Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, fans here when you ask what series is Yugioh Duel Monsters, something like that, they would possibly/likely answer oh you mean the one with yugi in it, the one before GX. something like that. I live in the US, people have referred to Yugioh as DM or Duel Monsters, as in Yugioh! Duel Monsters. Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:30, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Of course fans know its called Duel Monsters. But it was never, ever,  officially  referred to as such in the West. It was  always  just "Yu-Gi-Oh!". While the manga  was  called "Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters" (or rather the middle section of it was).  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:35, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Well again if you ask fans here in US I think since others have referred to it as is, which series is Yugioh Duel Monsters, they'll either say what I said or something like it or say first generation.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:46, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 And again, I am aware of it. But  officially , it never has been. Why would they start doing so now?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:59, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Well clearly they recognize it, they talk about it in the link about the news from the official site about news on SDCC, fans call it that. and there's this  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Duel_Monsters   Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:10, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 "The film's story is set 6 months after the original manga. However Yugioh.com has stated the film takes place a year after the conclusion to Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters This is also hinted in the English teaser trailer as well." It's been clearly confirmed that the movie is based on the /manga/. Not in the anime. With "Duel Monsters" they just meant to say it was the original series; not GX, not 5D's, not ZEXAL - the first one, with Yugi as the protagonist. Why is it so hard to understand? If it was /confirmed/ that it's based on the manga, then it's based on the manga.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:37, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Yes it is confirmed by official website, and I quote "During the panel Mr. Takahashi revealed more about the film’s story. The film takes place a year after the conclusion to Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters." And Yugioh first genereation anime is known by Yugioh Duel Monsters or yugioh for short. From the official website:  http://www.yugioh.com/news/sdcc-2015-panel  from another info source:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Duel_Monsters  Those are the proof, also other fans call it by DM here, apparently even Kazuki calls the anime here by DM it seems or something like that. Even apparently Japan calls the first generation Yugioh! Duel Monsters as well. So seems to me in Japan the film takes place 6 months after the manga, but in English it takes place a year after the anime DM. It's Yugioh Duel Monsters but for short just Yugioh.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:45, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 The problem is that "Duel Monsters" is ambiguous - it can refer to either the manga or the anime - and the SDCC statement is just as ambiguous. There is absolutely no mention in the statement of the anime or of the manga, just of Duel Monsters. So we can't use that statement to draw any conclusions at all as to which it actually is; any such conclusions are just speculation, no matter how sure of them you are. So that leaves us with using other official sources, and as Asari already said, the other official sources currently available unambiguously point to the manga as being the media the film follows from, not the anime.  「 ディノ 奴 千？！ 」 ?  ·  ☎ Dinoguy1000  22:04, July 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 I see what you're saying but I'm sorry it makes no sense for them to say Yugioh Duel Monsters in English and expect fans to think it's the manga when lot of us are use to referencing Yugioh the anime as Yugioh Duel Monsters which here it's known by. also that's from the official site, you cant like it's hear say. It's from the official website, it's likely they took down what actually happened there and the creator revealed more detail about the film and apparently one of the was it takes place after a year of Yugioh duel monsters (anime). also it would make no sense for them to say yugioh duel monsters and mean the managa and expect us who mostly known the anime as that to think it's the manga. If it was the manga they would've said 6 months or so or say the manga, no they said a year later from the conclusion of Yugioh Duel Monsters (as in the anime) the English teaser even supports that it takes place after the series hand ended when Yami left and the Millennium Items were lost.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:29, July 20, 2015 (UTC) Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:32, July 20, 2015 (UTC)
 Honestly, about the only thing that is clear is that we don't know if it takes place in just one or in both continiuties.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:35, July 20, 2015 (UTC)
 From the info I thought maybe both, pending on what country. Like Japan, manga. US/other certain countries Anime.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:26, July 20, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Okay, I'll try to say it the most clear way possible. Let's comapre the odds that this movie is based on the manga and on the anime. Manga: clearly and officially comfirmed through more than one source in more than one instance, includding through official teasers and by Kaz himself. Anime: baseless speculation built upon a self-assumption of yours. Now, tell me again why we should assume that the movie is based on the anime. Again, you say that it doesn't make sense for them to say "Duel Monsters", but for the last time, it does: they are explaining that it's based on the FIRST series; they aren't saying that it's based on the DM anime rather than the DM manga, they are saying that it's not GX, 5D's, ZEXAL or ARC-V - it's the FIRST series, known as Duel Monsters. This is my last reply, I honestly can't be any clearer than this.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:57, July 20, 2015 (UTC) 
 I've explain already, the answers are there I think, and I'm going by what the official website says and what makes sense. 
 Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:24, July 20, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Again it makes no sense for them to say "Yugioh Duel Monsters" and expect fans here to think of the manga when mostly know (it seems) the anime and refer the anime as that. If they meant the manga then they would've said so.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:26, July 20, 2015 (UTC) 
 Them referring to it as DM is just going "the original series", because they have 5 of them now. The official sources outright say "Manga", not the anime, so thats what is put. You  speculating  that it is different in the East and West is nonsensical, and makes less sense than your assertion that they don't think people would think of a manga that was actually named "DM" at points, unlike the anime in any official capacity.  PhotonLegion95  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:43, July 20, 2015 (UTC) 
 I'm going what we call it here, Yugioh Duel Monsters (anime) and in Japan it's called Yugioh Duel Monsters (anime) and I'm going by what the OFFICIAL SITE says and what the CREATOR OF YUGIOH APPARENTLY REVEALED, Mr. Kazuki. 
That's not speculating, that's going by the FACTS. 
06:48, July 21, 2015 (UTC)
 06:47, July 21, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Except that we have given reasons as why that's the not the case. The site does NOT say the anime. It simply does not mention whether it means anime or manga. You stand alone here, against consensus. Do not re-add it again or you will be blocked from editing.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:50, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 They wrote what they ment, Yugioh Duel Monsters, they mean the anime, not manga or else they would have said so and if you block me for trying to tell others the facts and official info is messed up, fans have a right to know that in English it's the anime, not the manga. That's like taking away my freedom of speech. Instead you're gonna give a lie to people. That's low and messed up.  Jerrboy31  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:12, July 21, 2015 (UTC)
 
 uhhh, no actually Yugioh Duel monsters can refer to the manga too 
 Also funny thing about freedom of speech, it only protects you from the government, Admins on a wiki are well within their right to block you. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:15, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 I'm more interested in the 6 months vs 1 year part. Would it be worthwhile to note that the dub is set "1 year after  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters " (purposely avoiding specifying what " Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters " is), even potentially just quoting the yugioh.com SDCC article? -- Snorlax Monster  08:16, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 I'm more interested in how half the time this happens, people still insist they are correct when....what 5 different, vetern users and Admins, are reverting their work and telling them to stop. 
 You'd think that would raise an alarm or 2. 
 Though I think this is the first time I have seen someone try using "Freedom of speech" to justify not being banned for a wiki edit. If that was a valid defense I wouldn't be blocked on the Org right now. 
 Anyway, I think its safe to assume "Duel Monsters" refers to the original series in general at this point and since only 1 source makes any specification on which continuity, its likely the Manga, though given the same general events happened in both versions, it could easily be based on either/both so long as none of the contradictions show up. 
 Honestly, I don't think its going to end up making THAT much of a difference, for all we know it could end up following its own. 
 Wonder how someone screwed up the timeline there though, 1 Year vs 6 Months isn't exactly something they mix up. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:29, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 For God's love this guy must be a troll. There's no other explanation. 
 Regarding the 1 year vs 6 months thing, I might be wrong, but wasn't the "1 year" version only pop up once, while "6 months" was said more often? I think we should go with "6 months" for now, though if we can't be sure, we could just say "it takes place after the end of the manga" for now.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:47, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 Agreed, we will find out which it is sooner or later. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:09, July 21, 2015 (UTC) 
 What's the difference? Unlike the others animes, Duel Monsters is virtually a direct adaptation of the manga with a few different points. Unless the events of this movie can only occur essentially by something exclusive to the manga (Like Pegasus's death) then there is no problem assuming the movies are a continuation to both.  VinixTKOC  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:11, November 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Actually the Anime Diverges from the manga on MANY Points, just to name a few
 Anime!Pegasus lives and shows up later. 
 almost The entirety of "Season 0" got compressed into a few episodes of Duelist Kingdom 
 Some duels go very differently, especially at the end 
 Kaiba got shoehorned into things for his Popularity (Manga!Kaiba left the story after Battle city, Anime shoved him into the Millennium World.) 
 The Millennium World Anime was rushed and had some MAJOR Differences.  Bobasa  for example. 
 and thats just off the top of my head 
 Given Kaiba's focus, its probably gonna be that one, Probably gonna be related to that one and him never beating Atem. 
 Besides, its a moot point, it was explicitly Stated by Word of God that it was a continuation of the manga, which has a different continuity from the Anime. 
 Hands tied, we can't assume it is what it was explicitly stated it was not, even if the discrepancies of the 2 versions don't come up. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:26, November 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 In a way or another, the anime is an adaptation of the mangá. There are different points but it's route is the same as the mangá. And he would continue to adapt any other manga arc after Egypt arc, if it existed. In this case, i think it's logical that the events of the movie also happen in the anime. But this will not happen in mangá, it is already an animation, so there is no reason for adaptation, it would not make sense. What would you want them to do? An anime version with episodes like Dragon Ball Super did with both movies (Serving for the canon of BOTH media) just to say "Hey, these movies really DO make part of the canon of the animation"? I don't think it would work, nor it would make sense. VinixTKOC  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:09, November 20, 2015 (UTC) 
 Fraid that is not how Continuity works. Same overall plot does not make it the same work or same verse (Look at the Tenchi Muyo Franchise for plenty of examples on that). Manga!Verse is Manga!verse, Anime!Verse is Anime!verse. things happening in 1 adaptation is not going to automatically be true for the others. The Manga is the source work, and this movie is a continuation of its story. The anime is just an adaptation, one that already had its continuation in the form of GX and 5D's 
 Wait til after the movie is out to start making arguments about canon, if the movie even makes a passing mention of Pegasus being dead its instantly out of Anime!canon 
 til then, Anime =/= Manga, they are Seperate. This work is in Manga continuity, unless Konami, whoever is in charge of production, Takahashi or the work itself states otherwise, it isn't in the Anime canon. End of story. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:24, November 20, 2015 (UTC) 
 New Trailer 
 There it is, there's anime scenes on the new trailer, i think that's proof enough that it's a sequel to both the manga and the anime.  VinixTKOC  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:14, December 12, 2015 (UTC)
 
 And here we go again... 
 for starters, where is this new trailer you speak of. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:20, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 Were you referring to this by any chance?  http://www.cloudy.ec/v/a291282a74004  if so then damn am I glad what you think means exactly nothing because that proved exactly nothing. nothing but new Footage. 
 Now if you want to continue demonstrating you haven't any understanding of continuity or the definition of "Speculation", please keep this up. Til then I will make this as clear as it can possibly be.  It has explicitly stated that it is following the events of the manga, by irrefutable sources. That is Fact. The Manga Canon is different from the Anime Canon. That is Fact. It is your Speculation, with no proof whatsoever, against said sources, you lose. Nothing short of a Proclamation from God himself will ever change the fact that this is NOT following the events of the Anime. 
 If that's still too hard to understand....well you have my pity. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:13, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wshKFmiaYtQ 
 ok you were probably referring to this one, and Kaiba is there are Atems departure...interesting but it still proves nothing 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:35, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 Kazuki Takahashi was quoted on the  back of the poster from the San Diego Comic-Con  as specifically saying the film followed the events of the original manga.  A rough transcription of the SDCC panel interview  says more specifically, it takes place "6 months after the original manga ended." The new trailer hints that it may be a mash-up of both the anime and manga, but only because of the re-used anime footage. We don't know if the scene was only used as convenient "set-up footage." We're not going to take a leap of faith, we're going to stick with what we know for now. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:33, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 Awww, that was what I was gonna say if/when he responded 
 More seriously, there is also the small possibility of a retcon, but yeah its most likely because there is obviously no footage of the manga version of events. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:54, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 Featured cards 
 So...should we be linking to the anime card pages or the manga card pages?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:04, December 12, 2015 (UTC) 
 So Medium VS Continuity? 
 ...good question, I'd say Continuity, but it would probably end up on its own page if we did that, so my votes for Anime Pages 
 Could wait and see which would "Fit" better once the movie is out too. 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:10, December 13, 2015 (UTC) 
 New Trailer out 
 Here it is:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAszeNUTGJs 
 Hope none of you complain about where it is now. :P Psukeo ( Talkity talk talk ) 18:59, March 9, 2016 (UTC)
 
 New scenes 
 I just found this :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zcIG0I_urI 
 At 0:49 , it shows Kaiba is summoning a monster that is called "Krystal Dragon" , LV6 , Light Attribute . His other cards includes Lord of D. and new cards .
 Later , yugi is summoning ( ANOTHER ) new Gaia monster which doesnt have a mount .
 Daywithoutgames  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:53, April 7, 2016 (UTC)
 Is the movie able to be watched online or is it only in theaters in Japan for now?  YugoTheClearWindRider  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:44, April 24, 2016 (UTC)
 
 References 
 What's the point of having the same reference over and over and over again? They all relate to the very same article, no?  E n e r g y   X   ∞  17:18, April 30, 2016 (UTC)
 
 Okay. I've moved the plot summary reference  to one spot . --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 23:26, April 30, 2016 (UTC) 
 Dude, Where's The Dueling? 
 Hi! I'm YRPOtaku169! 16:27, June 16, 2016 (UTC) 
Where are the details for the duels that occur during this movie? 
I want to see how the various cards were used. —This unsigned comment was made by  YRPOtaku169  ( talk  •  contribs )  
 
 If we had that information, it would be in the article. No one who edits this wiki has actually seen the movie and there are only incomplete duel summaries available from a few sources.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:01, June 16, 2016 (UTC) 
 Cleanup needed? 
 This article  has been flagged  as needing cleanup. Could we get more details on what needs tidying up, so this can be actioned? --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 19:58, July 19, 2016 (UTC)
 
 Virtual Dark Yugi or Atem? 
 Should we be using "(Dark/Yami) Yugi" or "Atem" to refer to Kaiba's virtual opponent? He was created from Kaiba's memories of Dark Yugi, who was not called "Atem" in the entire time Kaiba knew him. Did Kaiba refer to the virtual opponent by name in the film? --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 19:27, July 22, 2016 (UTC)
 
 I've checked  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory  and he's called "Dark Yugi" in the portion of the book that details the Duel between him and Kaiba. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 19:46, July 22, 2016 (UTC) 
 We should change it, then probably. I don't know why I chose to use "Virtual Atem" to be perfectly honest.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:13, July 23, 2016 (UTC) 
 I saw a clip of the Duel, and yes, Kaiba still calls him Yugi. -- XBrain130™ 「 Ｘ ブレーン１３０ 」  11:43, July 23, 2016 (UTC) 
 Dub: Continuation of the manga or the anime 
 Will the English dub be a continuation of the manga or anime?  Scheepybird  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:06, September 5, 2016 (UTC)
 
 The marketing in English has not mentioned the manga, but that doesn't really mean anything. If you squint enough, it can easily be a continuation of the anime anyway since most fans probably won't notice the implicit plot contradictions that would bring up.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:30, September 5, 2016 (UTC) 
 Names of the characters 
 Why are the names of the characters on english?==
 I thought it was standard to use the romanized names since they're the ones used on the official translation for the manga, and since this movie takes place on the manga continuity it just makes no sense to use the anime dub names
-- EdgarDom  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:46, September 8, 2016 (UTC)Edgar81539
 
 Probably because the official website was using the English names.  Scheepybird  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:14, September 9, 2016 (UTC) 
 Anime Articles 
 Considering the dub of the movie is going to be a continuation of the anime, should we include it in their anime articles once it's released?  Scheepybird  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:34, November 12, 2016 (UTC)
 
 I know the anime has been mentioned in the marketing for the film's dub and I don't think the manga has been. Probably for familiarity sake. But is there any evidence that the dub actually considers the TV series and film to be in the same continuity? It says stuff like "features anime's most beloved characters", but the same words could be used to describe video games, without implying a shared continuity. 
 If there is evidence that they are in the same continuity, I don't think we need to go much further than putting a link to the  DSOD  sections of the manga pages onto the anime pages, with a note explaining that those events are also considered to have happened in the dub. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 19:32, November 12, 2016 (UTC) 
 Appearances list 
 I removed the list (both then and now) due to its redundancy, given that the majority of the listed items were already listed in the summary for the movie. It only serves to make the page longer without adding any truly significant information.
 TheycallmeBrick  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:57, February 4, 2017 (UTC)
 
 The same can be said for "featured cards" lists and Duel records on character pages. The information can usually be found elsewhere on the page, but you shouldn't need to read an entire biography or summary to learn what Duels someone took part in or what characters appear in a film. Dedicated sections make the information more quickly identifiable. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 11:11, February 5, 2017 (UTC) 
 It's been nearly three weeks and nobody has replied. Would anyone object to me re-adding the section? --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 21:23, February 24, 2017 (UTC) 
 Nah, I wouldn't.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:32, February 24, 2017 (UTC) 
 I would.  TheycallmeBrick  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:08, February 24, 2017 (UTC) 
 I would say film pages are pretty distinct from other anime pages and it may be information is listed better in that format here. I have no objection to re-adding.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:17, February 25, 2017 (UTC)
 No objections here.  ChaosGallade  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:43, February 25, 2017 (UTC) 
 Do it 
 Dread  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:01, February 26, 2017 (UTC) 
 The someone Bakura lost 
 When Bakura says to Aigami that he also lost someone that day, was he referring to his mother and Amane?
 It seems like he was referring to his father, but during the  Shadow RPG , Dark Bakura mentions that Bakura's father owns the museum, implying he is still alive. The only other people we know that Bakura lost are his mother and Amane, who died in the same accident. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 11:50, February 5, 2017 (UTC)
 
 Silent Swordsman 
 So, this is a weird one. Based on the ATK that "Doom Volt" lost from " Warrior's Devotion ", the card in question is " Silent Swordsman LV5 ". Yugi simply calls it "Silent Swordsman" though (and its obviously NOT the card literally called " Silent Swordsman "). This is inconsistent with the anime/manga "Silent" monsters that are just the "LV0" forms with ATK increases. None of them have 2300 ATK. So it looks to be the TCG version of "LV5", but the ONLY thing we have to go on is the lost ATK score. I also suppose it technically counts as a debut for this card?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:18, February 15, 2017 (UTC)
 
 The movie uses modern versions of all cards. Even in the Ceremonial Duel flashback, "Gold Sarcophagus" has the OCG lore rather than the crazy "put a card inside the sarcophagus and negate that card when it's played" that is how it was used in that duel. And note that "Silent Magician" has a blue color scheme, meaning they also mirrored her OCG version. So yes, we can assume that they are being consistent with the OCG here rather than the anime/manga. In the manga, "Silent Swordsman LV5" isn't a physical card, so Yugi wouldn't have been able to discard it; this is clearly the OCG "Silent Swordsman LV5". Like I suggested on your Talk Page, I think we should add all the "LV" versions of 1 and above from DM only as alternative card images in the galleries of the "LV0s", since they are not physical cards in DM, and the "Silent" monsters shown in this movie should be added simply as, for example, "Silent Swordsman LV5 (anime)", since it's the first time the actual physical card was used in the anime.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:27, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 Lores 
 So, what's the deal with the cards having "Printed lores" and "Millennium Book lores"? What exactly are the "Printed lores"? Just the OCG/TCG lores? 'Cause we have separate anime articles exactly so that we can just list the anime version of the cards. Adding "4kids lore" to the ones with English images is understandable, but I don't see any point in adding "Printed lores" to the cards. The Millennium Book lores are the actual lores of the anime versions of the cards and that's the only lore that should be listed aside from official 4kids lores.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:30, March 16, 2017 (UTC)
 
 Sorry, but you're mistaken. Japanese images of the cards have surfaced, and they have JP-PSCT lores (which we called printed lores for some reason) that sometimes don't match up with the blurb-like weirdness of the Millenium Book. -- XBrain130™ 「 Ｘ ブレーン１３０ 」  14:06, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 Wait, so "printed lores" are the actual lores visible in the cards? In that case, I have a different suggestion. Things as they are are pretty confusing right now. Shouldn't we only leave the lores shown in the cards (both JP and EN) in the card's article, and add the Millennium Book lores in the Card Lores page if they don't match? The lores shown in the movie /are/ the final lores, after all. And from what I saw from an actual picture of the Millennium Book, those seem to be very "reconstructed lores" to me just explaining overall what the card does rather than an actual transcripted lore, so I'm not even sure those lores should be listed anywhere except for cards whose written lore wasn't shown. Either way, this "printed lore" + "Millenium Book lore" thing is pretty confusing as it is and I definitely think we should change it.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:02, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 That's exactly my opinion, but Cheesedude thinks Millenium Book lore should still be listed on the anime card page. -- XBrain130™ 「 Ｘ ブレーン１３０ 」  16:38, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 I think the printed lores should be the ones being displayed. The Millennium Book lores should be added under a new parameter and only be displayed on the main lore box if there isn't a printed lore (with a note saying they are the Millennium Book lores); or perhaps they can be displayed under the card box, just like other languages names/lores are. But I also have no problem with listing them under Card Lores pages.  Becasita   Pendulum   ( talk  •  contribs )  18:39, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 Do I really have to explain this again, guys? 
 Neither the Millennium Memory book NOR the movie cover all lores. There's plenty of cards in the movie, mostly monsters, which  do not have properly shown lores . Its ridiculous to tag those as reconstructed when we have the Millennium Memory lores to cover those gaps. The book also does not cover the final Duel, so we have to rely on card images for that. 
 There is no reason not to list BOTH lores if both are available. We have conflicting official sources our duty to provide accurate information means we specify that.
 The Millennium Memory lores are not confusing, so long as you read the citations IN EVERY ARTICLE that show where the lore is coming from.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:52, March 16, 2017 (UTC) 
 I expressed myself poorly. I didn't mean to list the cards' lores here as reconstructed. I meant that the lores shown in the Millennium Book are "reconstructed-ish lores". They aren't transcripted lores of the cards, they are more like an explanation of what they do. That becomes clear when you compare the actual lores of the cards to the Millennium Book lores. That's why I suggested this: If a card's lore is visible in the movie, we only list that lore in the article, because /that's/ the final lore used in the movie. Possibly, the Millennium Book lore could be added to a Card Lores page. If a card's lore is not visible in the movie but we have a Millennium Book lore, we list the Millennium Book lore adding a reference to it (like we did). But, I insist that listing both "Printed lores" and "Millennium Book lores" in every card's article is way too confusing, /mostly/ if you consider that when we get EN images we'll have a /third/ lore, the "4kids midia lore". Do we really wanna have three lores in a card's article?  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:42, March 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 I don't think I could disagree with you more on this if I tried. You can't just decide the lores from an official source don't look proper enough to be real lores. This is a  DM  movie we're dealing with, of course the lores are going to be weird. We do want to separate the lores into different parameters so its less cluttered, but I'm going to need a damn good reason to not list MM lores in the card articles and you have not given me one.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:05, March 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 The Millennium Book is an official book, which means the lores printed in it are official lores. They're not "kind of" official, or "reconstructed-ish", or anything else of the sort. It doesn't matter that they're printed in a companion book to the movie instead of in the movie itself, nor does it matter whether they look weird, etc. And given that each lore is prefaced by a label clearly showing what the lore is from, I fail to see how having both on card articles is the slightest bit confusing.  「 ディノ 奴 千？！ 」 ?  ·  ☎ Dinoguy1000  17:21, March 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 I wasn't suggesting that because the Millennium Book lores are weird (heck, I'm used to working with manga lores, those are a thousand times weirder), I was suggesting that because they differ from the actual lores shown in the actual movie. And I only suggested not listing them in the main card articles but listing them in a Card Lores page instead, and only for the cards we have the actual lore visible in the movie. And it's confusing because "printed lore" sounded like "OCG/TCG lore" for me before it was explained to me, and with the eventual "4kids lores" we're gonna actually have three different lores per card article. But if you still disagree, eh, no prob then.  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:21, March 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 We can't really have one take precedence over the other, because again, both sources have gaps that the other source covers. 
 "Printed lore" may indeed not be the best way to word it and I'm certainly open to suggestions on that. "Written lore" perhaps? I guess that has the same issue. That's a fair point as far as causing confusion though, but its a solvable issue without stripping out the MM lores. 
 Apologies if I came off as angry. This movie just manages to annoy me in ways I never thought possible from YGO.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:07, March 18, 2017 (UTC) 
 How about "Movie lore" (the lore shown in the movie) and "Millennium Memory lore" (the lore shown in Millennium Memory)? And don't worry, I know it can be stressful to take part in so many discussion around here. On a side note, any opinion about the "Silent Swordsman" topic right before this one?  LegendaryAsariUgetsu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 13:50, March 18, 2017 (UTC) 
 I would have thought that the  Millennium Memory  lores, and in general lores that are written with the specific incarnation of the card in mind, would take higher priority. Displaying  OCG  lores over made-to-measure lores in the film itself and the anime series seems like a decision the staff made for simplicity, not for integrity. When I open an anime card page, I'm most interested in knowing how the card worked in the anime. The fact that it was printed with its lore from another medium is an item of interest, but I wouldn't regard it as the most important lore. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 14:42, March 18, 2017 (UTC) 
 The "printed lore" is not the English lore/TCG lore. "printed lore" is the lore shown in the Japanese movie, which usually does not match what Millennium Memory says (the effects may be  functionally identical  but  technically different  in a lot of cases, in others they're just way far off from one another). 
 Due to the dub using the TCG lores, I do feel that should be specified on each page, but not to the exclusion of the other lores either.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:29, March 18, 2017 (UTC) 
 Some things that I noticed ... 
 Finally finished watching my Japanese DVD , the plot and some dialogues make no sense . Here are some things :
 http://i790.photobucket.com/albums/yy185/daywithoutgames/Dark%20Side%20Dimensions/ghjjg.jpg 
During the credits , the letters form the Millennium Puzzle and the word " YU*GI*OH !" ( Though Im not sure about the credits of the English DVD ) . Could we add this to the trivia section ?
 http://i790.photobucket.com/albums/yy185/daywithoutgames/Dark%20Side%20Dimensions/fgfgd.jpg 
The  Quantum Cube  has seven sides , they probably represent the seven Millennium Items . In the picture , you can see the Puzzle and the Ring . What is going to happen when the Cube contains all seven items ?
 http://i790.photobucket.com/albums/yy185/daywithoutgames/Dark%20Side%20Dimensions/hjhjh.jpg 
For some unknown reasons , Bakura is the only one in the school who has a stand-out uniform with different color than everyone else 's . And previously ,  Mr. Karita  only complained about Bakura's stand-out hair .
 Duke Devlin/Ryuji Otogi probably dropped out of school , and now he works full time at the Coffee shop . I dont see him anywhere in the school scenes .
 The obsession of Kaiba with Atem is kind of creepy . For his duel with the Virtual Atem , he chooses the church setting , does he want to marry Atem or something ?
 http://i790.photobucket.com/albums/yy185/daywithoutgames/Dark%20Side%20Dimensions/hhdfe.jpg 
This page and some other characters 's pages say that only Aigami , Sera and Mani survived Yami Bakura Kid's attack , but actually the other 4 kids survived as well ( their hair styles and hair colors match ) .
 Is it explained anywhere why Sera still looks like a kid why all other kids have grown bigger over the years ?
 Also , I think the only confirmed deaths are Shadi and Millennium Ring's Evil Spirit . The other people , who were disintegrated , were simply sent to another dimension , and they all return at the end , off-screen : Scud and his gang , the Kaiba Korp Guard with visible gun , the fat egyptian guy who was in charge of the orphanage ...
 Obiwan Kenobi : "If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine." After Shadi was killed , he became a wandering ghost , more shady and more powerful than before , so why does this make Aigami angry at Bakura ?
 Daywithoutgames  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:34, March 30, 2017 (UTC)
 
 Probably needs to be on the forums, but let's do this. 
 What's your point? The cube never contained the Items, did it? 
 Variant/he's neater than the others/animation budget. Even on a movie this gorgeous. 
 It is possible that he's in a different class or that he's focusing on his gaming career, using the job to support himself. Course, that all depends on whether Domino High have changed their policy on jobs. 
 Atem's dead. Kaiba's trying to revive him. Hence the church. 
 I always thought that they ended up being part of the creepy kids, but that's it's own kettle of blimmin' weird. 
 No. It's possible that she's just short. 
 Do they? Diva implies in both versions that the characters are killed; in the Japanese he traps them in a dimension that slowly erodes and vanishes, along with them, and in the English, it appears that he traps them in a dimension made of their memories that is slowly erased. 
 This assumes that Shadi even told Diva; remember, this is the guy who made Marik think that Atem killed Ishtar. He's not exactly known for communication skills. 
 Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:48, March 30, 2017 (UTC) 
 
I just checked the manga again and now I get it : Bakura was a transfer student and that is the uniform from his previous school . 
 In the manga , his uniform looks the same as Domino School uniform , but Kazuki used a slightly different shading for it ( who could notice this in a black-and-white manga ) .
 It proves that Bakura is very cheap : he studied in Domino for about 1-3 years but still kept his old uniform and didnt buy a new Domino uniform . Can I add this to the Bakura pages ?
 Daywithoutgames  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:03, April 1, 2017 (UTC)
 
 Cheap or poor? There's a difference, and remember that Bakura lives on his own, doesn't seem to have a job (bar possibly his diorama making for the museum), and spends his money on his Monster World games.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:47, April 1, 2017 (UTC) 
 Cubic Wave 
 I'm by no means an expert on translation. But something doesn't quite make sense on the Aigami vs. Yugi duel. During "Move 4", Aigami's turn, he activated "Cubic Wave" and the article is saying that its effect remains as long as "Cubic Karma" on the field. Isn't this supposed to be "Cubic Wave" not "Cubic Karma"? "Cubic Karma" was sent to the Graveyard during "Turn 3".  Omega64 狐  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:28, February 25, 2018 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: