Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_203


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 203 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 マハードの決意 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Mahādo no Ketsui 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Mahado's Determination 
 
 
 English 
 The Intruder - Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 203 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 5, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 12, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Intruder - Part 1 " 
 " Makings of a Magician " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   " Burst Stream of Destruction " 
 3   Mana Pops in for a Visit 
 4   Mahad's True Power: A Dark Future Lies Ahead... 
 5   Featured monsters 
 6   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 ( Battle continues from previous episode ) 
 
 " Burst Stream of Destruction " 
 The  Pharaoh  just entered the battle and Summoned " Obelisk the Tormentor ". However its attack is repelled by " Diabound 's" " Burst Stream of Destruction " ending the clash between the two monsters in a draw. They both return to the Pharaoh and  Thief King Bakura 's respective  DiaDhanks . 
 At this point, Bakura climbs back on his horse and escapes the palace. 
 Leaning over his palace's balcony to witness Bakura's escape, the Pharaoh notices an inverted pyramid sticking out of the sky. He is the only one who can see it however, and wonders if it has any relation with Bakura's  Ultimate Dark Game . 
 Back in the present,  Seto Kaiba  is examining the  Millennium Eye  that  Yami Bakura  left him. Upon close inspection, he sees a vision of the events currently unfolding in the past: it's the scene on the Royal balcony with the Pharaoh and  Priest Seto !
 Seto decides to get to the heart of this matter once and for all, and departs for Cairo on his Blue-Eyes jet. 
 Meanwhile,  Yugi  & his friends are still trying to find the door leading to the Pharaoh's past. 
 Mana Pops in for a Visit 
 Speaking with  Aknadin ,  Priest Seto  reveals the Imperial army has been posted throughout a wide area: Bakura will not be able to hide for long or escape the perimeter they have established. He also suggests to find criminals harboring, capture them, and extract their KA: they should be able to find one which is powerful enough to become an almighty weapon.  Aknadin  thinks to himself that if Bakura is a survivor from the village of  Kul Elna , his anger and hatred must be immeasurable, which is what gives  Diabound  so much power.  Priest Seto  argues that this exactly what they should be looking for.  Aknadin  argues that creating a KA from hatred is a terrifying thing to do.  Priest Seto  goes on saying this: if they can reduce the number of criminals with this, they'll be essentially killing two birds with one stone. 
 Meanwhile,  Isis  is attempting to use her  Millennium Necklace  to foresee the future, but in vain. Ever since Bakura arrived, her vision of the future has been clouded by a creeping shadow. 
 Pondering about his past on the balcony of his Royal palace, the  Pharaoh  is warned by  Mahad  it would not be wise to remain so exposed, especially after that day's events. They both retreat to the insides of the palace.
 They are "intercepted" by  Mana  (who strikes a very close resemblance to " Dark Magician Girl ") a childhood friend of Mahad & the Pharaoh. It's revealed she and the Pharaoh studied magic and military arts together, before he became the ruler of Egypt and they acted like siblings.  Mana  distractedly calls the Pharaoh 'Prince', which causes  Mahad  to scold Mana as their friend is already the Pharaoh. The  Pharaoh  doesn't mind and is amused when  Mahad  makes a slip and also calls him 'prince', something which makes  Mana  giggle.  Mahad  questions  how  she got there, taking into account the heavy vigilance: she confesses that she has been improving her magical arts and managed to accomplish what's named a  immobilization spell .  Mahad  orders her to cancel it, but she cannot remember the formula even while looking it up on her magical arts book (looking reminiscent of her present-day incarnation), so he does it instead. 
 Meanwhile from a distance,  Thief King Bakura  is thinking about how to get a hold of the  Millennium Items . Doing it at once is impossible, so he decides to settle on one and then go for the rest at a leisurely pace. He vows to get ahold of  Mahad 's  Millennium Ring  first, for which he has a particular affection (understandably, as it was the property of present-day  Bakura Ryou ). 
 Mahad's True Power: A Dark Future Lies Ahead... 
 The Pharaoh tries to ask  Mana  what his name is, but she goes on muttering without being able to tell him his name. Her dialogue goes like this: "What are you saying, Prince? The Prince is, obviously, the prince! Ah! No! It's now the Pharaoh... Huh? The Pharaoh is the Pharaoh and the Prince is the Pharaoh... But the Prince is the Prince and... Eh?". 
 Back in the Royal court,  Mahad  tells the Pharaoh that his team of sorcerers is getting ready to erect a new seal around the tomb of  Aknamkanon  as they speak. He sets off to the tomb with his servants, carrying a giant Sealing Tablet with him.
 Isis  tries to use her  Millennium Necklace  to foresee the future again. This time it shows glimpses of what's yet to come, including a tragedy awaiting  Mahad .
 Mana  wants to accompany her master, but  Shimon Muran  prevents her from leaving, saying it is too dangerous and she is only a student. Thinking to himself, he also reveals that once  Mahad 's strength as a wizard was so great he had to seal part of it to prevent harm from being done. If he were to  unleash his true power , he would be more powerful than any of the Priests in the Pharaoh's court and the most powerful magician in the whole world. 
 As he is leaving,  Mahad  is confronted by  Isis  who tells him of her doubts concerning his future. Mahad tells her not to worry and that he would prefer not to know what she saw. As he departs, Isis does tell him however that in her vision, " Despite everything... In the end, the one who wins is you. ". 
 As he leaves the city we share a vision of  Mahad 's childhood, and how he once saved the Pharaoh's life by getting bit by a poisonous snake instead of him. The Pharaoh then sucked the poison out of Mahad's wound. The Pharaoh (then Prince) claimed that he could not understand the class system. He announces that he wants to create a kingdom in which the class system doesn't exist (similar to the current society). Mahad is now determined to defeat Bakura to ensure that the Pharaoh's dream can become a reality.
 Instead of going to the Valley of Kings (where  Aknamkanon  is buried),  Mahad  goes to the Magicians' Training Ground and calls upon the power of his  Millennium Ring  to unleash the ancient power he once concealed there. 
 Thief King Bakura  enters the Sanctuary, and is separated from his faithful servants. He confronts  Mahad  alone. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Thief King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 
 Pharaoh Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 Tablet Shrine Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 Future Events Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 Illusion Magician 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Yugioh203.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121216193346']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes