Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Episode_111


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 終焉のとき．．．！ 相棒に託した絆 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shūen no Toki...! Tomo ni Takushita Kizuna 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Time of the End...! Bonds Entrusted to a Friend 
 
 
 English 
 A World of Chaos: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 111 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 7, 2013 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 May 24, 2014 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Dual-ism of Mirrors " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " GO WAY GO WAY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Halfway to Forever " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Akemi Yokota 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " 
 " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 ", known as " Time of the End...! Bonds Entrusted to a Friend " in the Japanese version, is the one hundredth and eleventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 7, 2013 and in the United States on May 24, 2014.
 Dark Mist 's expansion of the " Chaos Field " causes agony to  Yuma  and  Astral . Yuma tries his best to continue  Dueling  despite overwhelming unfavorable odds, only remaining standing due to sheer willpower and guts, having been pushed to the absolute limits. Astral responds to Yuma's hot-blooded passion, "It's important to believe in your friends no matter what", by transforming into  ZEXAL  with Yuma! But will the hot-blooded Dueling Soul of these two be enough to lead the way to victory?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuma Tsukumo vs. Number 96 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Errors 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 At a balcony on sunset,  Yuma  complains he is late.  Astral  asks if this is a supplementary lesson, and Yuma says  Mr. Kay  taught him something he could not understand. Astral says this must be a supplementary class, then (in the dub, Astral asks if Yuma got sent to detention again and Yuma denies it, claiming that he stayed a bit longer after everyone went home). Yuma exclaims, "Wha?!" and laughs nervously. Later, he and Astral are about to Duel, but Astral admits he is glad to meet Yuma. Yuma is taken aback, but Astral says he is entrusting the " Numbers " to him. Yuma starts to protest, but Astral thanks him. Yuma sheds a tear and suddenly finds himself back in the Duel against  Number 96 . Astral calls out to him and Yuma wonders what he's doing here. Astral tells Yuma to get his act together and reminds him that they are in the middle of a Duel. Number 96 asks if Yuma is hallucinating now.  Tori  asks what's wrong with Yuma and  Kite  says Yuma's expression is in the Duel in body, but not in spirit (in the dub, Kite says the  Sphere Field 's shocks are sapping away Yuma's energy).
 From a floating crystal, Vector watches the Duel. He muses that Number 96 is doing whatever he wants out there (in the dub, Vector calls Yuma a clueless little twerp, thinking he doesn't know what he's up against) and notes that it's interesting to see the " Chaos Field " inflict pain to both players, calling it an enjoyable sight. Back at the Duel, Astral says the  effect  of " Number C92: Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon "  negated  the effect of " Swords of Burning Light "; their next move will be critical. Number 96 takes on a crazed expression and says there will be no next move for his opponents (in the dub, he says it's been fun, but all good things must come to an end). He orders " Number C69: Heraldry Crest of Horror " to  attack directly .  Shark  says this isn't good; a direct attack at 4000 ATK will cause Yuma and Astral to lose. Astral tells Yuma to use the effect of " Gagaga Gardna " in his hand, as a direct attack was  declared , and Yuma does so. As Yuma currently has a monster, "Swords of Burning Light"  destroys  itself. Number 96 calls this a useless struggle and decides to continue the attack. "Heraldry Crest of Horror" fires a purple beam from between its horns, but Astral activates the effect of "Gardna", letting Yuma  discard  " Bacon Saver " to prevent the destruction of "Gardna" by battle (Yuma himself discarding the card is cut from the dub). A blue bubble surrounds "Gardna", blocking the attack. Number 96 reminds them that they will still take damage. The attack knocks them back, their  LP  reduced to 1500. Tori yells Yuma's and Astral's names. As they rise, Number 96 says this will not change their destruction and attacks "Gardna" with " Number C96: Dark Storm ". He activates its effect, detaching a  Chaos Overlay Unit  to reduce the ATK of "Gardna" to 0 and have it gain the same amount of ATK. Tentacles lance out from the midsection of "Dark Storm" and impale Gardna, draining its ATK in pink energy and giving it to "Dark Storm", increasing its ATK to 2500. Yuma counters by activating the effect of "Bacon Saver" in the Graveyard, banishing it to negate the attack. "Bacon Saver" rises from the Graveyard portal and sneezes out its skeleton (the skeleton is cut from the dub). "Dark Storm" releases purple waves from its face and destroys the skeleton instead of "Gardna". A disgusted Number 96 calls Astral's persistence unsightly (in the dub, Number 96 demands Astral to tell Yuma he will not win). Astral affirms that he and Yuma will not lose. Number 96 attacks "Gardna" with "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon". "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" fires a purple beam from its mouth and destroys "Gardna". The attack knocks Yuma and Astral into a crystal wall, electrocuting them in the process. Their friends look on in horror. The attack reduces them to 500 LP. Number 96 asks them if they intend to keep fighting with this much LP left. Yuma declares that he will not give up yet. Number 96 calls Yuma a foolish human and activates the effect of "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon", gaining LP equal to the damage he inflicted this turn. "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" is surrounded in yellow energy and roars. This increases Number 96's LP to 7500. Kite repeats the value in astonishment, while Yuma exclaims, "No way!" Number 96 asks Yuma if he understands; he cannot be defeated (this exchange is cut from the dub). Yuma finally rises to his feet and yells at Number 96 to stop talking nonsense. He slumps forward and insists that he and Astral will not lose, thanks to the power of their bonds. Yuma attempts to yell, " kattobingu ", but falls to the ground in exhaustion. Astral and Tori yell Yuma's name, as Number 96 and Vector chuckle at the sight. Astral says Yuma fought well. He tells him to get some rest, but Yuma refuses and tries to get back up. Worried for his friend, Astral decides to take over the Duel for Yuma. His  Duel Disk  manifests on his arm and the cards in Yuma's  D-Pad  fly to it. Astral says Yuma has a heart that refuses to give up, along with a will to continue moving forward in a straight line without looking back towards those who believe in him (in the dub, Astral says Number 96 has caused enough harm today; he will put an end to his reign). He adds that whatever form he and Yuma may take, they will always fight together and declares himself as Number 96's new opponent. Number 96 calls what Astral said nonsense (in the dub, Number 96 is fine with the decision; Yuma was not much of a challenge anyway). He compares it to the  Astral World , a fragile world that falls apart when even the smallest amount of malice sneaks in. As proof, he adds that the human and  Barian Worlds  are on the verge of destruction. The  Numeron Code  appears between them and Number 96 affirms that he is the existence equal to a God (Number 96's views of the three worlds is cut from the dub). He vows to destroy Astral right now and activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Number Karma ". If Astral does not control a "Number" monster during his  End Phase , he will take 500 damage. Shark exclaims, "Say what?!", while Kite elaborates that if Astral does not Summon a "Number", he and Yuma will lose. Number 96  Sets  a card and ends his turn.
 Astral thinks that he still has " Number Return " Set. With it, they can  Special Summon  a "Number" monster from the Graveyard. Currently, " Number 39: Utopia ", " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " and " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon " are in there. Then he realizes that Number 96 may be luring him with "Number Karma" and he has two Set cards ready for whatever may come next. Number 96 asks Astral on what he will do next (in the dub, Astral has already made up his mind on what monster to Summon; Number 96's Set cards are cut from the dub). Astral starts his turn and reminds himself to keep moving forward without looking back. He then activates "Number Return". He explains its effect and Number 96 asks what "Number" Astral will bring back. Kite guesses it could be "Heraldry Crest", while Shark speculates it could be "Heart-eartH Dragon". Astral decides on neither one and Special Summons "Utopia" instead. The other effect of "Number Return" attaches the other "Numbers" in the Graveyard to "Utopia" as Overlay Units. Number 96 chides Astral for reviving "Utopia" instead of one of the other two more powerful "Numbers". Yuma wakes up and tells Number 96 that "Utopia" is the first bond he shared with Astral (in the dub, Yuma says "39" is their lucky number). No matter how bad the Duel is, "Utopia" is there to give them hope. It was the "Number" that had been fighting alongside them the longest, which is why they believe in it. Number 96 calls them fools and says trust does nothing but provide suspicion, create hatred and cause betrayal; he will erase these bonds of trust one by one, calling a world without trust an ideal one (in the dub, Number 96 says if Yuma and Astral were smart, they would forget about trust; as a result, he relies in no one but himself). Yuma regains the strength to rise and calls Number 96's ideal world nonsense. There are many people around the world with different personalities. While they may make mistakes, someone will teach them the right way, which is why people keep their friends close. When one becomes close to a friend, a strength twice or thrice as strong is born (in the dub, Yuma says having people other than yourself makes everyone better and stronger while making life meaningful). Astral reminds Yuma to finish the Duel together with  ZEXAL . Yuma agrees and performs the ZEXAL morph with Astral, with their friends watching in awe. During the transformation, Astral chants, "When the souls of two people come together bound by their true bonds, a miracle is handed down!" ("When two distant souls become one, the power of ZEXAL is revealed" in the dub)
 Number 96 is astonished at the transformation, but tells them it is too late. Yuma tells him that the power of their bonds will beat him down. He declares " Chaos Xyz Evolution !" and uses "Utopia" as an Overlay Unit to Special Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". Number 96 calls Yuma a fool and activates his  face-down  " Number Lockdown " (in the dub, Number 96 tells Yuma that he can change his appearance, but not the fact that he is a horrible Duelist). A crystal pillar rises behind Yuma and "Utopia Ray" is chained to it. Number 96 explains its effect: it prevents a "Number" monster from attacking, destroys it at the End Phase and inflicts damage to the opponent equal to its ATK. Shark realizes that Yuma will take 2500 damage. Number 96 says this is the end (in the dub, he asks his opponents on what they will do next). Astral reminds Yuma they still have another move left and Yuma activates " Xyz Treasure ",  drawing a card  for each  Xyz Monster  on the field; he draws four cards since there are four Xyz Monsters. As Yuma's palm glows with rainbow-colored energy, Astral chants, "The Duels of the strongest Duelists are inevitable! Even the draws are decided by the Duelist!  Shining Draw !" (in the dub, Yuma recites this chant) After drawing the cards, he says they will give him victory. He activates one of those cards, " Utopian Hope ", preventing all "Utopi" monsters from being affected by card effects, while negating those that are already affecting them. The crystal behind Yuma cracks, freeing "Utopia Ray" of its bonds. He activates its effect three times, detaching an Overlay Unit to increase its ATK by 500 and decrease the ATK of an opponent's monster by 1000 for each Overlay Unit detached. The ATK of "Utopia Ray" increases to 4000, while Yuma targets "Heraldry Crest of Horror", its ATK reduced to 1000. Next, Yuma  Normal Summons  " ZW - Sleipnir Mail ". He equips it to "Utopia Ray", increasing its ATK by 1000. Both monsters are surrounded by yellow light and combine together; when the light fades, "Utopia Ray" is shown mounted on "Sleipnir Mail". Yuma activates " Overtake Summon ", allowing him to detach an Overlay Unit from any monster to Special Summon a Level 4 or less monster from his hand. He detaches the last Overlay Unit from "Dark Storm" and Special Summons " ZW - Asura Strike ". After being Summoned, "Asura Strike" transforms into red energy and into another set of swords as Yuma activates its effect, equipping it to "Utopia Ray" and giving it 1000 more ATK, brining its ATK to 6000. He adds that "Utopia Ray" can now attack all monsters his opponent controls once each. 
 Number 96 yells "Impossible!" ("It attacks all three of my monsters?!" in the dub), while Kite and Shark say with 7500 LP, Number 96 will be defeated. Yuma attacks "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" with "Utopia Ray", but Number 96 calls Yuma naive and activates " Chaos Alliance ". This changes the ATK of all " Chaos " monsters to the ATK of the monster with the highest ATK. "Dark Storm" has the highest ATK out of Number 96's monsters, so the ATKs of "Heraldry Crest of Horror" and "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" become 2500. Yuma declares " Rising Sun Asura Divider !" as "Utopia Ray" slashes at "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" with its swords, destroying it and dropping Number 96 to 4000 LP. "Utopia Ray" then attacks and destroys "Heraldry Crest of Horror", reducing Number 96 to 500 LP. A surge of electricity briefly runs through Yuma's body and he realizes that "Dark Storm" is the only monster left. Number 96 reminds him of its effect - when it is destroyed by battle, both players take damage equal to its ATK. Yuma says the same trick won't work twice, shocking Number 96. He attacks "Dark Storm" with "Utopia Ray" and activates the effect of "Slepnir Mail", making the ATK of "Utopia Ray" equal to the ATK of "Dark Storm". Shark asks if Yuma is aiming for a draw. Yuma continues his attack and succeeds in destroying "Dark Storm", with "Utopia Ray" going down with it. Number 96 calls this tactic foolish, as Yuma lost his "Number" and "Number Karma" will inflict enough damage for him to lose (in the dub, Number 96 says he himself will go down as well). This time, Astral speaks through Yuma and says Number 96 made a miscalculation (in the dub, Yuma is the one who speaks, saying this is what Number 96 thinks). He activates the effect of "Slepnir Mail", Special Summoning "Utopia" from the Graveyard when the equipped monster is destroyed. Number 96 yells, "Impossible!" again and Yuma reasserts that "Utopia" is the bond between him and Astral - it will guide them to victory. In disbelief, Number 96 stutters that he is a God - how can he lose? Yuma and Astral simultaneously command "Utopia" to attack Number 96 directly with "Rising Sun Ragna Kaiser Slash". As the attack connects, Number 96 is pitched backward and rolls along the ground. When he stops, his LP hit 0. 
 After the Duel, Yuma falls to his knees. Tori exclaims that Yuma and Astral won as ZEXAL. As Yuma catches his breath, he asks if they won, while Astral confirms it. From his crystal, Vector is disappointed that Yuma won again. Number 96 is sprawled out on the ground. He mutters that he is a God, yet he lost. Astral asks Yuma if he can stand and Yuma says he can. From the other side of the arena, Number 96 yells, "ASTRAL!" Everyone else looks at him and he says if Astral will win, he will just take his body anyway. He transforms into a spear of dark energy and aims for the combined Yuma and Astral. Astral tells Yuma to separate and they do so before they get hit. Yuma is thrown back to the ground and Astral takes the hit; the spear penetrates him through the chest (Astral being struck by Number 96 is cut from the dub). Yuma rushes to Astral's aid, but Astral warns him to stay back. The dark energy seeps into Astral's body, leaving a dark mark on his heart. Number 96's voice says Astral will not save the Astral World (in the dub, Number 96 tells Yuma that he cannot help him; in fact, Astral cannot help himself). Astral's body takes on the same color scheme it had before Astral and Yuma forcefully did  Dark ZEXAL . A dark cloud with Number 96's eyes appears around Astral and Number 96 declares he is still a god (in the dub, Number 96 does not mention being a god). The ground starts to shake and fragments of it start to float and carry Yuma's friends. Yuma yells Astral's name and Number 96 says he will erase everything, including Yuma and his friends as Astral continues to struggle. Astral thinks things will not go well if this keeps up. With the desire to protect Yuma, Astral concentrates, starting to expel Number 96 from his body. Number 96's cloud vanishes and an explosion rocks the Dueling arena. When it clears, crystal shards start to rain down. Yuma calls out to Astral, who is floating above a large crater and fading in and out. He runs up to him and Astral says Yuma is safe. Yuma calls him an idiot for being reckless and asks why he undid ZEXAL (in the dub, Yuma exclaims that Astral defeated Number 96 himself, when he should have done it with Yuma). Astral replies he did not want Yuma to be dragged into this. Yuma asks why not, because they are friends. Astral replies he did it because Yuma was an irreplaceable friend to him. He had taught him many things over and over, such as to cherish friendships and having the heart to believe in friends. Astral says he and Yuma will part here and entrusts the "Numbers" to him. The crater beneath Astral's feet start to glow with a blue light. Yuma asks what Astral means and if he is joking. His eyes start to form tears and he says he can't leave Astral. Astral starts to disappear and extends his hand. Yuma extends his hand as well as he yells at Astral not to leave. Astral smiles sadly, thanking Yuma for everything, and disappears completely. Yuma yells his name and the  Emperor's Key  falls off his neck and into the void. A blue light shines from the crater, enveloping everyone present. When it clears, Yuma and the others find themselves back at  Heartland City  at sunset, back to where they started. Yuma looks around yells for Astral, but he sees Tori sobbing, while Shark and Kite appear equally upset. Yuma pats where the Emperor's Key used to be, then yells Astral's name in anguish.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuma Tsukumo vs. Number 96 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Turn 5: Number 96 
" Chaos Number 69: Heraldry Crest of Horror "  attacks   directly , but  Yuma   activates  the  effect  of " Gagaga Gardna " to  Special Summon  it ( 4/1500/2000) in  Attack Position . The second effect of " Swords of Burning Light " then  destroys  itself. A  replay  occurs and Number 96 uses "Heraldry Crest of Horror" to attack "Gagaga Gardna", but Yuma activates the second effect of "Gagaga Gardna" to  discard  " Bacon Saver " and prevent "Gagaga Gardna" from being  destroyed by battle  (Yuma: 4000 → 1500 LP). 
 " Chaos Number 96: Dark Storm " attacks "Gagaga Gardna" and  Number 96  activating the third effect of "Dark Storm" to  detach  a  Chaos Overlay Unit  ("Dark Storm": 2 → 1 ORU), decrease the  ATK  of "Gagaga Gardna" to 0 ("Gagaga Gardna": 1500 → 0 ATK) and increase the ATK of "Dark Storm" by the lost amount ("Dark Storm": 1000 → 2500 ATK). Yuma activates the effect of "Bacon Saver" to prevent "Gagaga Gardna" from being destroyed and reduce the  Battle Damage  to 0 by banishing "Bacon Saver" from his Graveyard. 
 " Chaos Number 92: Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon " attacks and destroys "Gagaga Gardna" (Yuma: 1500 → 500 LP). At the end of the Battle Phase, Number 96 activates the second effect of "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" to increase his  LP  by the total amount of battle damage Yuma took during this  Battle Phase  (Number 96: 4000 → 7500 LP). At this point, Yuma collapses and is unable to stand up, so  Astral  takes his place with the same amount of LP and Deck. Number 96 activates " Number Karma ". Now during each End Phase, if the player does not control a " Number " monster, they will take 500 damage. Number 96  Sets  a card.
 Turn 6: Yuma/Astral 
 
       Yuma and Astral combine into  ZEXAL II     
 Astral draws " Xyz Treasure ". He then activates his  face-down  " Number Return " to revive " Number 39: Utopia " (a "Number" monster) in Attack Position and attach " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " and " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon " (which are both "Number" monsters that equal the total amount of monsters required to Xyz Summon "Utopia") to "Utopia" as Overlay Units ( 4/2500/2000, ORU: 0 → 2). 
 Astral and Yuma perform a  ZEXAL Morph , becoming  ZEXAL II . Yuma  overlays  "Utopia" with its two Overlay Units via  Chaos Xyz Evolution  in order to Xyz Summon " Chaos Number 39: Utopia Ray " ( 4/2500/2000, ORU: 3) in Attack Position. Number 96 activates his face-down " Number Lockdown " by targeting "Utopia Ray" (a "Number" monster). Due to "Number Lockdown", the effects of the targeted monster are  negated  and it can't attack. Also during the End Phase, the targeted monster will be destroyed and Yuma will take  damage  equal to its ATK. Yuma activates " Xyz Treasure " to draw four cards (one for each  Xyz Monster  on the field) and performs a  Shining Draw  while conducting the effect of "Xyz Treasure". 
 
         ZEXAL II prepares a  Shining Draw .     
 Yuma activates " Utopian Hope ", which negates the effects of "Number Lockdown" and destroys it (as it was targeting a " Utopic " monster) as well as prevents "Utopic" monsters from being targeted by card effects. Yuma activates the effect of "Utopia Ray" three times, detaching all of its Overlay Units ("Utopia Ray": 3 → 0 ORU) to increase its ATK by 1500 (500 for each Overlay Unit detached) and decrease the ATK of "Heraldry Crest of Horror" by 3000 (1000 for each Overlay Unit detached) ("Utopia Ray": 2500 → 4000 ATK; "Heraldry Crest of Horror": 4000 → 1000 ATK). Yuma  Normal Summons  " ZW - Sleipnir Mail " ( 4/1000/1000) in Attack Position. He then activates the first effect of "Sleipnir Mail" to  equip  it to "Utopia Ray" and increase its ATK by 1000 ("Utopia Ray": 4000 → 5000 ATK). 
 Yuma activates " Overtake Summon " to detach an Overlay Unit from "Dark Storm" ("Dark Storm": 1 → 0 ORU) and Special Summon " ZW - Asura Strike " (a  Level  4 or lower monster) ( 4/1000/1000) in Attack Position. Yuma then activates the first effect of "Asura Strike" to equip it to "Utopia Ray", increasing its ATK by 1000 ("Utopia Ray": 5000 → 6000 ATK)  and allowing it to attack all monsters Number 96 controls once each. 
 "Utopia Ray" attacks "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon", but Number 96 activates his face-down " Chaos Alliance " to change the ATK of all " C " monsters he controls to that of the monster he controls with the highest ATK, which is "Dark Storm" ("Heraldry Crest of Horror" and "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon": 1000 → 2500 ATK). [Notes 1]  "Utopia Ray" destroys "Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon" (Number 96: 7500 → 4000 LP). "Utopia Ray" then attacks and destroys "Heraldry Crest of Horror" (Number 96: 4000 → 500 LP). 
 Number 96 states that due to the second effect of "Dark Storm", Yuma will take the same amount of battle damage Number 96 will take if "Dark Storm" would be destroyed in battle. "Utopia Ray" attacks "Dark Storm" and Yuma activates the third effect of "Sleipnir Mail" to change the ATK of "Utopia Ray" to that of "Dark Storm" ("Utopia Ray": 6000 → 2500 ATK). Both monsters are destroyed in a  Double KO . As the equipped monster was destroyed, Yuma activates the final effect of "Sleipnir Mail" to revive "Utopia" ( 4/2500/2000) in Attack Position. "Utopia" attacks directly (Number 96: 500 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo/Astral Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Bacon Saver 
 Gagaga Gardna 
 ZW - Asura Strike 
 ZW - Sleipnir Mail Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 69: Heraldry Crest 
 Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon 
 Chaos Number 39: Utopia Ray Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Overtake Summon 
 Swords of Burning Light 
 Utopian Hope 
 Xyz Treasure 
 Traps 
 Number Return 
 
 Number 96 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Chaos Number 69: Heraldry Crest of Horror 
 Chaos Number 92: Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon 
 Chaos Number 96: Dark Storm Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Field 
 Number Karma 
 Traps 
 Chaos Alliance 
 Number Lockdown 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Chaos Number 39: Utopia Ray 
 Chaos Number 96: Dark Storm 
 Trivia 
 When  Number 96  lost the Duel, he fell in a similar fashion like  Vector  when he lost to  ZEXAL II . 
 Defiant Heart and Mind  is played as the preview theme for  the next episode , making it the only track in the franchise to be used as a preview theme in place of the standard preview theme. 
 Errors 
         The regular " Numbers " instead of their " Number C " versions.     
 Shortly after " Number 39: Utopia " was revived by " Number Return ", " Number 96: Dark Mist ", " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon " and " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " were shown on  Number 96 's  D-Pad  rather than their "Number C" versions. This was corrected in the dub. 
 When  ZEXAL II  appears there are no cards in his Duel Pad, but shorty after the transformation sequence, his whole Deck is back in his Duel Pad. This is likely due to the transformation sequence being recycled from its previous appearance, where Yuma's Deck had been depleted. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written Japanese anime lore of " Chaos Alliance " states that it  targets  only one  monster , not every monster its user  controls . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   season 2 episodes 
 #074 " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " #075 " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " #076 " Hard Knox " #077 " Rule Duel " #078 " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " #079 " Doom in Bloom " #080 " Rivals in the Ring " #081 " The Friendship Games " #082 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " #083 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " #084 " Playing Defense " #085 " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " #086 " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " #087 " Dual Duel: Part 1 " #088 " Dual Duel: Part 2 " #089 " Darkness Dawns " #090 " You Give Love a Bot Name " #091 " Take a Chance " #092 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " #093 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " #094 " Enter Vector " #095 " The Search for Shadows " #096 " Shadows of Deception " #097 " Sinister Shadows " #098 " Shadows End " #099 " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " #100 " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " #101 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " #102 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " #103 " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " #104 " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " #105 " Put to the Test: Part 1 " #106 " Put to the Test: Part 2 " #107 " Furry Fury " #108 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " #109 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " #110 " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " #111 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " #112 " Memory Thief: Part 1 " #113 " Memory Thief: Part 2 " #114 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " #115 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " #116 " Now or Never, Part 1 " #117 " Now or Never, Part 2 " #118 " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " #119 " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " #120 " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " #121 " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " #122 " Assimilation, Part 1 " #123 " Assimilation, Part 2 " #124 " Battle with the Barians " #125 " Fight for a Friend " #126 " Farewell for a Friend " #127 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #128 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #129 " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " #130 " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " #131 " Power Play " #132 " Barian vs. Barian " #133 " Vector the Victor " #134 " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " #135 " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " #136 " The Forsaken Palace " #137 " Clash of the Emperors " #138 " The New World " #139 " The Source Code " #140 " A Thousand Ways to Lose " #141 " The Fate of Three Worlds " #142 " The Battle of Three Worlds " #143 " The Future of Three Worlds " #144 " Last First Duel " #145 " Outclassed and Outmatched " #146 " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4d/Zexal_111.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130707153723', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/ZEXALIIEpisode111.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131018012335', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Rank_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/Number_96_vs_Zexal_II.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130708091651', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Ep.111_Error.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130708060933']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL episodes