Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Inzektor


 
 Inzektor 
 甲虫装機 「 インゼクター 」  ( Inzekutā ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Inzektor Ant ", " Inzektor Dragonfly ", " Inzektor Ladybug ", " Inzektor Hornet " and " Inzektor Firefly ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Inzektor 
 
 
 German 
 Insektor 
 
 
 Italian 
 Inzektor 
 
 
 Korean 
 인잭터   Injekteo   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Inzektor 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Inzektor 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Order of Chaos Galactic Overlord 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Astral Pack One Flames of Destruction OTS Tournament Pack 17 Brothers of Legend The Grand Creators OTS Tournament Pack 18 Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack 2012 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave LINK VRAINS Pack Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 World Premiere Pack 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Inzektor " ( 甲虫装機   Inzekutā ) is an  archetype  of  DARK   Insect   monsters  which was introduced in  Order of Chaos . Most "Inzektor" monsters  equip  themselves with other "Inzektor" monsters from the  hand  or  Graveyard , or have effects that  trigger  when they are equipped to one.
 "Inzektors" are used by  Weevil Underwood  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  and   Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelist  Nintendo Switch. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Support 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Synchro Build 
 7   Weaknesses 
 8   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The "Inzektor" monsters appears to be humanoids wearing various insect-styled armor. They also seem to be heavily inspired by the  Kamen Rider  franchise.
 
 Etymology 
 Each "Inzektor" monster is named after a type of arthropod.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Inzektor
 
 Origin
 
 
 Insect basis
 
 Kamen Rider reference
 
 
 Ant 
 Ant 
 ZECTroopers 
 
 
 Centipede 
 Centipede 
 Centipede Undead 
 
 
 Dragonfly 
 Dragonfly 
 Kamen Rider Drake 
 
 
 Earwig 
 Earwig 
 Earwig Fangire 
 
 
 Exa-Beetle 
 Rhinoceros beetle 
 Kamen Rider Kabuto 
 
 
 Exa-Stag 
 Stag beetle 
 Kamen Rider Gatack 
 
 
 Firefly 
 Luciola firefly 
 Kamen Rider Faiz 
 
 
 Giga-Cricket 
 Mole cricket 
 Mole Cricket Mutant 
 
 
 Giga-Mantis 
 Mantis 
 Kamen Rider OOO (Gatakiriba Combo) 
 
 
 Giga-Weevil 
 Weevil 
 Otoshibumi Yummy 
 
 
 Hopper 
 Grasshopper 
 Kamen Rider KickHopper / Kamen Rider PunchHopper 
 
 
 Hornet 
 Hornet 
 Kamen Rider TheBee 
 
 
 Ladybug 
 Ladybug 
 Electro-Wave Human Tackle / Kamen Rider Lady 
 
 
 Picofalena 
 Rosy maple moth 
 Kamen Rider Poppy 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Kamen Rider reference
 
 
 Armor Blast 
 Cast Off  Armor
 
 
 Final Inzektion 
 Rider Shooting 
 
 
 Inzektor Axe - Zektahawk 
 WizarDragon (AxCalibur) 
 
 
 Inzektor Crossbow - Zektarrow 
 Pegasus Bowgun 
 
 
 Inzektor Gauntlet 
 Visors 
 
 
 Inzektor Orb 
 Hyper Zecter 
 
 
 Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber 
 Perfect Zecter 
 
 
 Variable Form 
 Worm necklaces 
 
 
 Zekt Conversion 
 Put On  Armor
 
 
 Zektrike Kou-Ou 
 
 SB-913V Side Basshar 
 
 Playing style 
 " Inzektor Dragonfly ", " Inzektor Centipede " and, to a certain extent, " Inzektor Firefly " benefit from being equipped by an "Inzektor" monster, while " Inzektor Hornet ", " Inzektor Ant ", " Inzektor Ladybug ", " Inzektor Earwig ", " Inzektor Giga-Mantis ", " Inzektor Giga-Cricket "and " Inzektor Giga-Weevil " furnish benefits as equipment.
 "Inzektor Dragonfly", "Inzektor Ant", "Inzektor Centipede" and "Inzektor Hornet" can equip themselves with "Inzektor" monsters from the hand or Graveyard. If an  Equip Card  equipped to it is sent to the Graveyard, "Dragonfly"  Special Summons  any other "Inzektor" from the Deck, while "Centipede" adds an "Inzektor" from the  Deck  to the hand.
 Regular "Inzektor" monsters that work as equipment have a few different effects. The  Level 3  ones increase the  Level  of the monster they are equipped to by 3. "Inzektor Hornet" has the additional effect of increasing the host monster's  ATK  and  DEF  by 500 and 200 respectively and can destroy 1 card on the field by sending itself to the Graveyard. "Inzektor Ant" can destroy itself in place of the host monster while also boosting its ATK and DEF by 200 and 600 respectively. The effects of "Hornet" and "Ant" trigger the effects of "Inzektor Dragonfly" and "Inzektor Centipede".
 "Giga" "Inzektor" monsters can equip themselves right away from your hand and can increase the host monster's stats. "Giga-Mantis" makes its host's ATK 2400 and "Giga-Weevil" makes its host's DEF 2600. In addition, if they are sent to the Graveyard while equipped, they Summon another "Inzektor" from the Graveyard.
 "Exa" "Inzektor" monsters are the  Xyz Monsters  of this archetype and are able to equip your opponent's monsters to themselves.
 The "Inzektor" released in  Order of Chaos  aim to Xyz Summon a Rank 6 Xyz Monster, but later, in  Galactic Overlord , new "Inzektors" are focusing to get to a Rank 5 instead of 6 using Level 2 and 5 "Inzektors".
 Since the announcement of  September 2012 Lists , Inzektor decks have taken some very serious blows due to limitation of both " Inzektor Hornet " and " Inzektor Dragonfly ", which were their most important primary cards. However, supports from other Inzektor cards such as " Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber " and " Inzektor Ladybug " can still retain this deck's playability.
 "Inzektors" are an aggressive archetype, picking off cards and swarming while increasing card presence. The goal of any successful "Inzektor" play style should be  Field  control via the destruction effect of " Inzektor Hornet ". Almost any "Inzektor" monster can equip " Inzektor Hornet " and use Hornet's effect to send it to the  Graveyard  to destroy any card on your opponent's side of the field. If used in conjunction with the effect of " Inzektor Dragonfly " to  special summon  any "Inzektor monster" from your deck after losing an  Equip Card  you can quickly net +1 gains to field control. If you use " Inzektor Dragonfly " to summon " Inzektor Centipede ", you can add any "Inzektor" card from deck to hand, including any Spell cards or Trap cards. A player can add another " Inzektor Dragonfly " to hand to be used next turn or grab " Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber " which can turn even the weakest Inzektors into powerful beaters. And if " Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber " ever goes from the Field to the Graveyard it can add an Inzektor monster in your Graveyard back to your hand.
 " Inzektor Ladybug " can be used to increase the  Level  of any monster on your side of the field by 1 or 2 making Xyz or Synchro summoning even more versatile. A player can employ the same "Inzektor Loop" but with " Inzektor Ladybug " instead of " Inzektor Hornet " to make powerful  Rank 5 Monster Cards  like " Tiras, Keeper of Genesis "," Adreus, Keeper of Armageddon " or " Number 61: Volcasaurus . It's recommended to do this if your opponent has not played anything to their side of the  Field  making the destruction effect of " Inzektor Hornet " useless.
 Finally "Inzektors" are capable of a powerful  OTK . In the event that your opponent has not summoned any monsters or played any Spells or Traps in the hope of  Stalling , an Inzektor player can equip an " Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber " to their " Inzektor Dragonfly " and destroy it with " Inzektor Hornet ". By doing so a player triggers the effect of "Inzektor Dragonfly" twice putting two monsters onto the field, instead of one. The player can also make use of the effect of " Inzektor Giga-Mantis " to  Special Summon  a monster if destroyed while equipped to get even more monsters on the field. And then using " Number 20: Giga-Brilliant " to increase the attack of every monster on the field by 300. A player can quickly  Swarm  the field.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Inzektor Centipede 
 Inzektor Dragonfly 
 Inzektor Earwig 
 Inzektor Giga-Cricket 
 Inzektor Giga-Mantis 
 Inzektor Hopper 
 Inzektor Hornet 
 Inzektor Ladybug 
 Armored Insect Combination Zekstagger 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Beetron 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Metamorphosed Insect Queen 
 Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth 
 Summoner Monk 
 Tuner monsters 
 Effect Veiler 
 Plaguespreader Zombie Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Masked HERO Dark Law 
 Perfect Great Insect 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Powered Inzektron 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Inzektor Exa-Beetle 
 Inzektor Exa-Stag 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant 
 Number 28: Titanic Moth 
 Number 70: Malevolent Sin 
 Other  Rank 3  monsters 
 Other  Rank 5  monsters 
 Other  Rank 6  monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Inzektor Picofalena 
 LANphorhynchus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armor Blast 
 Final Inzektion 
 Inzektor Axe - Zektahawk 
 Inzektor Crossbow - Zektarrow 
 Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber 
 Zektrike Kou-Ou 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Book of Moon 
 Bug Signal 
 Cocoon of Ultra Evolution 
 Foolish Burial 
 Insect Imitation 
 Mask Change II 
 Release Restraint Wave 
 Verdant Sanctuary 
 Traps 
 Inzektor Gauntlet 
 Inzektor Orb 
 Variable Form 
 Zekt Conversion 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Corrosive Scales 
 Lair Wire 
 The Huge Revolution is Over 
 Trap Stun 
 Synchro Build 
 With the release of " Galactic Overlord ", Inzektors gain " Inzektor Ladybug ", a surprisingly useful card, and one of the key components to an Inzektor Synchro deck. An "Inzektor" Synchro deck relies less on "Hornet's" field control (although that is still present and commonly led) and more on " Inzektor Dragonfly 's ablility to summon another "Inzektor", which, in this deck, can be any of levels 1-6. Combine this with Tuners that can Summon themselves, like " Plaguespreader Zombie ", " Genex Ally Birdman " and " Unknown Synchron ", or Tuners that can Special Summon more copies of themselves, like " Naturia Cherries ", or even Tuners like " Krebons " that can negate attacks, and you have a remarkably flexible and surprisingly fast Synchro engine. Hornet still exists for field control, but "ladybug" and "Hopper" can trigger " Inzektor Dragonfly 's" effect too. " Inzektor Centipede " exists mainly to get "Inzektor Dragonfly" to your hand. " Inzektor Firefly " can help to Summon " Formula Synchron ", which can happen easily with " One for One " or similar cards. " Sangan " is useful, as it searches every Inzektor you would need as well as your Tuners. " Debris Dragon " can revive " Inzektor Hornet " or " Inzektor Ladybug " for another Synchro Summon as well. " Wind-Up Zenmaines " and " Leviair the Sea Dragon " are about the only Xyz you need (especially "Leviair", to bring back "Plaguespreader" for 2 more Synchro Summons).
 
 Weaknesses 
 " Effect Veiler ", " Fiendish Chain " and " Skill Drain " will easily stop " Inzektor Dragonfly ", " Inzektor Centipede " and " Inzektor Ladybug " from using their equip effects in the first place. " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror " can shut this Deck down, since there will be no way of equipping " Inzektor Hornet ". They also depend on being able to  Normal Summon  "Inzektor Dragonfly" or "Inzektor Centipede", so " Book of Moon " and " Trap Hole "  stall  the engine even just for a turn.
 Since the majority of their strength comes from "Inzektor Hornet", " D.D. Crow " and  Macro -based Decks in general cause problems. " Chain Disappearance " is also a detriment to this Deck since it can banish both "Inzektor Hornet" and "Inzektor Dragonfly" (especially since both of them are currently  Limited ), as well as "Inzektor Ladybug". Virus cards such as " Deck Devastation Virus " also make it difficult to use this deck, since most of the low-Level Inzektors have an ATK lower than 1500. 
 Also, since this deck relies on its setup for preparing its own bombardment tactics via "Inzektor Hornet",  OTK -based decks such as " Hieratic "s can usually take down this deck even before they can get their setups going.
 Since "Inzektor Centipede" has become crucial card in most recent Inzektor builds, cards like " Bottomless Trap Hole " and " Chaos Trap Hole " are effective for dispatching "Inzektor Centipede". " Thunder King Rai-Oh " can also stop its deck searching effect (assuming "Inzektor Hornet" does not destroy it first).
 Against a deck running many  WIND -attribute cards, " Mystic Fairy Elfuria " can badly slow down an Inzektor deck's  Xyz Summoning  choices through the limiting Rank 3, 4, 5 and 6 choices with its monster effect. And even if "Mystic Fairy Elfuria" leaves the field, its effect remains active until your next  End Phase .
 Finally because of the fact that "Inzektor"s equipped to other monsters are treated as " Equip Spell Cards , giving way to certain abilities, cards like " Dark Highlander ", " Eternal Rest ", " Really Eternal Rest ", " Tailor of the Fickle ", " The Emperor's Holiday ", " Disarmament ", " Armored Glass ", " Armor Break " and " Collected Power " can knock off their abilities on the Field. 
 
 Trivia 
 This archetype is similar to " Dragunity " and " Vylon " in that they equip with themselves in order to gain various effects. 
 They are also compared to " Masked HERO " since they both share Kamen Rider influence. 
   
" Inzektor " 「 甲虫装機 」 Members 
 Inzektor Ant Inzektor Centipede Inzektor Dragonfly Inzektor Earwig Inzektor Exa-Beetle Inzektor Exa-Stag Inzektor Firefly Inzektor Giga-Cricket Inzektor Giga-Mantis Inzektor Giga-Weevil Inzektor Hopper Inzektor Hornet Inzektor Ladybug Inzektor Picofalena 
 Inzektor Axe - Zektahawk Inzektor Crossbow - Zektarrow Inzektor Gauntlet Inzektor Orb Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber Zektrike Kou-Ou 
 Support 
 Inzektor Ant Inzektor Centipede Inzektor Dragonfly Inzektor Earwig Inzektor Firefly Inzektor Giga-Cricket Inzektor Giga-Mantis Inzektor Giga-Weevil Inzektor Hopper Inzektor Hornet Inzektor Ladybug 
 Armor Blast Final Inzektion Inzektor Axe - Zektahawk Inzektor Crossbow - Zektarrow Inzektor Gauntlet Inzektor Orb Inzektor Sword - Zektkaliber Variable Form Zekt Conversion Zektrike Kou-Ou 
 Related 
 Powered Inzektron 
 
 v e 
" Inzektor " 「 甲虫装機 」 a   Members 
 Inzektor Dragonfly Inzektor Exa-Beetle Inzektor Exa-Stag 
 Support 
 Inzektor Dragonfly 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Inzektors.png/revision/latest?cb=20120530023623']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)