Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Double_hit

A  double hit  is a technique for manipulating dice rolls used in  Monster World  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Procedure 
 The dice in  Monster World  consist of two ten-sided die, numbered 0-9. One die's roll is multiplied by ten and added to the other die's roll, making it possible to roll any number between 00 and 99, with the lowest numbers considered the best. It is more important for the die representing the tens to stop on a low number, than the one represent the ones, so the double roll takes advantage of using the ones die to get the tens die to stop on a low number.
 Each die has five even numbers grouped on one face and five odd numbers grouped on the opposite. By spinning the die representing the tens with the even side up, the chances of rolling a number between 00 and 09 is increased to 1 in 5.
 By putting a weaker spin on the dice representing the tens, it will stop before the dice represents the ones. If it stops on an undesired number, the player can vibrate the table to get the ones dice to strike the tens dice and change its number.
 
 Events 
 Dark Bakura  was believed to be using this technique against  Yugi  and his friends when they played  Monster World  and rolled a number of critical hits. After  Dark Yugi  began rolling for Yugi and his friends, he too started using the double hit to get critical hits. Once Dark Yugi exposed that they had both been manipulating the dice rolls, he and Dark Bakura agreed to drop the dice out of their hands when they roll in future to prevent abuse.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 54: " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 v e 
 Monster World Characters 
 Adventurers 
 Anzu 
 Hiroto (Honda) 
 Joey (Jonouchi) 
 Miho 
 Yugi 
 Dark Masters 
 Zorc 
 
 Monsters 
 Beega 
 Dragon 
 Gargoyle 
 Goblin 
 Pao (Zorc Arm Dragon) 
 Pokii 
 Zorc Arm Eyeball 
 Other NPCs 
 Bakura 
 Barman 
 Villager D 
 
 Locations 
 Forest 
 Monsley Kingdom 
 Village 
 Zorc Castle 
 Chapters 
 " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 Episodes 
 " A New Development - Attack of the Handsome Boy " 
 " Rival Clash - The Greatest Crisis " 
 " Friendship - From Legend to Myth " 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 Other 
 Dark Bakura and Yugi's group's  Monster World  game 
 Double hit 
 Land mine 
 
 Category:  Monster World 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Abilities, Monster World