Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:GXx029_-_Nightshroud_shows_card_that_drain_souls.png

For other versions of this character, see  Nightshroud (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Nightshroud 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Nightshroud 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Darkness 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ダークネス 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 World of Darkness 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Shadow Riders 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Red-Eyes  (through  Atticus Rhodes ) Clear  (through  Yusuke Fujiwara ) Darkness 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 
 Masked Darkness Dragon 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Dark Dragon Roar Dark Dragon Roar 2 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 28: " Grave Risk, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Jason Griffith  (while possessing  Atticus ) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Hozumi Gōda Kouji Yusa  (while possessing  Fubuki ) Makoto Naruse (while possessing  Fujiwara ) 
 
 
 
 Nightshroud , known as  Darkness  in the Japanese version, is a mysterious entity and the final antagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX . He was partially responsible for the  Abandoned Dorm  incident and the disappearance of  Yusuke Fujiwara . His identity was previously hinted in the first two seasons as he influenced the possessed  Atticus Rhodes , and later makes his full debut as the progenitor of the  World of Darkness , enacting his plot to engulf all humanity into his realm but was thwarted in his final duel with  Jaden Yuki .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Shadow Riders 
 2.3   Society of Light 
 2.4   Darkness 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
         Lineart of Nightshroud     
 Appearance 
 Nightshroud's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . While possessing a host, Nightshroud wears a tight-fitting overcoat with raised shoulders and waistline and gold and green trimmings.
 His dark dragon mask, resembling the head of " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon ", is completely black with the exception of its blue eye-pieces and a red stone in the center of the forehead. In this incarnation, the bangs closest to his face are positioned in front of the mask.
 Immediately before  Yusuke 's fall, Nightshroud's energy form is glimpsed as an immaterial spirit, with a body swathed in black smoke. He has two long, gangly arms ending in claws, and no legs.  His true form is a cloaked skeleton with glowing blue eyes resembling a Grim Reaper. He wears grey and red robes with gold trim, and has a dragon-shaped skull for a head with horns at the back of it, with the same shape as the mask his previous hosts wore. In this form he does not use a  Duel Disk  - instead, he grows five wings, each serving as one  Monster Card Zone  and one  Spell and Trap Card Zone  apiece. His cards materialize directly into his hands - his  Deck  is unseen.
 
 Personality 
 Nightshroud is a calm individual with the belief that individuality, hope, and bonds are what bring about people's suffering. He believes himself to be a "savior" and that complete peace can be brought into people through complete nullification (giving people neither hope nor despair). Nightshroud rarely loses his composure in conversations or Duels unless he is tricked or caught off-guard, especially if it relates to darkness within people. He sees people as beings that will eventually enter his world, but sees people with Duel Monster Spirits inside them as "foreign objects" that must be eliminated.
 When individuals show fortitude against Nightshroud by using hope and bonds, he will become determined to use anything he has to destroy all hope and bonds that people have within themselves and give himself a better advantage such as using illusions to trick his opponents, using any darkness they have against them, or using his opponent's Duel Partners against them.
 According to himself, Nightshroud follows the logic and truth of the world and thus has no actual desires.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Darkness uses the word  ware  (我) to refer to himself, just like  Zorc Necrophades  and  Z-ARC , and also uses  waga  (我が) as a possessive pronoun, a very polite and business-like way of doing so. This also speaks to the age of Nightshroud, as this way of speaking is no longer widely used and has not been since Japanese Feudal times.
 
 Abilities 
 Nightshroud is a supernatural entity capable of possessing other individuals. He was capable of possessing both Atticus Rhodes and Yusuke Fujiwara. His means of possession however seem to differ from person to person. In Atticus' case, he was only capable of exerting his control through " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " and " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " and once Atticus stopped using both cards it ceased any influence Nightshroud had over him. In Fujiwara's case it seemed to be in full control over him, mostly due to his negative feelings. Regardless defeating the possessed individual in a Duel will render the control null.
 As seen with the aforementioned "Red-Eyes" monsters it is implied he is capable of upgrading monster cards. Even when possessing individuals Nightshroud is able to do so only through mere parts of him. This enables him to survive despite even losing a Shadow Game in which his soul is gambled.
 Being the origin of the World of Darkness he has full control over the dimension, being able to direct and likely create the army of  Trueman  to assault the human world and imprison nearly all of the planet's inhabitants into his own world. Due to being born out of the darkness of human hearts, Nightshroud is essentially eternal and omnipresent and therefore can't be permanently defeated though he can be fended off.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Yusuke Fujiwara  learned about Nightshroud before the incident at the  Abandoned Dorm , heading to the Dorm's subterranean Duel arena in order to perform a ritual to free it and gain its power. However,  Atticus Rhodes , Yusuke's friend, followed him and became caught up in the ritual. Yusuke disappeared, giving Atticus the Nightshroud mask as he no longer needed it. Atticus resisted Nightshroud's influence from then on, til he was forced to embrace it and become its host in order to survive the Dorm's events. He encountered and defeated the  Gravekeeper's Chief , obtaining half of a  Shadow Charm  pendant.  Kagemaru  the leader of the Shadow Riders recruits Nightshroud into the organization.
 
 Shadow Riders 
         Nightshroud-possessed Atticus holding the card that will trap the loser's soul.     
 Nightshroud is introduced as the first of the  Shadow Riders  to challenge  Jaden Yuki , who had by that point become the owner of the other half of the Shadow Charm pendant (Nightshroud showed a desire to gain the  Sacred Beasts , but it wasn't explained why). Transporting Jaden Yuki,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Syrus Truesdale , and  Chumley Huffington  to the Academy's volcano, Nightshroud sets a  Shadow Game  in which the loser would have his soul sealed in a  card , using Syrus and Chumley as insurance, trapped inside an energy bubble over lava that weakens as Jaden loses  Life Points . Nightshroud uses his " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " to gain an early advantage, but when Jaden begins to counterattack, Nightshroud calls out his " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon ," which grows stronger for each  Dragon  in his  Graveyard , destroying Jaden's " Elemental Hero Tempest ." Jaden is able to split Nightshroud's monster in two with " Wild Half " and reduce the  ATK  of the copies, then  attack  them both with " Elemental Hero Wildedge " to win the Duel. When defeated, Nightshroud's soul, represented by the mask he wore, is  sealed away , and  Atticus , who had been the dark personality's vessel, is freed.
 
 Society of Light 
         Nightshroud  activates  " Dragon's Gunfire " after taking control of  Atticus Rhodes  to Duel  Zane Truesdale .     
 During the  Genex Tournament ,  Atticus  uses Nightshroud's Deck in hopes of convincing his friend,  Zane , that the dark path taken by a  Duelist  is a terrible course. As a result of playing his " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon ", Nightshroud's dark aura begins to resurface. Atticus is able to resist him and nearly win the Duel, but Zane protects himself with his " Power Wall "  Trap Card , throwing most of his Deck out in disrespect. This action causes Atticus to believe that Zane can't be helped, and the influence of Nightshroud that lay dormant within the card is once again able to take control of Atticus. Nightshroud immediately  destroys  Zane's last monster, leaving him with three cards in his Deck, but Zane is still able to bring out his " Cyberdark Dragon ", absorb the strength of " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " and destroy "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" to win the Duel. As a result, Nightshroud is banished back to his prison following his defeat.
 
 Darkness 
 He makes a subsequent return after  Jaden  accepts  Atticus ' proposal for a rematch to discover Nightshroud's secrets. Atticus also has nightmares about the day he became Nightshroud's host, which reveals he was not the first or only person to take up Nightshroud's soul. Adding to the mystery, while visiting the arena underneath the  Abandoned Dorm , Atticus is attacked by the Duel Monster Spirit  Honest , which is disguised as  Yusuke Fujiwara , knocking him unconscious in the process. After he recovers, Jaden visits Atticus in the nurse's office and Atticus comes up with the idea of having Jaden Duel Nightshroud (despite the obvious dangers) in order to uncover the entity's origins, which he does. Despite the use of " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon ", Jaden wins again, so Atticus once more stays free from Nightshroud. 
 
           Unmasked  Yusuke Fujiwara  under the control of Nightshroud.     
 Nightshroud later appears to Atticus during the final stages of  Trueman 's siege at  Duel Academy , still in Fujiwara's body, who has completely fallen under Nightshroud's influence and adopted its doctrine. He reveals himself as the mastermind behind the Trueman attacks and is thus the main antagonist of the events. Here, too, his true intentions and motivations are revealed. Nightshroud wanted all humans to be taken into the  World of Darkness  where they will ultimately give up on their own lives, because while in the dark world, they would be mentally tortured by visions of failing at their hopes and dreams. They would then become a single entity, sharing all joy and all suffering. Nightshroud claimed his actions are justified in that, with no more individuality, humanity's suffering will finally end. He Duels Atticus, who uses Nightshroud's former "Red-Eyes" Deck after modifying it, and shows him a vision during the Duel that leads Atticus to believe he ended it in a  DRAW , exploiting the darkness in Atticus's heart. In reality, Nightshroud had used the effect of his " Clear Vice Dragon " to prevent its destruction, allowing it to defeat Atticus and absorb him into the World of Darkness.
 Nightshroud is then challenged to a Duel by Jaden and  Jesse Anderson . He accepts on the condition that it be a  Battle Royal , attempting to search for the darkness in Jesse's heart. Despite the attempts of the " Crystal Beasts " to prevent him from finding out, Nightshroud was able to gleam that Jesse wanted to defeat Jaden, and he appeared to have briefly turned the two against one another, but they instead used their attacks on one another to gain advantages against Nightshroud. Though he defeats Jesse when Jesse sacrifices himself to protect Jaden, Jaden summons " Rainbow Neos " and empowers it with " Honest " to defeat Nightshroud's " Clear Vicious Knight " as well as purge Nightshroud from Fujiwara's body and destroy it.
 
           Nightshroud is defeated.     
 However, this did nothing to stop Nightshroud, as only part of him was destroyed, and Nightshroud then appeared in its true form. Nightshroud revealed that it created an artificial eclipse over the planet with its own dark world, blocking out the sun and pulling all humans into the dark world. This left Jaden,  Pharaoh  the cat, and the immaterial  Lyman Banner  as the last living things on  Earth . Nightshroud challenges Jaden to a final Duel, viewing Jaden as a "foreign object" that didn't belong in either world because he held a human spirit and a Duel spirit (referring to  Yubel ), and thus should be removed. Nightshroud reveals its origins, saying that in every person there is insecurity and inner turmoil: hopes and dreams failing before fear and guilt, creating "darkness", and itself as well. Nightshroud adds a justification to its actions, saying that it's natural for its world to replace the human world. He begins locking Jaden down with his " Darkness ," " Zero ," and " Infinity " combo. Jaden is able to work his way around it, until Nightshroud Summons " Yubel " from Jaden's Deck. Jaden is able to reclaim Yubel with " Super Polymerization ", fusing her with " Elemental Hero Neos " to create " Neos Wiseman ," which turns the tables completely in Jaden's favour. Claiming that humanity will lead themselves into ruin, Nightshroud shows Jaden a vision of a ruined future, but Jaden vows not to let it come to pass. Nightshroud is able to take control of the Duel again with " Darkness Seed ", allowing him to continually restore his  Life Points  to 4000. He then calls out his 4000 ATK " Darkness Neosphere " and destroys "Neos Wiseman," but Jaden in turn permanently disables Nightshroud's "Darkness" combo. During the Duel, Jaden reaches out to the humans trapped in the darkness, and reminds them of the cards that have guided them their whole lives. The trapped humans eventually free themselves, after which Jaden defeats Nightshroud with " Elemental Hero Divine Neos ." Though beaten and forced to return to the World of Darkness, Nightshroud claims that as long as there's darkness in humans, it would surely return, but Jaden counters by claiming that as long as humans believe in their bonds, Nightshroud will never return.
 
 Other appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force , Nightshroud appears in part 3, possessing  Atticus , while having brainwashed  Alexis  to be his partner. Both are returned to normal after the player defeats them.
 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Nightshroud's Decks 
 Nightshroud plays a variety of Decks in the anime. While possessing  Atticus Rhodes , He plays his  " Red-Eyes " Deck , with which focuses on the Summoning and powering up of " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " and its upgraded form " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon ".
 Through  Yusuke Fujiwara , Nightshroud plays a  " Clear " Deck , focusing on the negative effects caused by " Clear World " and disrupting the use of  Spell  and  Trap Cards  using his ace " Clear Vice Dragon ".
 Nightshroud's final Deck is a  " Darkness " Deck  while in his true form, which focuses on  field  control through a combo of " Zero " and " Infinity ", while using cards such as " Darkness Destroyer " and " Darkness Neosphere " as offense.
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Gravekeeper's Chief   (possessing  Atticus Rhodes ) 
 28  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  (possessing  Atticus Rhodes ) 
 29 - 30 
 Lose
 
 
 Zane Truesdale 
 89 
 Lose (replaced  Atticus Rhodes )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  (possessing  Atticus Rhodes ) 
 159 
 Lose
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes  (possessing  Yusuke Fujiwara ) 
 173 - 174 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki ,  Jesse Anderson  (possessing  Yusuke Fujiwara ) 
 175 - 176 
 Lose (Jaden), Win (Jesse)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 177 - 178 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 When Nightshroud describes the origin of the universe to  Jaden , he uses a single card as a metaphor. In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL , the  Numeron Code , a card said to have created all of reality, is a major plot point, possibly what Nightshroud was referring to. 
 The ruined future world that he briefly shows Jaden closely resembles the alternate future in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  that  Z-one ,  Antinomy ,  Aporia  and  Paradox  hail from. This also has some resemblance to  Z-ARC's  chaos to Earth in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , as well as the potential ruined future  Ai  witnessed in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS . Suggesting that until  Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction  made their move and motivated Yusei Fudo to create  Fortune  to prevent the  Meklord Emperor Genocide  in the  confirmed  timeline (with ZEXAL, ARC-V, and VRAINS being nebulous), Nightshroud  was  indeed correct about the world heading to its doom. 
 He is the only main villain of a season that doesn't redeem by the season's end. 
 Nightshroud's claim to be less a person than a force of nature is somewhat backed up by  his titular card  being a  Field Spell , rather than a  Monster Card  like previous antagonists. 
 v e 
Nightshroud (Darkness) pages 
 Anime 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Nightshroud) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Masked Atticus) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/DARKNESS.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090709150227', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/DarknessArt.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091227035219', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/GXx029_-_Nightshroud_shows_card_that_drain_souls.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150104013910', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/Darkness.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070616002510', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Yusuke_under_Nightshroud%27s_control.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100228063417', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Nightshroud_defeated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140401175920']
Categories: Characters, Nightshroud pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters