Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Satellite

This article is about the location. For the  series  of cards, see  Satellite (series) .      
         Typical street in Satelite.     
 Satellite , also known as the  Old Satellite District  (旧サテライト地区  Kyū Sateraito Chiku ) in Japanese, is the name of an island city located off the coast of  New Domino City  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds . It is also the hometown of several main characters in the anime, especially  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas , and  Crow Hogan .
 
 Overview 
 Satellite suffers from extensive urban decay and pollution, and is mostly used as a plant to recycle and process the garbage from New Domino. The people of Satellite are made to work at the plant and are generally viewed with disdain by the people of New Domino, who often refer to them as "scum" or "trash." Satellite citizens also don't have access to the advanced tech required for dueling on the market, especially  Duel Runners .
 
         A bird's eye view of Satellite and New Domino City.     
 Satellite and New Domino are connected only by a simple pipeline used for transferring garbage between the two cities. Although it is usually filled with trash 24/7, at midnight once per month, the pipeline is emptied for three minutes for automatic maintenance and a maintenance hatch connecting to New Domino opens up on the other side of the tunnel. However, even though this makes it possible to get to the city, the area surrounding the pipeline is heavily guarded by  Sector Security , making it very difficult to get through the hatch in time. As a result, Yusei is the only person to have successfully escaped to New Domino through the pipeline without an invitation.
 As later revealed by  Rex Goodwin , Satellite was originally part of New Domino and the first  Ener-D  reactor was also built in Satellite. However, when  Zero Reverse  occurred, the resulting tectonic shift caused Satellite to break off from New Domino and become its own island. As Zero Reverse also turned Rex's brother  Roman  into a  Dark Signer  and freed the  Earthbound Immortals  from their prisons, the city became home to the door to the Netherworld. 
 Knowing this, Rex then used his power as Director to turn New Domino into a hierarchical society and make it illegal for Satellite citizens to travel to New Domino. This way, when the war between the  Signers  and the Dark Signers finally started, New Domino would be out of harm's way and the damage would only be done in Satellite. After learning this, Yusei requested Goodwin to finally connect the two cities by completing the  Daedalus Bridge  after he and his fellow Signers defeated the Dark Signers for good. Naturally, Goodwin accepted his proposal, as there would be no good reason left to continuing discriminating against Satellite once the Dark Signers were no more.
 
         A view of Satellite after the completion of the  Daedalus Bridge .     
 Although Goodwin died as one of the Dark Signers, Yusei's request was not forgotten and within six months after the Dark Signers were defeated, an enormous network of bridges was constructed around the original Daedalus Bridge, finally connecting Satellite and New Domino after nearly two decades of separation. The reconnection between the two cities also caused living conditions in Satellite to dramatically improve, with significantly less pollution and poverty, and the city itself also gained a much more high-tech look, with numerous skyscrapers and rebuilt structures.
 During Yusei's duel with  Aporia , he traveled to Satellite in order to minimize the damage caused by the duel as much as possible. Furthermore, the  Divine Temple  was eventually revealed to be the ruins of Satellite from an apocalyptic future caused by humanity's abuse of  Synchro Summoning .
 
 Non-canon appearances 
           The Satellite Slum area in  Stardust Accelerator .     
           The Satellite Residential area in  Stardust Accelerator .     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator , the Satellite is divided into two areas, the Satellite Slum area and the Satellite Residential area. The  Port  and several factories are located in the Slum area. The hideouts and the entrance to the  Pipeline  are located in the Residential area.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia , the Satellite is also divided into two areas, the Satellite Slum and the  B.A.D. area , where  The Enforcers ' hideout, the  Daedalus Bridge , the  Sector Security  building and the Enerdy System Towers are located.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus ,  the Satellite is split between a southern main area, and the  port  to its north. In Chapter 2, the player visits a run-down Satellite with their grandfather  Klaus  to buy spare  Duel Runner  parts for  Toru . By Chapter 6, Satellite had been regenerated following the completion of the Daedalus Bridge. 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/59/StreetinSatellite.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080415102222', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/SatelliteandNewDomino.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20110108124810', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Modern_day_Satellite.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090724052809', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/SatelliteSlum-WC09.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110713053314', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/SatelliteResidential-WC09.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110713053312']
Categories: Cities, Islands