Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Akiza_Izinski_(Duel_Links)


 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 十六夜アキ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Akiza Izinski Deck Thorns of Pain Flower of Darkness Magnificent Rose Black Rose Blooming 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Bella Hudson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Ayumi Kinoshita 
 
 
 
 Akiza Izinski  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Akiza Izinski , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 She appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 6 of 5D's Duel World (DM), at which point her Character Unlock Missions become available. 
 Red  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Akiza Izinski at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 
 3.3.1   Stardust Cup 
 
 
 3.4   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 3.4.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 3.5   Tag Duel Tournament (fifteenth) 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 A Signer bearing the Mark of the Crimson Dragon.
 Akiza was branded as a witch and widely feared for her psychic ability to make damage from Duels real. Her powers isolated her from society - until Yusei's kindness allowed her to open her heart. Her Plant-Type Deck focuses on roses. Her ace monster is one of the Signer Dragons: " Black Rose Dragon ".
 
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Akiza Izinski Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Abyss Flower  x3 
 Arlownay  x3 
 Darkworld Thorns  x3 
 Dark Plant  x3 
 Man Eater  x3 
 Man-Eating Plant  x3 
 Queen of Autumn Leaves 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Thorns of Pain Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Abyss Flower  x3 
 Arlownay  x3 
 Dark Plant  x3 
 Darkworld Thorns  x3 
 Man-Eating Plant  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Seed of Deception  x2 
 Traps 
 Nature's Reflection  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Flower of Darkness Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil Thorn  x3 
 Lord Poison  x3 
 Rose Archer  x2 
 Rose Fairy  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glow-Up Bulb Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Fragrance Storm  x3 
 Traps 
 Doppelganger  x2 
 Plant Food Chain  x2 
 Star Siphon 
 Level 30 
 
 Magnificent Rose Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Queen of Autumn Leaves  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Rose Dragon  x3 
 Lord Poison  x2 
 Revival Rose  x3 
 Rose Tentacles 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glow-Up Bulb  x2 
 Twilight Rose Knight Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Splendid Rose Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Fragrance Storm  x2 
 Traps 
 Ivy Shackles  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Black Rose Blooming Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Botanical Lion  x3 
 Fallen Angel of Roses 
 Queen Angel of Roses 
 Rose Paladin  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Verger  x2 
 Twilight Rose Knight  x3 
 Witch of the Black Rose  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Splendid Rose Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Thorn of Malice 
 Wonder Clover 
 Traps 
 Blossom Bombardment 
 Overdoom Line 
 Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 Stardust Cup 
 
 Forest of Blooming Roses (incomplete) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Botanical Girl  x2 
 Lord Poison 
 Seed of Flame  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Raging Mad Plants 
 Traps 
 Plant Food Chain 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Special Cup 
 Skill: "Black Flower Bloom" (If your Life Points are at 3000 or below, play 1 "Black Rose Dragon" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.)
 
 
 Black Rose Gale Monsters  (17) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Rose Dragon 
 Fallen Angel of Roses 
 Lord Poison  x3 
 Queen Angel of Roses 
 Rose Archer  x2 
 Rose Paladin  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glow-Up Bulb  x3 
 Twilight Rose Knight  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon  x3 
 Splendid Rose Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Thorn of Malice 
 Traps 
 Wall of Thorns  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (fifteenth) 
 Skill: "Red Lotus" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play 1 "Ruddy Rose Dragon" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.)
 
 
 Black Rose Gale Monsters  (17) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Botanical Lion  x2 
 Fallen Angel of Roses 
 Rose Fairy 
 White Rose Dragon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Rose Girl  x2 
 Roxrose Dragon  x3 
 Ruddy Rose Witch  x3 
 Witch of the Black Rose  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black Rose Moonlight Dragon 
 Ruddy Rose Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Basal Rose Shoot  x3 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Akiza Izinski reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Rose Fairy "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Akiza Izinski)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Mystic Macrocarpa Seed "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Akiza Izinski)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Rose Fairy "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Overdoom Line "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Fusion Time! ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Mystic Macrocarpa Seed "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Overdoom Line "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Rose Fairy "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 ATK Booster: Synchro Warriors ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Mystic Macrocarpa Seed "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Thorn of Malice "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Overdoom Line "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Akiza Izinski)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Botanical Lion "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Violet Witch "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Botanical Lion "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Akiza Izinski, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Rosaria, the Stately Fallen Angel "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Revival Rose "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Rose Witch "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dark Verger "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Rose Tentacles "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Queen of Autumn Leaves "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rose Spectre of Dunn "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Thorn of Malice "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ivy Shackles "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Star Siphon "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Foot
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Copy Plant " to your deck. Then, add 1 " Black Rose Dragon " to your Extra deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Black Rose Gale
 
 Can be used the turn you Special Summoned "Black Rose Dragon" while you control "Black Rose Dragon". Destroys all cards on the field. This Skill will not activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck containing monsters other than  Plant-Type  monsters or " Rose Dragon " monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 What Grows in the Graveyard
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1500. Add 1 "Dark Verger" to your Graveyard from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monster's Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Akiza announces "Yusei, I want to know everything." followed by "What you see, what you feel during a Duel!
 When she wins the Duel, Akiza says "You taught me that my power is a gift and not a curse." 
 When she loses the Duel Akiza says "This mark doesn't make me a witch - it makes me special." followed by "Thanks for teaching that, Yusei." 
 Leo 
 When starting a Duel with  Leo , Akiza announces "Sure, Leo. Let's see if you learned any new moves at school!"
 When she wins the Duel, Akiza says "I win, Leo. You gotta study harder." 
 When she loses the Duel, Akiza says "Well done, Leo! Seems you're keeping up with your studies!" 
 Luna 
 When starting a Duel with  Luna , Akiza announces "Don't worry about going easy on me, Luna. Give it your all"
 When she wins the Duel, Akiza says "Don't forget - we're a team. So let's get stronger together!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Akiza says "Wow, Luna! You totally beat me!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Akiza Summons " Black Rose Dragon ", she chants " A cold flame envelops the world! Black flower, bloom! " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Akiza briefly appears and she announces "Come forth, Black Rose Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Black Rose Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Black Rose Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Feel the fury of Black Rose Dragon!" followed by "Black Rose Flare!" 
 When Akiza activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Black Rose Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "When it's Synchro Summoned, all cards are destroyed!" then followed by "Black Rose Gale!" 
 When Akiza activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Black Rose Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Black Binding Bloom!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Queen Angel of Roses ", a cut-in frame of Akiza briefly appears, and she announces "Descend from above!" followed by "Queen Angel of Roses!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Queen Angel of Roses strike!" followed by "Rose Trimmer!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Queen Angel of Roses destroys the monster with the lowest ATK!" followed by "Rose Burial!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rosaria, the Stately Fallen Angel ", a cut-in frame of Akiza briefly appears, and she announces "Arriving from the beginning of creation!" followed by "Rosaria, the Stately Fallen Angel!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Rosaria, the Stately Fallen Angel!" followed by "Valhalla Harvest!" 
 When Akiza activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Rosaria, the Stately Fallen Angel activates its effect!" followed by "Silence the land!" then followed by "Fallow WInter!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Fallen Angel of Roses ", a cut-in frame of Akiza's face briefly appears, and she announces "Fallen Angel of Roses!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fallen Angel of Roses attacks!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Gigaplant ", a cut-in frame of Akiza's face briefly appears, and she announces "I summon Gigaplant!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gigaplant! Attack!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gigaplant's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Splendid Rose ", she chants " This thorn hunter hides in the sacred forest! " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Akiza's face briefly appears and she announces "Appear, Splendid Rose!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Splendid Rose, whip 'em!" followed by "Aerial Twist!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I use Splendid Rose's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Stardust Dragon ", she chants " The hopes of the world coalesce into a single star! " followed by " Let's rev it up! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Akiza's face briefly appears she announces "Take flight, Stardust Dragon!" then followed by "Yusei... With your power by my side, I have nothing to fear!
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Stardust Dragon! Attack!" followed by "Cosmic Flare!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Stardust Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Blue Rose Dragon ", she announces "I summon Blue Rose Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blue Rose Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Blue Rose Dragon's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Botanical Lion ", she announces "Botanical Lion! Roar!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Botanical Lion attacks!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Copy Plant ", she announces "I summon Copy Plant!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "I attack using Copy Plant!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Copy Plant's effect activates!" 
 When Akiza summons “ Dark Verger ”, she announces “I summon Dark Verger!”
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Dark Verger!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Here's Dark Verger's effect!" 
 When Akiza summons “ Evil Thorn ”, she announces “I summon Evil Thorn!”
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Evil Thorn!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Evil Thorn's effect activates!" followed by "Evil Burst!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Glow-Up Bulb ", she announces "I summon Glow-Up Bulb!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Glow-Up Bulb, attack!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Glow-Up Bulb's effect activates!" followed by "Resurrect by sending the top card of my deck to the Grave!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Lord Poison ", she announces "I summon Lord Poison!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lord Poison attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Lord Poison's effect activates!" 
 When Akiza summons “ Revival Rose ”, she announces “Flower again! Revival Rose!”
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Revival Rose!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Revival Rose's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Archer ", she announces "I'm summoning Rose Archer!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rose Archer! Fire!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Rose Archer's effect my hand!" followed by "By sending her to the grave, I negate and destroy your Trap!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Fairy ", she announces "Rose Fairy!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Rose Fairy!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I added Rose Fairy to my hand!" followed by "Since it wad due to an effect, I can Special Summon her!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Lover ", she announces "I summon Rose Lover!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rose Lover attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Rose Lover's effect activates from my graveyard!" followed by "By banishing her, I Special Summon a Plant from my hand!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Paladin ", she announces "I'm summoning Rose Paladin!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rose Paladin! Attack!" followed by "Rose Spike!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Rose Paladin's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Tentacles ", she announces "I summon Rose Tentacles!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Rose Tentacles!" followed by "Rose Retaliation!"
 When attacking consecutively with "Rose Tentacles", Akiza says the following dialogue depending on the number of times she is attacking (max.5): "I'm not done! Rose Tentacles can keep attacking!" followed by "Double Whip!", "Triple Whip!", "Quadruple Whip!", "Whip 'em one last time!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Here's Rose Tentacles' additional effect!" followed by "When it destroys a plant in battle, you take 300 damage!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Rose Witch ", she announces "I summon Rose Witch!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rose Witch attacks!" followed by "Rose Whip!" 
 When Akiza summons " Twilight Rose Knight ”, she announces “I summon my Tuner Monster, Twilight Rose Knight!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Twilight Rose Knight attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Twilight Rose Knight's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Tytannial, Princess of Camellias ", she announces "I summon Tytannial, Princess of Camellias!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Tytannial, Princess of Camellias attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Tytannial, Princess of Camellias's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Violet Witch ", she announces "I present to you, Violet Witch!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Violet Witch attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Violet Witch's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Wall of Ivy ", she announces "I summon my Wall of Ivy!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Wall of Ivy attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Wall of Ivy's effect!" 
 When Akiza summons " Witch of the Black Rose ”, she announces “I summon the Tuner Monster, Witch of the Black Rose!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Witch of the Black Rose!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Witch of the Black Rose's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Akiza activates " Blossom Bombardment ", she announces "I reveal my Trap, Blossom Bombardment!" 
 When Akiza activates " Doppelganger ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Doppelganger!" 
 When Akiza activates " Fragrance Storm ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Fragrance Storm!" 
 When Akiza activates " Half Counter ", she announces "I activate my Trap! Half Counter!" 
 When Akiza activates " Ivy Shackles ", she announces "The Continuous Trap, Ivy Shackles!" 
 When Akiza activates " Miracle Fertilizer ", she announces "My Continuous Spell, Miracle Fertilizer!" 
 When Akiza activates " Magic Planter ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Magic Planter!" 
 When Akiza activates " Nature's Reflection ", she announces "I flip over my Trap Card, Nature's Reflection!" followed by "I reflect your effect's damage back to you!" 
 When Akiza activates " Overdoom Line ", she announces "My Continuous Trap, Overdoom Line!" 
 When Akiza activates " Plant Food Chain ", she announces "My Trap Card, Plant Food Chain!" 
 When Akiza activates " Raging Mad Plants ", she announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Raging Mad Plants!" 
 When Akiza activates " Seed of Deception ", she announces "The Spell Card, Seed of Deception!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 2 or lower Plant from my hand!" 
 When Akiza activates " Star Siphon ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Star Siphon!" 
 When Akiza activates " Thorn of Malice ", she announces “The Equip Spell, Thorn Of Malice!” 
 When Akiza activates " Urgent Tuning ", she announces "I activate the Trap, Urgent Tuning!" 
 When Akiza activates " Vengeful Servant ", she announces “The Equip Spell, Vengeful Servant! Strike down my foe!” 
 When Akiza activates " Wall of Thorns ", she announces “The Trap Card! Wall of Thorns!" 
 When Akiza activates " Wicked Rebirth ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Wicked Rebirth!" 
 When Akiza activates " Wonder Clover ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card! Wonder Clover!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Akiza Summons " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon ", she chants " The pure rose blossoms under the quiet moonlight!  " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Then she announces "Black Rose Moonlight Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Black Rose Moonlight Dragon" followed by "Rose Ballet!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Black Rose returns a Special Summoned monster to your hand!" followed by "Sing Black Rose, Rose Requiem!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Hedge Guard ", she announces "I summon Hedge Guard!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Hedge Guard attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Hedge Guard's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Lonefire Blossom ", she announces "I summon Lonefire Blossom!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lonefire Blossom attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Lonefire Blossom's effect!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis ", she announces "Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis attacks!" followed by "Flame Petal!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Take Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis's effect!" followed by "Scatter Flame!" 
 When Akiza Summons " Phoenixian Seed ", she announces "I summon Phoenixian Seed!"
 Most of the time when Akiza declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Phoenixian Seed attacks!" 
 When Akiza activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Phoenixian Seed's effect!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Akiza activates " Black Garden ", she announces "I activate the Field Spell, Black Garden!" followed by "Flowers shall bloom by feeding on the monsters' energies!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Akiza announces "Black Garden's effect activates!" 
 When Akiza activates " Mark of the Rose ", she announces “The Equip Spell, Mark of the Rose! Feel the pain of betrayal!” 
 Trivia 
 The inclusion of " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon " as card-specific dialogue comes from Akiza's usage of that card during the  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 When selecting Akiza to be used as a playable character, one of her lines "I fight for my friends", is a reference to Ike's victory from  Super Smash Bros  video game series. 
 Akiza has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan .
 Starting the Duel: Akiza announces "I want to earn your trust." followed by "So watch what I can do!" 
 Winning: Akiza announces "I'll hold up my end, so I'll never let the team down." 
 Losing: Akiza announces "I may have lost, but I'll come back stronger!" 
 Akiza has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: Akiza announces "As a Signer, I will defeat the Dark Signers!" followed by "Anything to help my friends!" 
 Winning: Akiza announces "I never had friends... until now. So I'll fight for them!" 
 Losing: Akiza announces "So this is... the power of the Dark Signers!" 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, and  Luna , Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Signers who share similar, if not identical dialogue for some of the  Signer Dragons :
 Yusei Fudo, Akiza Izinski -  Stardust Dragon 
 Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudo -  Black-Winged Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski, Yusei Fudo -  Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, Luna, Yusei Fudo -  Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Life Stream Dragon 
 Luna, Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 The inclusion of "Stardust Dragon" as card-specific dialogue comes from Akiza's use that card in her Duel against  Andre  of  Team Unicorn  in  episode 99  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. 
 v e 
 Akiza Izinski  (Aki Izayoi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Card 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/AkizaIzinski-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20181030065500', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/Profile-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925171513', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Icon-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925173926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/Icon-DULI-AkizaIzinski2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925173850', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Chibi-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231165046', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/81/CutIn-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925172115', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Summoning-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190604221949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Defeat-DULI-AkizaIzinski.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925165915', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Icon-DULI-5DsCupAkiza.png/revision/latest?cb=20200518014729', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Akiza Izinski pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters