Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lightray


 
 Lightray 
 ライトレイ  ( Raitorei ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Lightray Gearfried " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Lightray 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 光芒 
 
 
 French 
 Rayon Lumineux 
 
 
 German 
 Lichtstrahl 
 
 
 Italian 
 Raggiodiluce 
 
 
 Korean 
 라이트레이   Raiteurei   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Raio-de-Luz 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Rayoluz 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Galactic Overlord 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Return of the Duelist Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack Realm of Light Structure Deck OTS Tournament Pack 6 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights Duelist Set: Version Lightlord Judgment 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 " Lightray " is a  series  of  LIGHT   monsters  that debuted in  Galactic Overlord . In contrast to  Dark counterparts , they are LIGHT versions of existing monsters.
 All "Lightray" seem to have the same blue-and-white color scheme. They're mostly  Special Summoned  by having a certain number of cards  banished  or in the  Graveyard , and focus on banishing LIGHT monsters and supporting LIGHT  Attribute  monsters.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Recommended Cards 
 
 2.1   Monster Cards 
 2.2   Extra Deck 
 2.3   Spell Cards 
 2.4   Trap Cards 
 
 
 3   Sworn of Lightray 
 4   External links 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Lightray counterpart
 
 Original card
 
 
 Lightray Daedalus 
 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 
 
 Lightray Diabolos 
 
 Diabolos, King of the Abyss 
 
 
 Lightray Gearfried 
 
 Phoenix Gearfried 
 
 
 Lightray Grepher 
 
 Warrior Dai Grepher 
 
 
 Lightray Madoor 
 
 Neo Aqua Madoor 
 
 
 Lightray Sorcerer 
 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 
 
 Recommended Cards 
 Monster Cards 
 Magical Merchant : Sends many  LIGHT   Monsters  to your  Graveyard . 
 D.D. Warrior Lady : Helps the Special Summon of " Lightray Sorcerer " and " Lightray Madoor ", it's also  Warrior - Type  to use " Lightray Gearfried 's" effect. 
 Freed the Brave Wanderer : Banishes LIGHT monsters in your graveyard (to summon "Sorcerer"/"Madoor") in addition to destroying high-ATK monsters, it's also Warrior-Type to use "Lightray Gearfried's" effect. 
 Lightsworn  monsters: Sends many LIGHT monsters from your Deck to your Graveyard. You can use different Lightsworns to help the Summon of the Lightray monsters that need monsters with different names. 
 Hieratic  monsters: also make good use of Lightrays, since all Hieratics are LIGHT monsters and can easily swarm the field with  0 ATK Monster Cards  that will eventually be destroyed or Tributed for use of Lightrays. 
 Extra Deck 
 Magi Magi ☆ Magician Gal  /  Norito the Moral Leader : "Sorcerer" and "Madoor" are both Level 6 Spellcasters. 
 Spell Cards 
 Future Fusion : " Lightray Diabolos " and "Lightray Gearfried" need LIGHT monsters with different names in your  Graveyard  to be summoned. With "Future Fusion", you'll be able to quickly send the necessary monsters from your Deck to your Graveyard by selecting one of those Fusion Monsters: " Five-Headed Dragon " (LIGHT  Dragons ), " Chimeratech Overdragon " ("Cyber Dragon" + LIGHT  Machines ) or " Worm Zero " (LIGHT  Reptiles ). 
 Foolish Burial : Sends one LIGHT monster to your Graveyard. 
 Light of Redemption : Returns one of your banished LIGHT monsters to your hand. 
 Chaos Zone : Gain many counters as you banish monsters to use the effects of Lightray monsters. Can also be used as a target to the effect of " Lightray Daedalus ". 
 Realm of Light : Can be used in a Lightsworn+Lightray deck.  When this card would be destroyed you can remove counters instead.  This means that it can be used with "Lightray Daedalus's" effect repeatedly. 
 Burial from a Different Dimension : Return up to 3 of your banished LIGHT monsters to your Graveyard. 
 Reinforcement of the Army : Search " Lightray Grepher ", "D.D. Warrior Lady", "Freed the Brave Wanderer", " Ehren, Lightsworn Monk ", " Jain, Lightsworn Paladin " or " Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior ". 
 A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon : For "Lightray Diabolos", it is a great spell card to use as soon as you summon it for field control, also if you have at least 6 different LIGHT monsters in your graveyard you can reuse "Diabolos'" effect in the same turn. 
 Trap Cards 
 Return from the Different Dimension : Swarm your field with your banished LIGHT monsters. 
 Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri : Special Summon one of your banished LIGHT monsters. 
 Sworn of Lightray 
 This deck is a mixture of Lightrays and Lightsworns with other support monsters that goes with the archetype.
 
 
 Sworn of Lightray Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Effect Monsters 
 
 Lightray Diabolos 
 Lightray Daedalus 
 Lightray Sorcerer 
 Lightray Grepher 
 Lightray Gearfried 
 Magical Merchant 
 Jain, Lightsworn Paladin 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner 
 Gragonith, Lightsworn Dragon 
 Herald of Creation 
 Guardian of Order 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Honest 
 Shining Angel 
 Freed the Brave Wanderer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Charge of the Light Brigade 
 Solar Recharge 
 Chaos Zone 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Light of Redemption 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Realm of Light  (if using "Lightray Daedalus") 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Return from the Different Dimension 
 Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri 
 External links 
 Lightray Monsters Unleash Justice!  -  http://www.konami.com 
   
 Lightray  ライトレイ Members 
 Lightray Daedalus Lightray Diabolos Lightray Gearfried Lightray Grepher Lightray Madoor Lightray Sorcerer 
 Related 
 Chaos Sorcerer Darkest Diabolos, Lord of the Lair Diabolos, King of the Abyss Levia-Dragon - Daedalus Neo Aqua Madoor Phoenix Gearfried Warrior Dai Grepher 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Lightray.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130825025454']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series