Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Millennium_Key

      Millennium Key     
 The  Millennium Key  ( 千 年 錠 [1] [2]   Sennenjō  or  闇 の 千 年 錠 [3]   Yami no Sennenjō  "Millennium Key of Darkness"), also known as the  Millennium Ankh [ citation needed ]  is a  Millennium Item . 
 It is in the shape of an ankh, the Egyptian symbol of life (thus leading some to refer to it as the Millennium Ankh [ citation needed ] ), and is the only Millennium Item without an  Eye of Anubis  anywhere on it. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 
 1.1   Ancient Egypt 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Bandai OCG 
 4   References 
 
 
 History 
 Ancient Egypt 
 After it was made, the Millennium Key was given to  Solomon Muto 's Egyptian incarnate,  Shimon , but later it was passed on to  Shada .
 In Ancient Egypt, Shimon used the Millenium Key to seal  Exodia the Forbidden One  into five stone tablets. During the battle with  Zorc , Shimon was forced to use the Key to release Exodia. The Millenium Key allowed Shimon to control Exodia, but it also forced him to feel all of Exodia's injuries, which eventually lead to his death (or being banished to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub).
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 The Key, along with the  Ring ,  Eye , and  Scale , were guarded by a faction of the  Tomb Keepers . The Ring and Eye were given to other people, leaving the Scale and Key to  Shadi . After the  Ceremonial Battle , the Key, along with all the other Millennium Items, were buried underground.
 " Ma'at " wields a staff that is both the Key and  Millennium Rod  combined.
 
 Abilities 
 Its primary unique ability is the power to unlock the doors of a person's soul, giving the user access to the " Room of the Soul ," where their thoughts can be observed, or the "room" can even be "redecorated", allowing the user to alter a person's personality. The brainwashing process can be undone, when the victim touches the Key. Also, the controller can manipulate and destroy the personality.
 Additionally, in the anime, it grants the user various other abilities, such as the power of invisibility as well as the capacity to sense disruptions among of the Millennium Items, such as the transfer of an item from one owner to another. The Millennium Key also allows the user to communicate telepathically; one such example being the projection of visions into the minds of others. 
 
 Bandai OCG 
 Millennium Key 
 This card is defeated in battle, but you can look at your opponent's hand and choose the next 2 cards that they will play and use to battle.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (1997-05-06). " 遊闘 13 エジプトから 来 た 神 〈 前 編 〉 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  2 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872312-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 281  超古代遺物 の 真 実 ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (1997-05-06). " 遊闘 14 エジプトから 来 た 神 〈 後 編 〉 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  2 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872312-0 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Millennium Items Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Scale 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Rod 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Movies 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Quantum Cube 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/MillenniumKey.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070805235610']
Categories: Jewelry, Millennium Items