Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gloria_Tyler


 
 Gloria Tyler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Gloria Tyler 
 
 
 Japanese   
 グロリア・タイラー 
 
 
 Korean   
 글로리아 타일러 
 
 
 Italian   
 Gloria Tyler 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Grace Tyler  (younger twin sister) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy  (defected) [1] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Amazoness 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yō Taichi [1] 
 
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  (グロリア・タイラー,  Guroria Tairā ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is a member of  Duel Academy  who was sent to the  Xyz Dimension  to eliminate the  Lancers  with her younger twin sister  Grace .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Gloria.     
 Gloria is a fair-skinned woman with red eyes and long blonde hair that hangs over her forehead in three pointed locks; the central one extending to her nose and the other two to chin length, while the back portion of her hair extends down her back and curves up in a short point. Gloria wears a more military outfit than her sister. She wears a tight blue coat with a white front that is patterned with vertical lines and topped with purple curves. She dons gold-lined grey shoulder pads over her coat, white elbow-length gloves, and a magenta sashes that curve over each of her upper arms and attach to her shoulder pads. Gloria also wears short blue shorts with similar patterning to the front of her coat and black cuffs over white leggings and thigh-high black boots with golden soles, upturned golden toes, and three diagonal magenta lines near each cuff.
 
 Personality 
 Gloria is more serious and blunt than her sister. She is confident in her skills and dissatisfied with weaker opponents, though not above praising good moves even if they are not up to her standards, but she was insulted when the Professor sends the  Obelisk Force  as backup in case they lost and she was eager to jump in to assist them. She can also be quite stubborn and impatient at times, but she also takes her job and mission very seriously, in comparison to both her sister and  Mamoru Noro . Gloria dislikes disloyalty; chiding both her sister and Mamoru for supporting  Yuya Sakaki  during his Duel against  Aster Phoenix  for different reasons. After her defeat by Yuya and Shay she shows interest in Yuya's Dueltaining, but unlike her sister Grace she tries to hide it.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Gloria and her younger sister Grace were infamous among  the Resistance  for almost destroying the  Spade Branch 's Resistance force. [2] 
 
 Heartland City 
 After hearing  Mamoru 's report that claimed to have detected  Pendulum Summoning ,  the Professor  assigned Gloria and her sister  Grace  to go to the  Xyz Dimension  with the mission of defeating the  Lancers . [1]  While walking through  Heartland , Gloria and Grace found  Saya  and mistaking her for a Lancer, prepared to bring her back as a present for  Aster  and Mamoru. When  Allen  arrived to protect Saya, Gloria and Grace challenged them to a  Tag-Team Duel . Gloria  Tribute Summoned  " Amazoness Queen " but was unable to destroy "Ruffian Railcar" because of " Construction Train Signal Red ". During the Duel, Gloria wondered why Allen and Saya didn't use Pendulum Summoning, and Grace suspected that they were underestimating them. After " Fairy Cheer Girl " failed to destroy  Amazoness Queen " by battle, Gloria and Grace realized Allen and Saya were not their targets and must be from  the Resistance , before revealing that they were the Tyler sisters. When Allen used the effect of " Heavy-Armored Train Iron Wolf " to attack the Tyler sisters  directly , they explained that the effect of "Liger" would negate the attack. Gloria then  Special Summoned  " Amazoness Swords Woman " after Grace used " Amazoness Substitution " to change the attack of "Iron Wolf" to "Amazoness Swords Woman". Just as the effect of "Swords Woman" was about to force Allen to take the damage the Tyler twins would have taken, Saya used " Fairy Rail " to turn the damage into ATK for "Cheer Girl", to the sisters' surprise. Gloria then  Fusion Summoned  " Amazoness Empress " and used "Liger" to attack "Cheer Girl", with the effect of "Empress" inflicting  piercing  damage. Gloria dealt the final blow with "Empress", defeating Allen and Saya. The twins prepared to  seal them into cards  until  Gong  and  Sylvio  arrived. When they learned Gong and Sylvio were Lancers, Gloria and Grace entered into another Tag-Team Duel. [2] 
 
       Gloria and  Grace  shocked by  Yuya 's Dueltaining after their defeat.     
 After defeating Gong and Sylvio, Gloria and Grace spotted  Yuya  and  Shay  arriving. They thought Shay was a scared Resistance member who fled when he recognized their " Amazoness " Decks until  Yuto  through Yuya) told them things would've been different if they were there. The Tyler sisters told them not to overestimate themselves. The Tyler sisters challenged them to a Tag-Team Duel and Gloria activated " Quiet Life " and Fusion Summoned "Amazoness Empress". When Yuya  Pendulum Summoned , she activated " Amazoness Hall " to gain  LP  from Yuya and Shay Special Summoned monsters  ATK . Gloria told them they ordered by the Professor to eliminate the Lancers. The Tyler sisters gained more LP Shay when Pendulum-Xyz Summoned " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ", but while they were surprised by the effect of "Rise Falcon" they were able to protect their monsters from destruction with their effects. Grace admitted that Shay was above average for a Resistance member but Gloria claimed that their effect was for naught. She then activated " Amazoness Hot Spring ", gaining back the LP they lost and " Amazoness Magic Mirror ", to prevent further battle damage. Gloria attacked "Rise Falcon" with "Liger" but Shay  ranked it up  into " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ", though Gloria was able to destroy it. When their LP surpassed 10,000, the Tyler sisters started to get annoyed with the Lancers and told them to surrender already. When Yuya activated " Miracle Rocket Show " and " Smile World " they were surprised by their effects. Even when Yuya and Shay used "Rise Falcon" and " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 's" effects to weaken "Empress" and "Liger", Gloria pointed out that the damage would still be negated. However, Yuya used the last effect of "Miracle Rocket Show" to inflict damage to the sisters equal to the battle damage that was reduced to 0. Though defeated, Gloria and Grace were amazed by the Duel. [3] 
 
       Gloria annoyed when Grace supports Yuya during his Duel against  Aster .     
 When the  Obelisk Force  challenged the Lancers to a Duel, Gloria and Grace learned from Mamoru that the Professor sent them in case they lost. Gloria was shocked, but Grace admitted they did lose. Gloria asked Grace if she wasn't frustrated, but she didn't care as she wanted to see Yuya's Dueltaining. Gloria wondered whether they should join the Duel, but Grace told her the Obelisk Force wouldn't lose easily. Grace was impressed by Yuya's  counters , but Gloria asked her if this was really the time. When the Obelisk Force Fusion Summoned " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", Gloria wondered if they were trying kill them by bringing it out. When  Kite Tenjo  arrived and saved Yuya from "Chaos Giant's" attack, Gloria recognized him as the Duelist with a bounty on his head. She was surprised when Kite defeated the Obelisk Force and Aster Phoenix arrived with a squad to defeat Yuya. [4] 
 
         Gloria catches  Mamoru  for cheering for Yuya to win.     
 Gloria tried to tell Aster that they were personally ordered to deal with the Lancers only to be silenced. Gloria watched Aster's Duel with Yuya, but wanted to assist the squad Dueling Kite. However, Grace was too entranced by the Duel. After Kite defeated the squad, Gloria criticized Mamoru for letting the Lancers escape. She was displeased when Yuya Fusion Summoned " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and when Mamoru was pleased with Yuya defeating Aster, she caught him siding with the enemy. After Aster's counterattack, Gloria believed that it was over for Yuya, but Grace claimed that he would entertain them more. [5]  Yuya was able to save himself, and Gloria asked Mamoru whether or not he was pleased with Yuya's defeat when he thought it was over. She noted that the combo of " Destiny HERO - Dystopiaguy " and " Urban Demise " wouldn't be defeated easily. She wonder why Yuya would attack with " a weak monster ", Grace told her its part of his Dueltaining. Once Yuya's LP reached 100, Gloria claimed that he was on the edge of a cliff. She caught Mamoru siding with Yuya again when Yuya activated "Smile World" again. Grace was happy to see the card, but Gloria just commented that Yuya was using the card again. When Mamoru thought Aster couldn't beat "Laugh Maker", Gloria reminded him about the "Urban Demise" combo. Yuya brought back "Brave-Eyes" to attack and Gloria noted that Aster couldn't use the "Urban Demise" combo since the effect of "Dystopia" could only be used once per turn. She watched as Yuya defeated Aster, annoyed that the Lancers kept defeating them. She was worried about the Professor finding out, but Mamoru reassured her that he had called in reinforcements. [6] 
 To her and everyone's surprise, Aster defended Yuya as he now shares his belief that Dueling is not a tool for conflict but instead to bring happiness to people, going as far as discarding the mantle that signified him as Commander-in-Chief, showing his willingness to betray the Professor. To make her shocked even further, her sister thought that Aster's decision to betray  Duel Academy  was cool, prompting Gloria to ask did she also intending to become the Lancers' ally. Grace corrected Gloria's statement to be Yuya's ally and pointed out the fact that Gloria was also charmed by Yuya's Dueltaining, flustering Gloria. Under Grace's urging to be honest, Gloria and her sister also decided to join Yuya. The Resistance's arrival and Aster's speech forced Mamuro to surrender and the Duel Academy soldiers to follow Aster's plan to rebuild the Xyz Dimension. [7] 
 
         Gloria, Grace, and Mamoru distributing food to  the Resistance .     
 Now allied with both the Resistance and Lancers, Gloria, her sister, and other former members of Duel Academy helped the refugees in the Resistance's  hideout  by distributing foods, medical supplies, and rebuilding residential houses for free to atone for what they have done. Gloria and her sister helped in making and distributing foods, making Gloria questioned why she has to do this, to which Grace answered that making people happy is part of Entertainment, so they should think about it as a training. [7] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Following the battle against  Z-ARC , Gloria,  Grace ,  Mamoru , and  Aster  appeared during  Yuya  and  Dennis McField 's Duel. Gloria believed Dennis had won when he used the effect of " Performage Trapeze High Magician " but Grace reminded her that Yuya would go for an  Action Card . She and Grace noticed three kids who wanted to watch the Duel, and Gloria suggested that they go up front to watch it. Gloria noted that she could see Yuya's victory when Yuya weakened "Trapeze High Magician", but expected Dennis to use the effect of "Trapeze High Magician" again to protect himself. She applauded at the end of the Duel after Yuya won. [8]  Gloria watched Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Grace, Mamoru, Aster,  Kite ,  Allen , and  Saya . [9]  She also watched Yuya and Declan's  Action Duel . [10]  Gloria was happy when Yuya won both Duels and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu Boyle . [11] 
 
 Deck 
 Gloria uses an  " Amazoness " Deck , with her  monsters  being purely  Warrior - Types , and focusing more on monsters than  her sister .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Queen 
 Amazoness Spy 
 Amazoness Swords Woman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Empress Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Re-Fusion [Notes 1] 
 Quiet Life 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Hall 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Allen Kozuki  and  Saya Sasayama 
 107 
 Win (with  Grace Tyler )
 
 
 Gong Strong  and  Sylvio Sawatari 
 107 - 108 
 Win (with  Grace Tyler )
 
 
 Shay Obsidian  and  Yuya Sakaki 
 108 
 Lose (with  Grace Tyler )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 111: " Last Laugh " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in her  hand  when she  declares  an  attack  with " Amazoness Pet Liger " in  episode 108 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Gloria_Tyler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160529145432', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/FullGloriaTyler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20160605090745', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Tyler_Sisters_108-7.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703224313', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Grace_Cheers_For_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160704000036', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/Gloria_and_Noro_110.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703233513', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Noro_and_Tyler_Sisters_112.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703234419']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters