Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jim_Crocodile_Cook

For other versions of this character, see  Jim Crocodile Cook (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 
 
 Other   
 James Crocodile Cook Jim "Crocodile" Cook [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ジム・クロコダイル・クック 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Shirley  (pet crocodile) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 South Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Alligator 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Fossil  Dragon (化石竜デッキ  Kaseki Ryū Dekki ) [2] 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Paleozoic Dragon Mesozoic Dragon Cenozoic Dragon Fossil Hunter Magnet Warrior 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 37: " The Shadow Game Ends!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 106: " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Erik Singer [3] 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Naoya Iwahashi Yuto Chikuma ( Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links ) 
 
 
 German  
 Ozan Ünal 
 
 
 
 James "Jim" Crocodile Cook  is a student hailing from  South Academy  who enters  Duel Academy  in the third year. Well-versed in earth science and Dueling, Jim serves as an ally to Jaden Yuki and the others.
 In the manga,  Atticus Rhodes  revealed Jim's full name as "James Crocodile Cook" (ジェームス・クロコダイル・クック). In this version, James is possessed by  Tragoedia  and serves as an antagonist.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Manga 
 3   Voice and mannerisms 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Biography 
 Jim is an expert geologist and paleontologist, having taken part in an excavation of a Tyrannosaurus in the past and has a crocodile named  Shirley , initially believed to be a fake by  Vellian Crowler  and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte , who he carries around in a specially made backpack wherever he goes. Jim regards Shirley as "family" and does not consider her to be a pet. He places great trust into Shirley and often uses her as a judge of good character, which started his friendship with  Jaden Yuki . Jim wields a Duel Disk in the shape of a boomerang.
 
       Young Jim.     
 After saving Shirley from an animal trap, Jim injures his right eye. After regaining consciousness, he is imbued with the  Eye of Orichalcum  by a man who was touched by Jim's devotion to Shirley. The man who gave it to Jim told him it was supposed to have incredible powers when in the presence of a special comet. Afterward Jim kept his right eye bandaged.
 
       Full body view of Jim.     
 During the Duel between  Jaden  and  Axel Brodie , Shirley began acting strangely due to electromagnetic waves coming from within the jungle. Meeting up with Jaden and his friends after Shirley inadvertently attacks  Tyranno Hassleberry  the next day, he and the group venture deep into the woods to investigate. Seeing another opportunity to claim Duel Energy,  Thelonious Viper  reactivates the signals, causing  Hassleberry  to act wildly and face Jim in a  Survival Duel . Hassleberry quickly regains his senses and lashes out at Jim for disturbing his dinosaur monsters but is eventually defeated.
 
       Jim uses the  Eye of Orichalcum .     
 After Viper's defeat, Jim is one of the few students that aren't turned into  Duel Ghouls  when the academy is transported into a desert. Jim accompanies Jaden and co. to an alternate dimension and assists them in defending Duel Academy from the  Duel Ghouls . After their journey into a third alternate world Jim remembers when he was a kid and when an old man told him a prophecy about his Eye of Orichalcum, "A comet turns, a friend walks lost, a bandage falls, the eye sees the truth, a friend shows us the way." and starts to believe that the prophecy was about him and Jaden. Axel and Jim face Jaden, who has turned evil and begun calling himself " The Supreme King ". Jim Duels him in a desperate attempt to bring back his friend from the dark side, using his Orichalcum Eye to see into his heart, where it's revealed that he's depressed over the consequences of selfishness and the fact he feels he can't fix the damage he's caused his "friends", according to Professor Viper and over the fact that he feels power is everything. Despite his discovery and attempts to free Jaden alongside convincing him he isn't selfish, Jim loses and both he and Shirley disappear shortly post Jim seeing how strong Professor Viper's words truly are on his friend, leaving the Eye of Orichalcum to fall into Axel's hands.
 Though Jim disappeared he used the  Eye of Orichalcum  to communicate with Axel, helping him to regain courage and to defeat The Supreme King's power over Jaden. He is later discovered to be alive and held prisoner with everyone else who was defeated in a Duel (or "sent to the stars"), in the  Duel Spirit World  in an alternate dimension by  Yubel  and subsequently returns to his academy in  episode 157 . At the start of season 4, he heads back to South Academy. 
 
 Manga 
 Main article:  Jim Crocodile Cook (manga) 
         In the manga, Jim is one of several Duelists controlled by  Tragoedia .     
 Jim appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , along with the other  Overseas Champions , although this time all four of them are from the American Branch of Duel Academy. Here in the manga he is referred with his full first name, "James".
 
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, he speaks frequently in English and gives nicknames to his companions such as "Dino Boy" and "Tomorrow Girl" for  Hassleberry  and  Alexis , respectively. He has a habit saying "What" in English when he is surprised. In the English dub, Jim has a stereotypical Australian accent, Jaden even makes a comment about, much to Jim's dismay.
 Jim's name is based on Captain  James Cook , the English explorer who was the first European to discover the east coast of Australia and Hawaii, the first to record circumnavigation, and mapped out Newfoundland and New Zealand. Jim is also one of the few characters who retains their original name in the dub.
 Jim's character is loosely based on the late Australian wildlife expert  Steve Irwin , as evidenced from his attitude and sense of humor.
 In the manga, Jim is a lot more malicious than his anime counterpart, favoring use of the  Shadow Games .
 
 Deck 
 Jim plays a  " Fossil " Deck . His strategy relies heavily on the use of " Fossil Fusion " to  remove from play  the  monsters  in both his own and his opponent's  Graveyards  to Summon creatures of varying strengths dependent on the  Levels  and  Types  of the  Fusion Material Monsters  used for the merger. The monsters created by "Fossil Fusion" follow "reverse evolution" through the Cenozoic, Mesozoic and Paleozoic eras; the more ancient the monster, the more powerful it is.
 
 
 Fossil Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flint Cragger 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Sample Fossil 
 Shell Knight 
 Uluru's Guardian 
 Weathering Soldier Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgar 
 Fossil Dragon Skullgios 
 Fossil Machine Skull Buggy [Notes 1] 
 Fossil Machine Skull Convoy 
 Fossil Machine Skull Wagon 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Bone 
 Fossil Warrior Skull King 
 Fossil Warrior Skull Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dowsing Burn 
 Fossil Fusion  x2 
 Fossil Hammer 
 Half Life 
 Miracle Rupture 
 Pot of Avarice [Notes 2] 
 Sacred Defense Barrier 
 Specimen Inspection 
 Time Stream  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted [Notes 3] 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Uluru the Guardian Spirit 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 110 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Ghoul 
 123 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 123 
 Not shown
 
 
 Anger Mask/Teraoka 
 124 - 125 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 129 
 Not shown
 
 
 Chazz Princeton ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Vellian Crowler , and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte 
 129 
 DRAW (with  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Bastion Misawa , and  Alexis Rhodes )
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 129 
 DRAW (with  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Bastion Misawa , and  Alexis Rhodes )
 
 
 Battle Footballer 
 138 
 Win (with  Axel Brodie )
 
 
 Kozaky 
 138 
 Win
 
 
 The Supreme King 
 139 - 140 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   "Jim Cook" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.yugioh.com/characters/jim-cook . 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 6, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   https://twitter.com/emilycarmichael/status/1153025270149988353 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is used to travel through  Duel Monsters Spirit World  in  episode 138 . 
 
 ↑   This card is seen in his  hand  in  episode 110 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 110 , but is  destroyed  via the  effect  of  Hassleberry 's " Volcanic Eruption ". 
 
 
 v e 
Jim Crocodile Cook pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/JimCookYuGiOhDuelMonstersGX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130128002120', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Young_Jim.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121010015600', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/JimCrocodileCookFull.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140329083301', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Jim%27s_Eye_of_Orichalcum.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110125154412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Tragojim.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20090825203814']
Categories: Characters, Jim Crocodile Cook pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters