Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Cloudian


 
 Cloudian 
 雲魔物 「 クラウディアン 」  ( Kuraudian ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Cloudian - Smoke Ball " (above) and " Cloudian - Turbulence " in the artwork of the latter card. 
 
 
 Translation 
 Cloud Devil 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Nuagien 
 
 
 German 
 Wolkian 
 
 
 Italian 
 Nubiano 
 
 
 Korean 
 운마물 雲魔物   (Hanja)   Unmamul   (romanized) Translation:  Cloud Devil 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Cloudian 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Gladiator's Assault Light of Destruction Dark Neostorm 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Cloudian " ( 雲魔物   Kuraudian ) is an  archetype  used by  Adrian Gecko  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It was introduced in  Gladiator's Assault , with further  support  in  Light of Destruction .
 Most of these  monsters   cannot be destroyed by battle  while in  Attack Position , but if in  Defense Position  they are instantly destroyed via their own  effects . Most "Cloudians" have their effects  activated  or become active while they have  Fog Counters .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Support 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Fog Counters 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Cloudian 
 Origin
 
 
 Acid Cloud 
 Acid rain 
 
 
 Altus 
 Altostratus cloud 
 
 
 Cirrostratus 
 Cirrostratus cloud 
 
 
 Eye of the Typhoon 
 Eye of the cyclone 
 
 
 Ghost Fog 
 Fog 
 
 
 Nimbusman 
 Cumulonimbus cloud 
 
 
 Poison Cloud 
 Air pollution 
 
 
 Sheep Cloud 
 Cumulus cloud 
 
 
 Smoke Ball 
 Smoke 
 
 
 Storm Dragon 
 Storm 
 
 
 Turbulence 
 Turbulence 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Big Summon Cloud 
 Mushroom cloud 
 
 
 Cloudian Aerosol 
 Aerosol 
 
 
 Cloudian Squall 
 Squall 
 
 
 Diamond-Dust Cyclone 
 Diamond dust 
 
 
 Fog Control 
 Weather modification 
 
 
 Lucky Cloud 
 Cloud evaporation 
 
 
 Mirage Target 
 Mirage 
 
 
 Natural Disaster 
 Hailstorm 
 
 
 Raging Cloudian 
 Tropical cyclogenesis 
 
 
 Rain Storm 
 Rain 
 
 
 Summon Cloud 
 Pareidolia phenomenon 
 
 
 Updraft 
 Vertical draft 
 
 Playing style 
 "Cloudians" require an advanced degree of skill to use properly, because their usefulness depends mostly on how many  Fog Counters  there are on the  field . They are often underestimated because, while most of the "Cloudians" cannot be  destroyed by battle  while in  Attack Position , if they are in  Defense Position  they are destroyed by their own  effects . In addition to that, their low  ATK  leaves their  controller  open to taking damage unless " Spirit Barrier " or " The Sanctuary in the Sky " are used. Once your  support  cards are in play, the opponent will find it frustratingly difficult to get past a "Cloudian" Deck's defenses. While the opponent is being stalled, the "Cloudian" user can then generate enough Fog Counters to whittle down the opponent's defenses, eventually leaving them with nothing to protect themselves from the otherwise "weak" monsters.
 As a true child of the GX-era, "Cloudians" can use a multitude of effects, with a loose focus on spreading Fog Counters: They can  swarm  the  field  (using " Cloudian - Sheep Cloud " and " Cloudian - Turbulence "), on  destroying  the opponent's cards (via " Cloudian - Cirrostratus ", " Cloudian - Poison Cloud " and " Cloudian - Acid Cloud "), on inflicting  effect damage  (with " Natural Disaster " or " Updraft "), on a Stall Victory, or on raw Beatdown power (with " Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon " and " Cloudian - Nimbusman "). " Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon " can also provide some field  control  by messing with the  battle positions  of opposing monsters. The seemingly weak monsters in the Deck such as " Cloudian - Altus ", " Cloudian - Cirrostratus " and " Cloudian - Acid Cloud " become surprisingly useful with enough Fog Counters on the field. Through cards like " Cloudian Squall " and " Fog Control ", anyone facing these three puff-balls will quickly find themselves with no monsters, no back row, no hand and no options, hence the name: "Cloud Control".
 A killer combo can be made by using "Cloudian Squall", "Fog Control" and/or " Cloudian - Storm Dragon " to put Fog Counters on " Cloudian - Turbulence ". Due to the fact that the effect of "Cloudian - Turbulence" is not restricted by a once per turn clause and "Smoke Ball" can be summoned from Deck or Graveyard, you can activate the effect multiple times per turn, effectively summoning an entire army of "Cloudian - Smoke Ball", which can then be used for Xyz or Link Summoning or simply as Tribut fodder for Monsters and Effects. 
 The effects of the "Cloudians" work when they have enough Fog Counters to pay for them. The number of Fog Counters they get depends on the number of "Cloudians" on the field when each "Cloudian" is Normal Summoned. Options to Special Summon before the Normal Summon is done include " Cloudian - Sheep Cloud " and " Cloudian - Turbulence ", both having the potential to swarm the field with "Cloudians". The strength of the "Cloudians" lies in their ability to destroy cards using the Fog Counters, limiting the opponent's plays. " Cloudian Aerosol " can help setting up the board: Fetching any "Cloudian" monster from the deck is no effect to scoff at and the Fog Counter generation is helpful in a lot of scenarios.
 
 Fog Counters 
 The aforementioned Fog Counters are the main power source for "Cloudian" monsters. These counters should be placed mainly on the "Cloudian"-player's monsters but certain "Cloudian" cards can take advantage of  Fog Counters  anywhere on the field (e.g. " Cloudian - Nimbusman ", " Cloudian - Altus ", " Diamond-Dust Cyclone ").
 "Cloudians" generally gain Fog Counters when they are  Normal Summoned . Since Fog Counters can only be placed on  face-up  monsters, " Light of Intervention " is a good card to use in a "Cloudian" Deck. A good way to gradually strengthen your monsters is to have " Cloudian Squall " out and stalling tools to buy  turns  for accumulating Fog Counters.
 
 
 
 Cloudian
 
 Fog Counters
 
 Unique effect
 
 
 Acid Cloud 
 
 2 on the card
 
 Destroys 1 Spell or Trap Card.
 
 
 Altus 
 
 3 from anywhere on the field
 
 Opponent has to discard 1 random card.
 
 
 Cirrostratus 
 
 2 on the card
 
 Destroys 1 monster on the field.
 
 
 Nimbusman 
 
 Counts the total amount of Fog Counters on the field
 
 Gets 500 ATK for every Fog Counter on the field.
 
 
 Turbulence 
 
 1 on the card
 
 Can Special Summon 1 "Cloudian - Smoke Ball" from the Deck or Graveyard.
 
 Recommended cards 
 Since most "Cloudians" are Fairy type, a good card to add is " Athena ", who can use her effect to Special Summon powerful "Cloudians" from the  Graveyard  by sacrificing smaller "Cloudians" like "Cloudian - Smoke Ball". Also, if using "Cloudian - Turbulence", the burn effect of Athena might add up to a respectable amount. However, while the Special Summoning is generally a good idea, bear in mind that most "Cloudians" gain their Fog Counters when they are Normal Summoned.  
 Another Fairy that might prove useful in a "Cloudian" deck is " Archlord Kristya ". The "Cloudian" player can choose the timing of "Kristya" and while "Cloudians" are able to Special Summon monsters, they do not mind to play the game at a slower pace and to just Normal Summon once per turn. "Athena", "Archlord Kristya" and almost all "Cloudian" monsters also welcome " Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen " as an option for the deck. 
 It wouldn't hurt to add a " Gozen Match " or " Rivalry of Warlords " in the  Side Deck  as nearly all the monsters are one  Type  and most of them are one  Attribute . If you know what type of Deck your opponent uses, you could slip in one (or both) of the above cards to limit your opponent's Summoning abilities while leaving yours almost untouched.
 In the Extra Deck, a helpful card for a "Cloudian" deck could be " Mira the Star-Bearer ". Its effect protects your "Cloudian" monsters from being destroyed, and it's fairly simple to summon with " Cloudian - Turbulence " and its ability to fetch the Level 1 "Smoke Ball".
 Since "Cloudian - Smoke Ball" is a Level 1 Normal Monster and can be easily summoned by the aforementioned "Cloudian - Turbulence", you can get easy access to " Link Spider " or " Linkuriboh " and, with the right setup, you will be able to climb into Link 4 Monsters consistently .
 " Foolish Burial Goods " can ditch "Cloudian Aerosol" to the Graveyard to make its second effect instantly available and therefore fetch whatever "Cloudian" might be helpful for any given situation.
 Conveniently, a respectable amount of "Cloudians" is Level 4, allowing you to use the Rank 4 Xyz Toolbox. Cards like " Bahamut Shark ", " Abyss Dweller ", " Gagaga Cowboy ", " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer " and " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK " give the deck a wide array of effects and useful options to counter a variety of archetypes.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cloudian - Smoke Ball 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cloudian - Acid Cloud 
 Cloudian - Altus 
 Cloudian - Cirrostratus 
 Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon 
 Cloudian - Ghost Fog 
 Cloudian - Nimbusman 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Cloudian - Sheep Cloud 
 Cloudian - Storm Dragon 
 Cloudian - Turbulence 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Kagetokage 
 Tethys, Goddess of Light 
 Splendid Venus Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Fairy Cheer Girl 
 Ghostrick Dullahan 
 King of the Feral Imps 
 Mira the Star-Bearer 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Snowdust Giant 
 Toadally Awesome 
 Link Monsters 
 Link Spider 
 Linkuriboh 
 Marincess Coral Anemone 
 Mistar Boy Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cloudian Aerosol 
 Cloudian Squall 
 Diamond-Dust Cyclone 
 Double Summon 
 Fog Control 
 Lucky Cloud 
 Moray of Greed 
 One for One 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Salvage 
 Sea Lord's Amulet 
 Summon Cloud 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Trade-In 
 Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Light of Intervention 
 Natural Disaster 
 Raging Cloudian 
 Rain Storm 
 Spirit Barrier 
 Updraft 
 Weaknesses 
 While "Cloudians" cannot be  destroyed by battle  while in  Attack Position , cards like " Stumbling ", " Zero Gravity ", " No Entry!! ", " Earthquake ", " Spider Web " and " Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei" " would cripple this Deck as the these cards all force  monsters  into  Defense Position  making the "Cloudians"  destroy  themselves. " Spiders " are also a threat for the same reason, since many of them change the  Battle Positions  of a monster to Defense Position.  
 " Savage Colosseum " combined with anti-attacking effects also gives trouble even without forcing "Cloudian"s to Defense Position because any "Cloudian" will be destroyed by  a card's effect  instead of  by battle  if any don't attack; this can also be combined with " Begone, Knave! " and " Des Counterblow " to not only remove them from the Field but also bump off Fog Counters (this is especially an issue with "Nimbusman".) Speaking of Fog Counters, the archetype's main offensive cards ("Nimbusman", "Cirrostratus", "Altus", "Acid Cloud" and "Diamond Dust Cyclone") all rely on a steady supply of  Counters  to use their effects, making most "Cloudian" decks weak against " Counter Cleaner " and " Exhausting Spell ".
 Effect-negation cards, like " Skill Drain ", " Infinite Impermanence " and " Angel O7 ," can make every "Cloudian" except "Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon" uber-fragile on the field. Without their effects or a significant offensive boost, all of the "Cloudians" (except the aforementioned "Typhoon") are easily picked off by monsters with above 1800  ATK  and many of them in this day and age can be easily  Normal  or  Special Summoned . Their low ATK/DEF can also make them easy fodder for cards like the " Armed Dragons ", " King Tiger Wanghu ", " Deck Devastation Virus " and " Full Force Virus ".  Speaking of card stats, since the majority of "Cloudians" are also  WATER , they're easy targets for the effects of " Elemental HERO Inferno " and " Diamond Dust ".    Burn Decks  can also inflict additional punishment, as cards like " Cracking " and " Coffin Seller " can chip away at  LPs  when "Cloudian"s are snuffed by card effects.  
 Finally, with no overall card effect immunity present within the archetype, "Cloudian"s can easily be destroyed/sent to the  GY /banished as well as be Tributed by your opponent.
 
 Trivia 
 All of this archetype's members are  WATER   Fairy   Effect Monsters , except for the following:
 WIND   Aqua  - " Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon " 
 Fiend  - " Cloudian - Ghost Fog " and " Cloudian - Poison Cloud ". 
 Normal Monster  - " Cloudian - Smoke Ball " 
   
" Cloudian " 「 雲魔物 」 Members 
 Cloudian - Acid Cloud Cloudian - Altus Cloudian - Cirrostratus Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon Cloudian - Ghost Fog Cloudian - Nimbusman Cloudian - Poison Cloud Cloudian - Sheep Cloud Cloudian - Smoke Ball Cloudian - Storm Dragon Cloudian - Turbulence 
 Cloudian Aerosol Cloudian Squall 
 Support 
 Cloudian - Acid Cloud Cloudian - Altus Cloudian - Cirrostratus Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon Cloudian - Nimbusman Cloudian - Sheep Cloud Cloudian - Storm Dragon Cloudian - Turbulence 
 Fog Control Lucky Cloud Natural Disaster Raging Cloudian Rain Storm Summon Cloud 
 Anti-support 
 Summon Cloud 
 Related 
 Diamond-Dust Cyclone Updraft 
 
 v e 
" Cloudian " 「 雲魔物 」 a   Members 
 Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon Cloudian - Ghost Fog Cloudian - Nimbusman Cloudian - Poison Cloud Cloudian - Sheep Cloud Cloudian - Smoke Ball 
 Support 
 Big Summon Cloud Cloudian - Sheep Cloud Lucky Cloud Mirage Target Rain Storm Summon Cloud 
 Related 
 Diamond-Dust Cyclone Exploding Cloud Sheep Cloud Token Wonder Cloud 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/CloudianTurbulence-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120502232252']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes