Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_022


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 022 
 
 
 
 
 Aura  tells  Yuya 's future. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 占い少女 方中ミエル 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Uranai Shōjo Hōchun Mieru 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Fortunetelling Girl - Mieru Hochun 
 
 
 English 
 A Date With Fate: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 022 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 7, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 21, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 September 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 15, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Go Zappa 
 
 
 Director 
 Shunsuke Machitani 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Kimiharu Muto 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuya Kawamura 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Beyond Belief " 
 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 ", known as " The Fortunetelling Girl - Mieru Hochun " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 7, 2014 and in Australia on November 21, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on October 30, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2016. 
 Yuya  challenges the divination girl  Aura Sentia  to a  Duel , as his third one to earn the qualifications for the  Junior Arc League Championship . Even at the beginning, Yuya is already played around with by Aura, who uses  Flip Summon  monsters. Aura even correctly predicts that Yuya "cannot see what is in front of him" and launches a brutal assault with her pride-and-joy  Ritual Monster , causing Yuya to be unable to focus. Also, Aura makes an inauspicious divination for Yuya...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Aura Sentia 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Differences in  the Dub 
 5   Errors 
 6   In other languages 
 7   Cast 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 A fortune-teller, whose face is kept obscure, is placing cards on a table behind a mirror. Having placed her seventh card on the table, she claims she will be fine because her sixth consecutive win tomorrow will give her entry into the  Arc League Championship . She flips over one random card; it is " Arcana Force VI - The Lovers ". She suddenly has visions of meeting a soul mate, and falls over in excitement. When she gets up, still excited, she is revealed to be a young girl with curly red hair. 
 Meanwhile,  Yuya Sakaki  is in his pyjamas at his bedroom, still organizing his cards. He recalls what  Nico Smiley  said after he won his second duel, but ends up falling on his back again, unable to see a future beyond Pendulum Summon. He suddenly notices a copy of " Polymerization " to his right, and remembers that he has to give it back to  Zuzu . A while later, Yuya is still sleeping when his dog,  En , suddenly lands on his face before rolling on a ball. At that point, Yuya realizes that it's 9:30 in the morning, and he'll be late for his duel. Disorganized, he ends up spilling the deck that was on his desk. 
 At a duel court inside  Fortune Prep School  where the duel will take place, everyone else has already arrived, including  Allie ,  Frederick  and  Tate  who have all come to watch Yuya. His opponent,  Aura Sentia , suddenly wonders what her soul mate would be like, and cries for him to arrive. Yuya Sakaki is still making his way there, and is surprised when he sees the duel's location, which looks like a haunted mansion from the outside. Yuya is then spooked by a ghost, which turns out to be Nico in disguise. Nico leads Yuya to the duel court, which is underground. Despite being warned by Nico, Yuya suddenly trips over and lands on the duel court, right in front of Aura. When he speaks, Aura is shocked that Yuya appears to be looking up her skirt (in the dub, she's mad that he broke her crystal ball). Tate looks embarrassed while Frederick and Allie stare with disappointment. An enraged Aura hits Yuya on the head with her crystal apple, then begins to walk away, unimpressed that Yuya would be her soulmate. Aura composes herself, remembering how she has been seeing her future through fortune-telling, and how it never let her down. 
 Yuya interrupts her, asking when they should start their duel. Aura, though not pleased at the interruption, accepts Yuya's challenge, stating that this duel would determine whether Yuya really was the partner that her fortune predicted. At that point, Nico formally introduces the challengers while taking off his ghost robe, and then consults Fortune Prep's principal,  Divina , for her pre-duel words. Divina, after delivering her speech, puts on the "Fortuneterror" Action Field Spell for this duel. The field transforms into a circular room surrounded by six pillars. Frederick notices some carvings on the pillars, and Tate finds out to his horror that they're tarot cards. Yuya is still having trouble believing that he is duelling on this field. Aura confirms, saying that her fortune-telling has never failed her, and repeating that the duel will let her know whether Yuya is her soul mate. Yuya is still confused, but Aura brushes off his question and forces him to recite the  Action Duel  chant with her.
 Aura states that a coin flip will determine who goes first, which Yuya will call. After Yuya calls wrong, Aura remarks about Yuya not being able to see his own future, but Yuya argues that it was down to chance. Aura decides to go first, and lands on a bubble floating over the field. She sets a monster, an action that isn't familiar to Yuya or his supporters. Aura then lets her opponent make his move, which again bewilders Yuya. Aura simply states that the revelation of the card is their destiny. Though Yuya is unable to comprehend his opponent, at the start of his turn he begins to leap the floating rocks. Aura knows that something is weighing on Yuya's mind, and Yuya is surprised that she knows. Aura explains that Yuya chose to call Heads, which suggests he wants to win this duel quickly using a power-based strategy. But he is stuck because he doesn't know any such strategy. Yuya thinks his opponent is right. The card he draws is " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". But then he realizes that he can only set the Pendulum Scales between 1 and 4, while all the monsters in his hand are at least Level 5, meaning he can't  Normal Summon  them without Tributing. As a result, he passes. Frederick wonders why Yuya passed his turn. Tate realizes that Yuya must have drawn a bad hand. Yuya thus decides to search for Action Cards, and begins to climb up a suspended flight of stairs. 
 Meanwhile,  Zuzu  is at a warehouse searching for something. Her phone rings, and when she answers,  Sora  is angrily asking where she is. He iterates that he is just one win away from entering the Junior Youth division of the  Arc League Championship , and asks her to come and watch his next duel immediately. Back at the Fortune Prep duel court, Aura begins her turn. She  Flip Summons  " Prediction Princess Coinorma ", which triggers her  Flip effect . Allie and Frederick have never seen this before; Tate explains that a Flip Effect activates when a  Flip monster  is flipped face-up. Using "Prediction Princess Coinorma's" effect, she sets a monster from her deck. Aura then has "Prediction Princess Coinorma" tell Yuya's fortune by flipping three coins; the result is two tails and one heads, which means Yuya faces a choice. Yuya's supporters know that he's wide open to a direct attack until he gets an Action Card. 
 Just as "Prediction Princess Coinorma" is ordered to attack Yuya directly, Yuya finds not one but two Action Cards in front of him, as Aura predicted. She knows that Yuya can only use one Action Card at a time. Yuya, having to think quick, impulsively chooses the Action Card on the left, and it is revealed to be the Action Trap, "Lousy Luck", which inflicts 800 damage to the player who activated it. Yuya thus takes damage twice and falls to a lower floating platform. His Life Points read 2400. Aura doesn't forget to mention the less-than-10,000-to-1 chance (1,000,000-to-1 in the dub) of drawing "Lousy Luck", remarking that Yuya must be terribly unlucky. Just when Yuya gets up again, Aura has already declared a  Tribute Set  of a monster by Tributing "Prediction Princess Coinorma". Aura remarks that the face-down cards represent Yuya's future. Before she ends her turn, Aura sets another card.
 Yuya draws, and is finally able to  Normal Summon . He brings out " Performapal Bowhopper " and immediately has it attack the Set monster on the right, the one Aura did not Tribute Set. Aura responds by activating her Trap, " Black Cat-astrophe ", which cuts the attack short and ends Yuya's Battle Phase. Allie knows that black cats bring bad luck, and Frederick, unable to watch, did see that there were thirteen of them. Yuya suddenly trips over himself and wonders why it happened. Aura simply states that it's Yuya's bad luck. With Yuya having to end his turn, an unimpressed Aura says that Yuya failed to heed her warnings. She then leaps the platforms to stand on the ring surrounding the court, and tells Yuya that she is no longer convinced that he is her soul mate, vowing to destroy him instead. 
 Aura Flip Summons " Prediction Princess Arrowsylph " and activates her effect, searching out the " Prediction Ritual "  Ritual Spell Card  in her deck for her hand. She then Flip Summons the monster that she had Tribute Set earlier, " Prediction Princess Crystaldine ", and her effect searches out a  Ritual Monster  in her deck for her hand; she chooses " Prediction Princess Tarotrei ". Tate is aware of what that means, explaining to Allie and Frederick that she'll be able to  Ritual Summon . Aura has "Prediction Princess Crystaldine" reveal Yuya's fortune; that of himself being surrounded by a cloud of darkness. She then activates "Prediction Ritual", which sets up the ritual for the Ritual Summon of "Prediction Princess Tarotrei": a pillar landing between Aura and Yuya. Aura Tributes "Prediction Princess Arrowsylph" and "Prediction Princess Crystaldine" for the Ritual Summon. Aura chants: " Priestess of ancient times who foresees everything! With the ancient description, now, be revived! Ritual Summon! Level 9! Holy Prediction Princess Tarotrei! (in the dub: "O ancient sorceress, who appears through the veil of life, may the supernatural secret spell awaken you without strife! I Ritual Summon  Prediction Princess Tarotrei !")" 
 Aura immediately has "Prediction Princess Tarotrei" launch an attack on "Performapal Bowhopper", which is destroyed. Yuya is thrown back, landing on the ring as his Life Points fall to 1300. Aura ends her turn after setting another monster. Yuya tells himself that he cannot believe what Aura says about him, and must win this duel. He draws the card that he needed, " Timegazer Magician ", and tells Aura that he no longer cares what she says. Yuya sets up the  Pendulum Scales  with "Timegazer Magician" and " Stargazer Magician ", and using his trademark chant,  Pendulum Summons  the five monsters in his hand: "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Performapal Elephammer" in Attack Position; "Performapal Kaleidoscorp" , "Performapal Partnaga" and "Performapal Springoose" in Defense Position. Yuya's supporters are impressed that he's been able to bring out five monsters at once. However, Aura remains unfazed. She says that the zones in which Yuya's monsters were summoned can determine his future. First, "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" being summoned in the middle leaves it exposed. "Performapal Elephammer" represents his power, "Performapal Springoose" represents his emotions, "Performapal Kaleidoscorp" is an obstruction, and "Performapal Partnaga" is a cunning trick that could betray him. In other words, Yuya will fail and succumb to the darkness.
 Tate tries to tell Yuya not to believe Aura, but Allie notes that Aura had predicted everything correctly up to this point. Frederick, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by what all of this means. Yuya, however, is defiant, and says that he will determine his future. Using "Performapal Partnaga's" effect, "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon's" ATK is boosted to 3700. Yuya orders it to attack "Prediction Princess Tarotrei". Aura responds by activating its effect, flipping the Set monster she controls into face-up Attack Position. " Predicition Princess Petalelf 's" effect activates, shifting all of Yuya's monsters to Defense Position and cutting his attack short. Yuya is also prevented from changing the battle positions of his monsters for the rest of the turn. At this point, Aura has "Prediction Princess Tarotrei" read Yuya's fortune. The Ritual Monster reveals the Tower tarot card, which Aura explains, symbolizes destruction and tragedy. She has a vision of Yuya falling off a tower. Aura tells Yuya to surrender, or his life will be in peril.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Aura Sentia 
       Aura  vs.  Yuya     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Fortuneterror " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Aura 
 Aura   Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 2: Yuya 
 Yuya   draws  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and his hand contains " Performapal Elephammer ", " Performapal Springoose ", " Performapal Kaleidoscorp ", " Performapal Partnaga ", and " Stargazer Magician ". Yuya passes.
 Turn 3: Aura 
Aura  Flip Summons  " Prediction Princess Coinorma " (800/1400). Its  Flip Effect  activates, letting her Set a  Level  4 or lower  Flip monster  from her hand,  Deck  or  Graveyard . She Sets one from her Deck. "Coinorma"  attacks   directly . Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Lousy Luck ", which inflicts 800  damage  to him (Yuya 4000 → 3200), and the attack continues (Yuya 3200 → 2400). Aura then  Tributes  "Coinorma" to  Tribute Set  a monster. Aura Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya draws and  Normal Summons  " Performapal Bowhopper " (1500/1000). "Bowhopper" attacks Aura's Set monster, but Aura activates her  face-down  " Black Cat-astrophe " as she  controls  two or more face-down  Defense Position  monsters, ending the  Battle Phase .
 Turn 5: Aura 
Aura Flip Summons " Prediction Princess Arrowsylph " (1000/1400). Its Flip Effect activates, letting her  add  a  Ritual Spell Card  from her Deck or Graveyard to her hand. She adds " Prediction Ritual " from her Deck. Aura Flip Summons " Prediction Princess Crystaldine " (1400/2200), whose Flip Effect activates, letting her add a  Ritual Monster  from her Deck or Graveyard to her hand. She adds " Predicition Princess Tarotrei " from her Deck. She activates "Prediction Ritual", Tributing the Level 4 "Arrowsylph" and the Level 5 "Crystaldine" to  Ritual Summon  the Level 9 "Prediction Princess Tarotrei" in  Attack Position  (2700/1200). "Tarotrei" attacks and  destroys  "Bowhopper" (Yuya 2400 → 1300). Aura Sets a monster.
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Timegazer Magician ". Yuya activates "Stargazer Magician" (   1) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (2500/2000) and "Performapal Elephammer" (2600/1800) in Attack Position and "Performapal Kaleidoscorp" (100/2300), "Performapal Partnaga" (500/2100) and "Performapal Springoose" (1100/2400) in Defense Position. The effect of "Partnaga" activates upon its Summon, allowing Yuya to  target  a monster he controls and increase its ATK by 300 for each " Performapal " monster he controls. Yuya targets "Odd-Eyes" (2500 → 3700). "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Tarotrei", but Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei", allowing her to change her face-down Defense Position monsters to Attack Position. Her Set monster is revealed to be " Predicition Princess Petalelf " (800/700), whose Flip Effect activates, changing all face-up Attack Position monsters Aura's opponent controls to Defense Position and prevent them from changing their battle positions for the remainder of this  turn . "Odd-Eyes" and "Elephammer" are changed to Defense Position.
 Duel continues in  the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Block Spider [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Bowhopper 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Friendonkey [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Hip Hippo [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Spikeagle [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Springoose 
 Performapal Whip Snake [Notes 1] 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Performapal Lizardraw [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Partnaga 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Draw Muscle [Notes 1] 
 Hippo Carnival [Notes 1] 
 Illusion Balloons [Notes 1] 
 Magical Star Illusion [Notes 1] 
 Mimiclay [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Recasting [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization [Notes 1] 
 Wonder Balloons [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Command Performance [Notes 1] 
 Last Minute Cancel [Notes 1] 
 One Two Jump [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Call [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Curtain Call [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Reborn Force [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Revival [Notes 1] 
 Wall of Disruption [Notes 1] 
 
 Aura Sentia Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force VI - The Lovers [Notes 2] 
 Prediction Princess Arrowsylph 
 Prediction Princess Coinorma 
 Prediction Princess Crystaldine 
 Prediction Princess Petalelf 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Prediction Princess Tarotrei Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Prediction Ritual 
 Traps 
 Black Cat-astrophe 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fortuneterror 
 
 Action Card Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Lousy Luck 
 Differences in  the Dub 
 In the original, Aura hit Yuya with her crystal apple because he landed in a position where he would look up her skirt. In the dub, she hit him because he nearly landed on her which would have led to her crystal apple being shattered. The scene, ironically, wasn't edited, however, so the dub version still had Yuya accidentally looking up her skirt. 
 Aura's nosebleeds are recolored. 
 Errors 
 Even though the card image of " Prediction Princess Tarotrei " shows it having 2700  ATK , its ATK gauge is displayed as 2600 instead and the damage calculation is done based on that value. The gauge is corrected in the English dub. 
 In the dub, when Aura uses the effect of her "Prediction Princess Crystaldine" to add a Ritual Monster from her Deck to her hand, she mistakenly says that she's adding a Ritual Spell Card. 
 The font used for the words "TO BE CONTINUED" that are used at the end of the dubbed version are the same as the one used in the dub of Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  English 
 A Duel With Fate (part 1)
 
 
  French 
 Rendez-vous avec le destin, 1ère
 
 
  German 
 Ein Blick in die Zukunft (1)
 
 
  Italian 
 Appuntamento col destino (prima parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 점술 소녀, 미엘
 
 
  Thai 
 เทพธิดาพายากรณ์ โฮจุน มิเอรุ
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
  Mieru Hochun  
 
 Aoi Yūki 
 
 Aura Sentia 
 
 Sarah Natochenny 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 Ryoko Yui 
 
 Yoko Sakaki
 
 Saskia Maarleveld 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 Amanda D'Archangelis
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
  Naruko Unno 
 
 Kuniko Ishijima 
 
 Madam Divina 
 
 
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Sean Schemmel 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.00   1.01   1.02   1.03   1.04   1.05   1.06   1.07   1.08   1.09   1.10   1.11   1.12   1.13   1.14   1.15   1.16   1.17   1.18   1.19   1.20   1.21   1.22   This card can be seen when  Yuya  is rearranging his Deck. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when  Aura  predicts the future. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/ArcV_022.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140907150228', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Mieru_VS_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140907131502', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes