Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Anime_Gameplay

v e 
Anime and manga gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (first series) 
 Gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 Gameplay 
 Duelist Kingdom  -  Battle City Virtual World  -  Waking the Dragons Pyramid of Light  -  Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Gameplay 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Ground Duel 
 Turbo Duel 
 Duel Puzzle 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal 
 Duel Coaster 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Duelist Kingdom Gameplay 
 2   Battle City Gameplay 
 3   Virtual World 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 5   Waking the Dragons 
 6   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom Gameplay 
 Duelist Kingdom  had a simplified card play and battle system. It had some major differences to the real life game. These rules were seemingly made up as the creators went along, with some cards having very specific rules and exceptions that were not always consistently applied.
 
 Each player began with 2000  Life Points . 
 Only one  monster  could attack per turn (which further reinforced the direct attacks as players prevented them). 
 Tributes  were not required to Summon monsters of  Level  5 or higher, so they could be directly Summoned to the field. 
 Machine - Type  monsters were immune to non-physical attacks (except for " Labyrinth Tank " for reasons unknown); this includes  Spellcaster  type monsters, some  Spell Cards , and monsters that have an  Equip Spell Card . This rule also applied to monsters that were Summoned to their favored terrain. 
 Monsters could be  Normal Summoned  in  face-up   Defense Position . 
 When a player uses a  Ritual Magic Card  properly, they didn't actually need the corresponding  Ritual Monster , which was abandoned just before  Battle City . 
 Each  Attribute  or  Type  had a strength and weakness against another. A superior monster will always either automatically destroy an inferior monster or lower its  ATK  by a certain amount (usually by 360 or returning the inferior monster's ATK to its original one). 
 If a monster was played in its favored terrain, it would receive a 30% increase in its ATK and  DEF  points. This is known as a  Field Power Bonus .
 EARTH  attribute monsters lose their Field Power Bonus when fighting  WIND  and/or  Winged Beast  monsters. 
 Dinosaur  type monsters lose their Field Power Bonus when fighting  FIRE  attribute monsters. 
 All Class A  Toon Monsters  seen in the first season were not able to  attack directly  but were immune to attacks from non-Toon monsters unless restrained (or prevented from attacking), and had to be Summoned via sacrificing its normal counterpart via the effect of " Toon World ". 
 If a certain  Trap Card  is  Set , it automatically activates if it meets its requirement for activation. The controller has no control when this happens. 
 Although it is implied that there are no direct attacks, direct attacks never occur because players Summon monsters in order to protect their Life Points (as seen in the very  first episode  when  Yugi  "must" Summon Exodia or all 3 of Kaiba's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " will attack and finish off Yugi's Life Points). 
 Battle City Gameplay 
 Main article:  Battle City Rules 
 Virtual World 
 This arc used the  Battle City rules , with one difference: 
 Many monsters had their own abilities when they were used as a " Deck Master ". For more information, see  Deck Master Abilities . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 Class A and B  Toon  monsters were  Normal Summoned  instead of  Special Summoned . 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Toon  monsters were much more accurate to the current  TCG  rules in this season, but they were still immune to attacks from non- Toon  monsters. 
 It seems that if you're participating in Tag-Team Duel, you can still activate cards that affect your partner even after you officially lost the Duel. This was proven when Yugi and Seto faced Dartz because Seto activated " Wish of Final Effort " after his  Life Points  hit 0. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX anime gameplay 
 
 
 
Categories: Gameplay