Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Meklord_Emperor


 
 Meklord Emperor 
 機皇帝 「 きこうてい 」  ( Kikōtei ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Meklord Emperor Skiel ", " Meklord Emperor Granel " and " Meklord Emperor Wisel ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Machine Emperor 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Empereur Meklord 
 
 
 German 
 Meklord-Imperator (TCG), Maschinenimperator (anime) 
 
 
 Italian 
 Imperatore Meklord 
 
 
 Korean 
 기황제 機皇帝   (Hanja)   Gihwangje   (romanized) Translation:  Machine Emperor 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Senhormek Imperador 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Imperador Meklord 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Extreme Victory 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Shonen Jump Vol. 9, Issue 6 promotional card Shonen Jump Vol. 9, Issue 8 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship Qualifier National Championships 2011 prize cards Duel Terminal 7a Star Pack 2013 Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Legendary Duelists: Rage of Ra 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Weekly Shōnen Jump 2010, Issue 36–37 promotional card V Jump October 2010 promotional card Duel Terminal - Sacred Star Knights!! The Valuable Book 13 promotional cards Duelist Pack: Duelists of Gloom 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.7 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Meklord Emperor ", known as " Machine Emperor " ( 機 皇 帝   Kikōtei ) in the  OCG , is a group of anti- Synchro Monster  cards and a sub- archetype  of " Meklords " used by the  Three Pure Nobles  and later  Aporia  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 
 Anime appearance 
 Those cards were given to their respective owners by their " God ", from large monoliths sent from space with an "infinity" symbol on the side(s). Also, each of the "Decks" (which consist of 1 "Meklord Emperor" and all of the other parts that go with it) are sent one at a time. Each of the "Meklord Emperor"  monsters  has a colored aura around them (as seen on the older card illustrations): " Wisel " is surrounded by a green aura, " Skiel  "is surrounded by a blue aura, and " Granel " is surrounded by an orange aura. They are identified by the atom-like core inside the ∞ sign on their chests. They were created by  Ener-D  when the  Ener-D  reactors around the  world  exploded.
 " Meklord Emperor Wisel ,"  Primo 's Meklord Emperor, was test driven by  Ghost , who first used it against  Trudge  and later against  Yusei Fudo . In the anime, "Wisel" is a monster composed of 5 monsters via the  effect  of "Meklord Emperor Wisel", which are all Summoned by the effect of " Wise Core " when it is  destroyed  via a  card effect . When the 5 parts are combined, they form a humanoid robot. In its battle against Yusei the right arm, " Wisel Guard ", is destroyed, but is replaced with " Wisel Guard 3 ", and later his left arm " Wisel Attack " is upgraded by the effect of " Wise A3 " into " Wisel Attack 3 ". Yusei won the Duel by destroying its head, " Wisel Top ". 
 " Meklord Emperor Skiel ,"  Lester 's Meklord Emperor, was first used in a Duel against  Leo  and  Luna . When the 5 parts are combined, they form a bird-like robot. In this Duel Lester  Tributed  his " Skiel Attack " to  Special Summon  " Skiel Attack 3 ", by the effect of " Sky A3 ", which in turn was Tributed to Special Summon " Skiel Attack 5 ". With this upgrade he defeated both Leo and Luna. "Skiel" is also a monster composed of 5 monsters, which are all Summoned by the effect of " Sky Core ", and combined by the effect of "Meklord Emperor Skiel". 
 " Meklord Emperor Granel ,"  Jakob 's Meklord Emperor, was received by Jakob following Primo's defeat. It is also a  Machine -Type Monster, made up of an "Meklord Emperor" body and multiple other parts Summoned by  the effect of " Grand Core ", which can be upgraded with better versions. Unlike the other Emperors, in the anime, Granel can only absorb the  Synchro Monsters  by using other body parts' effects, such as " Granel Attack " and " Granel Top 5 ". "Granel" is considered the strongest between the three Emperors in the anime, because it can use the absorbed Synchro Monsters for both attack and defense.
 As seen in  episode 108 , all of the individual "Meklord Emperor" parts can be used by their kin as Primo used "Skiel Carrier" parts on Wisel.
 All "Meklord Emperors" are focused on absorbing opponent's  Synchro Monsters  to gain  ATK  equal to absorbed Synchro Monsters' ATK. This can be countered by  Accel Synchro Summoning  an  Accel Synchro Monster , using a   Ritual Monster  or using other Extra Deck monsters as  Fusion Monster ,  Xyz Monster  or  Link Monster , instead of a Synchro Monster (including using Synchro Monster as a  Fusion Materials  or  Link Materials ), Special Summoning an " Assault Mode " monster, countering with " Turbo Warrior " since it cannot be  targeted  by the effects of  Level  6 or lower monsters, or simply not using a Synchro Monster. This is because they wanted to get rid of Synchro Monsters, believing that they helped cause the destruction of the world.
 All of the monsters of each series (other than the "Meklord Emperors" themselves) can be upgraded to larger monsters with higher levels and stronger effects. At least one piece each of "Wisel", "Skiel" and "Granel" has been shown to be upgradable to  Level  5.
 In the anime, support for this archetype comes in the form of each "Meklord Emperor" parts, which are designed for use on one monster but can be used interchangeably, their Cores (named after the Meklord Emperor name's root word,  Wise ,  Sky , and  Grand ), a series of  Trap Card  designed for individual Meklord Emperors (again, named after the root word, followed by the initial of the part it targets, and the level of the Summoned Monster, " Wise A3 " for example), as well as a series of cards supporting all three in general. All "Meklord Emperors" are Special Summoned along their respective parts by an egg-like core.
 In the anime, the Meklords were created by the  Ener-D  as a response to the greed and selfishness of humanity who had abused of the Ener-D's power to control evolution. In  episode 149 , Z-one showed that the army of Meklords could be stopped by removing the negative emotions that caused the Ener-D to go out of control.
 
 Trivia 
 When one takes the beginning of all parts ( A ttack,  C arrier,  G uard and  T op), it forms the acronym  ACGT  which are the DNA Bases that form a double helix. Coincidentally the nucleotides that are commonly found together, Adenine and Thymine, and Guanine and Cytosine in the double helix, are related to what parts support the Emperors. Attack and Top serve as offensive power, while Guard and Carrier serve defensive purposes. 
 The "Meklord Emperors" also represent the threefold Ecstasis of Sky, Earth and Human has been deeply rooted in the Chinese and Japanese ecological consciousness since classical times, the word "ecstasis" here in the conference title points to the Heideggerian concern of time-space as intrinsic to being’s manifestation, which in turn conditions our earthly sojourn in the first place.  wherein "Skiel" is Sky, "Wisel" is Human, "Granel" is Earth. 
 The names of the "Meklord Emperors" are derived from the root word used in their Cores and the suffix - el, which is traditionally the suffix used to name angels (Ex: Haziel, Azrael). This may represent their roles in the apocalyptic future, parallel to the role the angels had in the Biblical Apocalypse. The " Timelords ", used by  Aporia 's master  Z-one , are also similarly named. 
 Each of them also takes a different role analogous to a role in the military. "Wisel" is a soldier, "Granel" is a tank and "Skiel" is an aerial vehicle. 
 In the anime, if one has four parts of a Meklord Emperor and one of another, it changes color. 
 "Meklord Emperors" has a special type of alignment: Wisel and Granel is "+" shaped (The leftmost one in defense position) and Skiel in "T" shaped 
 v e 
 Meklord  cards 
   
" Meklord " 「 機 皇 」 Members 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Assembly Meklord Astro the Eradicator Meklord Deflection Meklord Factory Meklord Fortress The Resolute Meklord Army 
 Support 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Chaos Infinity Meklord Assembly Meklord Astro the Eradicator Meklord Deflection Meklord Factory Mektimed Blast Reboot 
 
 v e 
" Meklord " 「 機 皇 」 a   Members 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Mekanikle Meklord Emperor Creation Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Support 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Chaos Infinity Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk 
 
   
" Meklord Emperor " 「 機 皇 帝 」 Members 
 Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor 
 Support 
 Meklord Nucleus Infinity Core 
 Meklord Fortress 
 
 v e 
" Meklord Emperor " 「 機 皇 帝 」 a   Members 
 Boon of the Meklord Emperor Meklord Emperor Granel Meklord Emperor Skiel Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Support 
 Attack Cannon Granel Guard Granel Guard 3 Infinity Wall 
 Related 
 Grand Core Sky Core Wise Core 
 
   
" Meklord Army " 「 機 皇 兵 」 Members 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Granel Meklord Army of Skiel Meklord Army of Wisel 
 The Resolute Meklord Army 
 Support 
 Meklord Army Deployer Obbligato Meklord Army of Skiel 
 Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress Meklord Factory The Resolute Meklord Army 
 
   
" Meklord Astro " 「 機 皇 神 」 Members 
 Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk Meklord Astro Dragon Triskelion Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 Meklord Astro the Eradicator 
 Support 
 Meklord Astro the Eradicator 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/5Dx149_Machine_Emperors_created.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110226150053']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes