Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Darkside_of_Dimensions


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions
 
 
 
 Japanese name
 
 
 遊☆戯☆王  ＴＨＥ　ＤＡＲＫ　ＳＩＤＥ　ＯＦ　ＤＩＭＥＮＳＩＯＮＳ
 
 
 
 Rōmaji name
 
 
 Yūgiō Za Dākusaido Obu Dimenshonzu
 
 
 
 Alternate names
 
 
 유희왕 더 다크 사이드 오브 디멘션즈
 
 
 
 Genre
 
 
 Adventure, Gaming
 
 
 
 Release dates
 
 
 Japan : April 23, 2016 [1] 
 South Korea : June 9, 2016 [2] 
 Taiwan : September 25, 2016 [3] 
 Indonesia : November 9, 2016 [4] 
 Singapore : December 1, 2016 [5] 
 United States : January 27, 2017 [6] 
 United Kingdom : February 1, 2017 [7] 
 Italy : March 10, 2017 [7] 
 Germany : March 12, 2017 [8] 
 Latin America : April 22, 2017 
 International : 2017 [9] 
 
 
 Running time
 
 
 130 minutes
 
 
 
 Story by
 
 
 Kazuki Takahashi [10] [11] 
 
 
 
 Director
 
 
 Satoshi Kuwabara [12] [13] 
 
 
 
 Character design
 
 
 Kazuki Takahashi [10] [11] 
 
 
 
 Animation
 
 
 Studio Gallop 
 
 
 
 Production
 
 
 Nihon Ad Systems 
 
 
 
 Producers
 
 
 Nihon Ad Systems 
 TV Tokyo 
 4K Media 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  is a film that was released in Japan on April 23, 2016. [1]  The film is an original story and features  Yugi Muto  and  Seto Kaiba  as its main characters. [14]  The film's story is set after the events of the  original manga . [15]  Worldwide, it received a 2017 release, where it is marketed as a story that takes place after the  second anime series . [9] 
 In celebration of the film and franchise in general,  TV Tokyo  began airing a remastered digital edition of the 2000–2004  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  anime in Japan. A manga special, " TRANSCEND GAME " ( parts 1  and  2 ), was printed in  Weekly Shōnen Jump , and serves as a link between the end of the  manga series  and the beginning of the film.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Seto Kaiba vs. Virtual Atem 
 2.2   Seto Kaiba vs. Aigami 
 2.3   Yugi Muto vs. Aigami 
 2.4   Yugi Muto vs. Seto Kaiba 
 2.5   Yugi Muto & Seto Kaiba vs. Dark Aigami 
 
 
 3   Appearances 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Cast 
 6   Music 
 7   Production 
 
 7.1   Development 
 7.2   Promotion 
 7.3   Design 
 
 
 8   References and Easter Eggs 
 9   Differences in adaptations 
 10   Trivia 
 11   Gallery 
 12   Trailers 
 13   External links 
 14   References 
 
 14.1   Summary sources 
 14.2   Inline citations 
 
 
 15   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 At the  KaibaCorp space station ,  Seto Kaiba  observes a virtual reconstruction of the  Millennium Puzzle .
 
           The  Shrine of the Underworld  being excavated.     
 In  Kul Elna , the  Shrine of the Underworld  is excavated by  KaibaCorp , with  Mani , among the workers. One of the other workers takes out a device, displaying an image of the Millennium Puzzle being worn by  Yugi Muto , so that he knows what it is they are looking for. He exits the shrine just as a helicopter, carrying  Mokuba Kaiba  flies past.
 At  Kame Game , Yugi is leaving to go to school, but is stopped by  Solomon Muto , who comments on  Téa Gardner . Yugi leaves and at a flight of stairs, meets Téa, who greets him with a shoulder bump.
 Joey Wheeler  hurriedly cycles to school. His carelessness causes him to get soaked by  Sanpei  emptying a bucket of water and knock over a  policeman . Yugi and Téa arrive at school, where they spot  Ryo Bakura , who is being obsessed over by a group of girls. Joey catches up with  Tristan Taylor  and with one minute before the school gate closes, Tristan gets onto the back of Joey's bike. The two speed downhill and get inside the gate, just as  Mr. Karita  shuts it.
 
           Yugi  and his friends discuss their futures.     
 At lunchtime on the roof of the school, Yugi and his friends discuss their futures. Téa has been accepted for a study abroad program and wishes to become a professional dancer. Tristan is unhappy with the job he has lined up working in his father's factory. Joey would like to become a professional Duelist and claims there is no one out there who can stop him, but Tristan points out that their math teacher can, having confiscated Joey's Duel Disk for polishing it in class. Téa encourages Yugi to tell the group his plan. He reckons he will stay working in Kame Game, helping his grandfather, but also intends to design on his own games, hoping that one day he will invent one that they can all play together. Joey proposes a pact that they all meet up to play Yugi's game, after it makes it big. Yugi is worried that they're getting overly faithful of his success, but Téa assures him that he can do it.
 When Yugi and his friends return to class, they spot a new student. They think that they remember him, but struggle to think of his name, before Tristan finally says that it is  Aigami .
 After school, Yugi is walking with Joey and Téa. Joey has his Duel Disk back. As Yugi looks through his Deck, he thinks of  Atem  and pauses. Joey asks him what is wrong and although Yugi insists it is nothing, Joey realizes he is thinking of Atem and say that it is impossible to forget him. Yugi reflects on the  Ceremonial Battle , remembering himself sealing " Monster Reborn " in " Gold Sarcophagus ", Atem walking through the Doorway to the Underworld and the  Millennium Items  falling into the depths of the Earth.
 
           Aigami  produces the  Quantum Cube .     
 Joey notices Aigami, being harassed by  Scud  and  his gang , with Scud commenting on Aigami's cute face and making provocative remarks. Joey jumps down from the bridge and approaches the group. Scud and his companions let the matter drop for the time being and leave Aigami alone, but Scud instructs Aigami to meet him at the KaibaCorp construction site later and threatens him, should he not show up. Aigami thanks Joey, Téa and Yugi and insists that he is fine, before leaving.
 Later at the construction site, Scud and his gang have a video camera to record Aigami. They threaten him with various weapons and say that today's lesson is "pain". Aigami is silent at first, but laughs and asks the gang how long he has been in their memories and if they are aware that he has altered them. He produces the  Quantum Cube  and the lights go out. A group of children with glowing eyes appear and surround the gang. The gangsters start to glow and a symbol appears on Aigami's forehead. Scud and his gang are disintegrated and drop their camera. Aigami walks away, but returns to collect the camera.
 
           Yami Yugi  at the church     
 At a church-like setting,  Yami Yugi , dressed as he was while sharing Yugi's body but with two additional gold armbands, walks through a set of doors to face Kaiba. The two engage in  a Duel , which ultimately ends in Kaiba's victory.
 The Duel is revealed to have taken place in a virtual reality, while Kaiba is in his space station. One of  Kaiba's scientists  hands him a bottle of water and comments on how well the system is performing, but Kaiba is not happy. He deems the Duel imperfect, because despite the accuracy and fine-tuning of his recreation of Atem, it was not the real thing. In frustration, he throws the bottle on to the ground. Mokuba contacted the space station and informed Kaiba that they had found the pieces of the Millennium Puzzle at the excavation.
 
           Téa ,  Duke ,  Tristan , Yugi and  Bakura  at  Devlin's cafe .     
 At a mall, Yugi, Téa, Tristan and Bakura are sitting at  Devlin's cafe , being served by  Duke Devlin , Yugi reads the news about Scud and his gang's disappearance. Yugi, Téa and Duke note that it is only one of many recent cases of people mysteriously disappearing. Bakura mentions how the person responsible could be watching them, but Téa accredited that paranoia to the  Bakura fanclub , who were spying on him from behind a pillar. Nearby, Joey is wearing a dog costume, walking around, handing out balloons. Tristan repairs Joey's Duel Disk at the table, which Duke remarks is brave of him, as he could get blamed for breaking it.
 Aigami teleports to the mall, where he stands on a higher level and watches over Yugi and his friends. He reflects on the time he was in  Prana Realm , a plateau above the clouds. There were seven pillars on the plateau, each depicting a Millennium Item. As Aigami stands before one of the pillars, children appear and disappear, while he and  Sera  remain constantly present.
 
           The plateau.     
 Aigami reflects further back to when he and Sera were alone and thirsty in Egypt. Sera refers to Aigami as "Diva", as she gives him a cup of water. Aigami decides to leave the plateau and is followed by some of the others, including  Mani .
 In the present, Mani calls Aigami a few times, at the mall, before Aigami takes notice. He tries to talk him out of a revenge he knows he is considering, stating it not the target's fault or what their mentor would have wanted. He then informs him that Kaiba found the Millennium Puzzle, prompting Aigami to teleport away.
 Kaiba suddenly appears on screens across the mall and introduces his new Duel Disk, which he says will be demonstrated in an exhibition Duel at  Kaiba Land . Joey groans that he will not be able to afford the new Duel Disk and Tristan suggests that he will need to get another part-time job. Annoyed, Joey accuses Tristan of breaking his Duel Disk, despite having asked him to fix it, and insists that Tristan now owes him for it. The two get into a fight and their antics cause a girl to lose a balloon that Joey handed out. Téa tries to break them up, but Joey eats her ice cream, while continuing to fight. Joey's boss,  Mr. Clown , sees this and lectures Joey on the importance of his job.
 In Kul Elna, Mokuba and  Roland  are waiting for Kaiba, who soon arrives in his  Blue-Eyes White Dragon jet . The group entered the Shrine of the Underworld and Kaiba notes the location of the Ceremonial Battle. He and Mokuba walk towards the disassembled Millennium Puzzle, whose pieces are being scanned by a computer. Mokuba asks how Kaiba plans on reconstructing the puzzle, when it took Yugi eight years to do so and Kaiba makes a reply about Yugi being a child when he did it.
 Kaiba is informed that it takes 30 minutes to disable the security system for the Millennium Puzzle's lock. To pass the time, Kaiba says he shall have a Duel and, aware of Aigami's presence among the crowd, Kaiba calls him out, using the name, "Diva". Aigami is impressed that Kaiba knows his real name and Kaiba asks how he is in Egypt, having been in  Domino City  just minutes ago, while showing footage of him.
 One of the KaibaCorp men threatens Aigami with a gun. An act which is mocked by Aigami, before using the Quantum Cube to make the man disappear. After witnessing this, groups of workers run away, leaving just Kaiba, Mokuba, Aigami, Mani and some KaibaCorp employees.
 
           Aigami and  Kaiba  Dueling.     
 Aigami attempts to use his cube on Kaiba, but Kaiba readies his Duel Disk, which counters the effect of the cube. Kaiba yells, asking if Aigami thinks he can defeat him with his own power. Aigami instead challenges Kaiba to a Duel, which he accepts and the cube transforms into a Duel Disk.
 
           Kaiba slamming the ground before drawing " Obelisk ".     
 Kaiba and Aigami Duel using the Dimension Area ruleset. Kaiba is outperformed at first, but resolves that he cannot lose, since he must face "Yugi", before correcting himself and saying "Atem". Kaiba slams his hand into the ground and then draws " Obelisk the Tormentor ". He Summons it, which Aigami thought would be impossible, since "Obelisk" was one of the pharaoh's monsters. Kaiba sacrificed two of his monsters to use the effect of "Obelisk", leaving Aigami with 1000 Life Points.
 The Duel is interrupted, as the computer finishes scanning the pieces of the Millennium Puzzle. Mokuba then hooks the case containing the puzzle to the KaibaCorp helicopter and flies away, taunting Aigami. However, Aigami teleports up onto the case and with a glowing purple hand, reaches through the glass. Mokuba sees what Aigami is doing and headbutts him, knocking him off the case. Kaiba concludes that he has what he needs and gets back into his jet to leave.
 Mani notices the pit that the puzzle had been extracted from is glowing, so he teleports into it and finds the  Millennium Ring .
 In a dream, Joey is on the top of a flying KaibaCorp blimp, where Kaiba is patronizingly towering over him. He taunts him about the new Duel Disk, saying that a commoner (凡骨  bonkotsu ) like him will never be able to afford it and teasingly asks if he wants it (or mockingly announces that Joey can't have the Duel Disk for not being worthy of it in the dub) . Joey falls off the blimp, but awakes to the school's graduation rehearsal, falling out of his chair.
 On the stage, Yugi practices his speech, while Aigami stands at the back of the hall, only visible to Sera, who has just arrived. She refers to Aigami as "brother" and asks if he fought Kaiba. Aigami hands her a piece of the Millennium Puzzle that he managed to swipe, and instructs her to keep it safe. He comments on the resurrection of the pharaoh, but Sera is not too enthusiastic. She disappears, leaving Aigami to approach Yugi and his friends, expressing interest in getting to know them better.
 The group go bowling with Aigami and then head to a fast-food restaurant. The group tell Aigami stories about their adventures, Joey shows his Deck to Aigami and praises Yugi's Dueling skills. Aigami shows interest in Dueling Yugi, but Joey says that he will have to get through him first, so Yugi invites them to have a Duel tournament at his house.
 
           The elevator to the space station.     
 Kaiba enters an elevator, which takes him to the space station. He takes the Millennium Puzzle pieces to a small room and puts them on a floor, where a computer begins to put the pieces together. It provides a six-hour estimate for completion and Kaiba thinks to himself "Wait for me... Yugi".
 Aigami, Bakura and Joey are on their way to visit Yugi, for the friendly tournament. Aigami shows Joey and Bakura his  Quantum Cube , which he says is a Deck case, which was given to him by somebody important to him. Bakura mentions having once had an item that  his father  brought back from Egypt and Aigami replies that he would like to hear more of this story.
 At Kame Game, Yugi is preparing his Deck for the Duel tournament, when Sera enters the store. She notices the  Millennium Puzzle box , which Yugi had been keeping his cards in and comments that is pretty. Yugi tidies it away and informs her that it is not for sale.
 Sera shows him the Prana Realm with the seven pillars and then takes him back to the store. She has now disappeared, but Yugi opens the puzzle box and finds the piece of the Millennium Puzzle that Aigami had given to Sera.
 
           Kaiba observing the near-complete  Millennium Puzzle .     
 At the space station, the computer has almost finished reassembling the Millennium Puzzle, but reports that two pieces are missing. At first, Kaiba says that this is impossible, but then realizes that Aigami must have taken them when he put his hand through the glass.
 Bakura talks about how he stowed away in the cargo of a ship in Egypt when he was young, while his father searched for the Millennium Ring, but he stops talking, unsure why he is sharing this information. Aigami uses his powers on Bakura, who cries out that he does not want to remember. A group of Plana children appear and Joey tries to get himself and Bakura to leave. Aigami sends Joey to another dimension, where he finds himself in a street, with other people walking past him. Aigami explains that this world is being sustained by Joey's memories, and that as soon as Joey forgets something it will disappear. Joey seems to take advantage of this and recreates a street he rides his bicycle down at the beginning of the movie, complete with Sanpei splashing a bucket of water on him like before. However, the people he recreated pay no attention to him. Aigami asks if Joey really thinks he can win a battle of wits with him, and decides to start erasing Joey's memories, causing the world to rapidly dissolve around him.
 While Yugi is wondering where everyone is, Tristan arrives and informs him that he has found Joey's bicycle and Duel Disk abandoned, something Joey would never do. He takes Yugi on his motorbike to search for Joey and they meet with Téa.
 Aigami approaches Bakura, who is cringed on the ground, in a panic. Aigami laughs and asks if he does not remember. He conjures a flashback, in which  Shadi Shin  is with a group of children, including Aigami, Sera and Mani. The  Tablet of the Pharaoh's Memories  is nearby, with the Millennium Ring and  Scales  inside it. Shadi explains that three of the Millennium Items are weak to evil, three represent justice and that the Millennium Puzzle contains both justice and evil. He says to Aigami that he is on the same level as the person destined to solve the Millennium Puzzle.
 Shadi states that when the seven Millennium Items are gathered the door to a better world will open and that the children may travel there, because they have been chosen. The young  Aigami  thinks that he wants to go to that world and says that he is not afraid of anything because of his friends and family, but Shadi replies that it is his fear.
 
           Bakura acquires the  Millennium Ring .     
 Bakura's father appears and is excited to see the Millennium Ring, having spent his life searching for it. He offers Shadi a bag of money for the item. Shadi explains that the item is not for sale, but that he can put it on, so he can be  tested  to see if he is worthy. Bakura's father puts the ring on, but after a few seconds, he is thrown across the room, with the ring detaching from him. Bakura's father is attacked by shadows in the shape of snakes, prompting the young Ryo Bakura to emerge from his hiding place to help him. He runs to his father, who begs him to get the ring. Bakura picks it up and a purple light is emitted.
 Yami Bakura  is awakened, while the Millennium Ring fuses into Bakura's body, disappearing under his skin. Yami Bakura thanks Shadi for bringing him a nice host and proceeds to attack and fatally wound Shadi. The children run to Shadi, who gives the  Quantum Cube  to Aigami, just before dying. Yami Bakura continues to attack the children, with Aigami and Sera managing to survive.
 In the present, Bakura is shocked by what he has seen. He weeps and claims that it was all the Millennium Ring, but apologizes for taking away someone important to Aigami. Mani arrives with the Millennium Ring, now warped by its evil. He attempts to kill Bakura, before regaining control of himself. He throws Bakura to one side and tells Aigami to run. Bakura is transported to another dimension. Aigami and Mani go to another, where Mani dies and disappears. Aigami considers taking the Millennium Ring, but stops when he hears Yugi calling for Joey.
 At  Domino City Plaza , Aigami appears before Yugi and admits that he is a Prana, whose real name is Diva. He explains that the "Aigami" Yugi knew was merely an illusion, implanted in his memory.
 
           Joey in the dissolving dimension.     
 Inside, the dissolving dimension, Joey falls and his body begins to fade away with the rest of the world. However there is a flash of light and Joey sees Atem. Joey then finds himself back in his own world, where Yugi, Téa and Tristan and relieved to find him, but still worried about Bakura. Aigami then disappears, calling Yugi and his friends interesting. Joey begins to tell Yugi, about him seeing Atem, but stops himself and says it is nothing, before rushing to help find Bakura.
 While Aigami is on the roof of a building, he is suddenly abducted and blindfolded by a group of men from KaibaCorp. He is brought before Kaiba, who demands the pieces of the puzzle. After refusing to hand them over, he is taken to  Kaiba Land .
 
           Kaiba approaches Yugi.     
 During his search for Bakura, Yugi stops at a road crossing just as the lights change. He takes a moment to catch his breath and notices that the traffic is stopped, when it should be moving. Looking into the intersection, he sees that Kaiba is the source of the disruption. Yugi asks him what he is doing there and Kaiba declares that Yugi is to take part in the exhibition Duel at Kaiba Land, no excuses. He shows Yugi the near-reassembled Millennium Puzzle and expresses his belief that Yugi and Aigami have the two missing pieces. Before leaving on his helicopter, he explains that his goal is to face " the other Yugi " and that Yugi alone is of little interest to him.
 
           Sera  commenting on Yugi re-completing the Millennium Puzzle.     
 Yugi sees that the Millennium Puzzle box with his piece is in the road and proceeds to collect it just as traffic begins to move. He almost gets hit by a truck, but is saved by Sera, who teleports him to safety. Yugi thanks her and she says it is up to him to complete the Puzzle or not once again. She also requests that Yugi save her elder brother.
 Aigami dreams of himself and Sera, back in Egypt, thirsty and begging people, who regard them as a nuisance. He wakes up tied to a chair in a glass prison, with Mokuba on the other side of the glass. Kaiba monitors their interaction externally. Mokuba taunts Aigami, who affirms that Kaiba will never get both pieces. However, Mokuba claims to already know where the other piece is and shows him pictures of Sera. At the Kaiba Land stadium, which boosts a high attendance, Kaiba Summons " Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " and has it attack  Solid Vision  fighter jets. He gives a speech to the audience about Dueling and his new Duel Disk. Among those in attendance are  Weevil Underwood  and  Rex Raptor . Yugi and Aigami are introduced and Kaiba announces that he will be Dueling each of them for their pieces of the Millennium Puzzle.
 Sera appears before Aigami and apologizes, but maintains that she made the right decision in giving her puzzle piece to Yugi. Aigami is relieved to see that she is okay.
 
           Aigami and Yugi about  to Duel .     
 Yugi gets annoyed and demands that he be the one to Duel Aigami. Since Aigami had hurt Yugi's friends and caused Bakura's disappearance, Yugi considers this to be his battle. Kaiba allows it and throws Yugi a new Duel Disk.
 Yugi and Aigami begin  to Duel . After reducing Yugi to just a few  Life Points , Aigami claims he is not doing anything wrong; he just wishes to go the new dimension and leave the current corrupt world behind. He invites Yugi to join him, but Yugi refuses to give up on the current world and its future.
 Aigami reflects on his youth, when he was living with an abusive man, who would get children to steal for him. The man would neglect the children and use the stolen money to take care of himself. Shadi appeared before them and immobilized the man. He approached Aigami and pushed against his forehead, causing a gold symbol to momentarily appear. When Sera asked what he did to her brother, Shadi assured her that he was safe. He then proceeded to perform the same action on the other children. Finally, he unfroze the man and used the Quantum Cube to put an end to him.
 In the present, Yugi turns the Duel in his favor and defeats Aigami, reiterating that he believes in the future. Aigami disappears after the Duel. While Joey, Téa and Tristan celebrate Yugi's victory, a light appears in the audience, as Bakura is brought back to their world.
 
           Kaiba and Yugi about to Duel.     
 Kaiba advances to the field to Duel Yugi for the two pieces. He states that his goal is to bring back "the other Yugi," with whom he has unfinished business. He does not expect the Duel to take long, as he is only Dueling the regular Yugi. Kaiba places the Millennium Puzzle in the center of the field, where it floats in a beam of light. Yugi tries to tell Kaiba that Atem is gone, but he pays no attention and they begin their Duel. A few turns in, Yugi insists that the Duel is pointless and demonstrates by inserting the last two pieces into the Millennium Puzzle. Nothing happens, much to Kaiba's surprise.
 Aigami is back in the dimension, where Mani had died, and sees the Millennium Ring again. Sensing his presence, the Ring engulfs him in evil energy. He screams for Sera to save him.
 
           Yugi adds the last two fragments of the Millennium Puzzle.     
 Yugi explains to Kaiba that nothing happened because Atem is no longer inside the Puzzle. Kaiba is furious and accuses Yugi of deceiving him. The two continue to Duel and Yugi eventually attacks Kaiba, who had 2500 Life Points, with " Dark Magician ", which had 2500 ATK. Kaiba's Life Points decrease, but he smirks as the counter suddenly stops at 100. The power at the stadium is shut down, prematurely ending the Duel.
 People in the audience scream as they suddenly disappear in a wave of shadow. Aigami, now influenced by the evil of the Millennium Ring as  Dark Diva , appears and Yugi and Kaiba team up to Duel him.
 
           Aigami distorted by the  Millennium Ring .     
 The Duel is a  Shadow Game , where players' bodies fade away as they lose Life Points. Dark Diva reaches a point where he can defeat one of his opponents and chooses Yugi. However, Kaiba redirects the attack to himself and hands Yugi the Millennium Puzzle, before disappearing, demanding that Yugi "call him now". Yugi puts on the puzzle and continues the Duel. Towards the end, Yugi's body reaches its limits and he finds himself incapable of drawing his next card. He apologizes to everyone (weakly stating that he believes in the heart of the cards in the dub)  and begins to black out, but is suddenly engulfed in a beam of golden light. Pharaoh Atem, dressed in the  Domino High School  uniform, possesses Yugi's body once again. Without speaking, Pharaoh Atem Summons " Palladium Oracle Mahad ", who kneels before him. "Mahad" then defeats Diva, whose body reverts to normal, before disappearing.
 Gold light moves through the stadium, and other people whose bodies had faded away reappear. Yugi and Atem split into separate bodies and stand facing each other. After a moment of silence, Yugi nods and Pharaoh Atem presses on the Millennium Puzzle, making it and himself disappear. Mani is revived and is now with Aigami, Sera, and the other children. Joey, Téa, Tristan and Bakura congratulate Yugi, who informs them that he saw Atem. Joey mentions seeing him earlier too and the group is approached by Kaiba, who is interested in the fact that they saw Pharaoh Atem. Kaiba acknowledges Yugi as a competent Duelist and Yugi thanks him for believing in him. Kaiba gives him a smile and parts ways.
 Aigami wakes up in the Plana realm, where Mani informs him that since the Pharaoh had returned their powers were now gone for eternity, but comments that it was for the best.
 
           Yugi gives his speech.     
 During the graduation ceremony, Yugi reads his speech, causing Téa to tear up and Joey and Tristan to cry uncontrollably. In Egypt, Aigami and Sera part ways with Mani, on good terms. At the airport, Téa boards a plane and her friends all see her off.
 On the KaibaCorp space station, Kaiba is in a pod, on a call with Mokuba, who warns him that what he is attempting is dangerous. Mokuba says that the item in question has not been fully tested and the safety precautions have not been ensured. Kaiba says not to worry and despite Mokuba begging him otherwise, continues with his plan and says that Mokuba is in charge. He activates the Quantum Cube, which is next to him, causing the space station to be covered in gold light, as he shoots down the elevator shaft that connects the station to Earth.
 Kaiba appears in a desert, presumably having traveled to the afterlife, and walks to the top of a hill, overlooking a city containing  Pharaoh Atem's palace . Kaiba advances to the throne room where Atem is sitting, wearing the Millennium Puzzle. Kaiba activates his Duel Disk. Pharaoh Atem stands up, faces him, and confidently smiles.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Seto Kaiba vs. Virtual Atem 
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
 Kaiba 's  hand  contains " Polymerization ", three " Blue-White Dragons " and two unspecified cards. Kaiba  activates  "Polymerization",  fusing  the three "Blue-Eyes" in his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) in  Attack Position . Kaiba  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Atem 
 Atem  activates " Dark Magic Veil ",  paying  1000  LP  (Atem: 8000 → 7000) to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his hand in Attack Position. [16] [17]  As he  controls  "Dark Magician", he activates " Thousand Knives " to  destroy  a  monster  his opponent  controls . He chooses "Neo Blue-Eyes". As his opponent activated a  Spell  or  Trap Card  that would destroy a monster on the  field , Kaiba activates his  face-down  " Dark Sacrifice ", letting him  send  a  Level  3 or lower  DARK  monster from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  to  negate  that destruction. He sends " Saggi the Dark Clown ". [18] [17]  Atem Sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
"Neo Blue-Eyes" attacks "Dark Magician". As a monster he controls was  targeted  for an attack, Atem activates his face-down " Time Chain ",  preventing the destruction of both monsters  by battle , then treating them as not being on the field, negating their effects, preventing from them attacking and preventing them from being targeted by effects or attacks until the second  Standby Phase  of each player (Atem: 7000 → 5000). [18] [17]  Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Atem 
Atem  Normal Summons  " Celtic Guard of Noble Arms " (2100/700) in Attack Position. He then activates its  effect , letting him Special Summon an " Elf " monster from his hand once per  turn . He Special Summons " Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in Attack Position. [18] [17]  Both monsters attack  directly  (Kaiba: 8000 → 4500). Since it inflicted  battle damage  to his opponent, Atem activates the effect of "Celtic Guard",  drawing  two cards as he controls two "Elf" monsters. [18] [17] 
 Turn 5: Kaiba 
As he controls no monsters, Kaiba Normal Summons " Kaiser Vorse Raider " (1900/1200) from his hand in Attack Position without  Tribute  via its own effect. [18] [17]  "Kaiser Vorse Raider" attacks and destroys "Celtic Guardian" (Atem: 5000 → 4500). Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 6: Atem 
As it is his second Standby Phase after the activation of "Time Chain", "Dark Magician" is now treated as being on the field again. As he controls a face-up  Spellcaster - Type  monster, Atem activates " Magical Dimension ", letting him Tribute a monster he controls, Special Summon a Spellcaster-Type monster from his hand, then destroy a monster on the field. He Tributes "Celtic Guard", Special Summons " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) and destroys "Kaiser Vorse Raider". As a card he controls was destroyed by a Spell effect, Kaiba activates his face-down " Induced Explosion ", letting him destroy a card on the field. [19] [17]  He destroys "Time Chain", so "Neo Blue-Eyes" is now treated as being face-up on the field.
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
"Neo Blue-Eyes" attacks "Dark Magician". As an opponent's monster  declared  an attack, Atem activates his face-down " Dimension Reflector ",  banishing  two Spellcaster-Type monsters he controls to target the attacking monster and Special Summon "Dimension Reflector" in Attack Position  as a monster  with  ATK  and  DEF  equal to the attacking monster's ATK, then inflict that value as battle damage to the opponent. [19] [17]  He banishes "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl" to Special Summon "Dimension Reflector" (4500/4500) and inflict 4500 damage. As he would take battle damage, Kaiba activates his face-down " Enhanced Counter ", negating that damage and increasing the ATK of a monster he controls by that value until the end of the  Battle Phase  ("Neo Blue-Eyes": 4500 → 9000). [19] [17]  A  replay  occurs and "Neo Blue-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Dimension Reflector" (Atem: 4500 → 0).
 
 Seto Kaiba vs. Aigami 
 This Duel introduces  Dimension Summoning . Both  Normal Summons  and  Special Summons  may be conducted as Dimension Summons instead, allowing players to Summon any  monster  without  Tribute , by using their own Spirit to determine its  ATK  and  DEF  values, though their maximum  original values  will be the printed values. Neither player receives  battle damage  from  battles  involving Dimension Summoned monsters, but will take damage equal to their ATK or DEF when they are  destroyed , depending on their  battle position .
 As every monster Dimension Summoned by both players was Summoned with its maximum values, that will be not be noted below. 
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
 Kaiba 's opening  hand  contains " Counter Gate ", " Krystal Dragon ", " Dragon's Orb ", " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ", " High Speed Aria " and " Lord of D. ". Kaiba Dimension Summons "Krystal Dragon" (2500/1000) in  Attack Position  and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Aigami 
 Aigami  Dimension Summons " Vijam the Cubic Seed " (0/0) in Attack Position and then Sets four cards.
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
Kaiba Dimension Summons a second "Krystal Dragon" (2500/1000) in Attack Position. The first "Krystal Dragon" attacks "Vijam", but the  effect  of "Vijam" prevents its  destruction by battle . As it was attacked, its effect activates, moving it to the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and placing a  Cubic Counter  on "Krystal Dragon". Monsters with Cubic Counters are unable to attack and have their effects  negated . [20] [17]  The second "Krystal Dragon" attacks  directly . As an opponent's monster  declared  an attack, Aigami activates his face-down " Cubic Ascension ", letting him Special Summon another "Vijam" from his  Deck  and make it the  attack target . [21] [17]  He Special Summons "Vijam" (0/0) in Attack Position and its effect activates, preventing its destruction by battle, placing itself in the Spell & Trap Card Zone and giving "Krystal Dragon" a Cubic Counter.
 Kaiba activates his face-down "Dragon's Orb", preventing the effects of  Dragon - Type  monsters he controls from being negated until the end of the turn. [21] [17]  As both "Krystal Dragons" attacked this turn, Kaiba activates their effects, letting him  add  a Dragon-Type monster from his Deck to his hand. [20] [17]  He adds two " Blue-Eyes White Dragons ". As he has a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in his hand, Kaiba Dimension Summons "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" (3000/2500) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Its name is treated as "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" while on the field. [21] [17]  "Alternative Dragon" attacks directly. As he is being attacked directly, Aigami activates his face-down " Cubic Rebirth ", letting him  target  the attacking monster and force his opponent to Special Summon as many monsters as possible with the same name from their hand, Deck and  Graveyard . The targeted monster and each of the Summoned monsters will receive a Cubic Counter and have their ATK reduced to 0. Aigami can also Special Summon a " Cubic " monster from his hand. [21] [17]  Kaiba Special Summons the two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" (3000 → 0 each) from his hand in Attack Position, while Aigami Special Summons a third "Vijam" (0/0) in Attack Position. Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Aigami 
Aigami activates the effect of the two "Vijam" in his Spell & Trap Card Zone, moving them back to the field. [20] [17]  He stacks a "Vijam" to Special Summon " Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast " (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. It gains 1000 original ATK for each monster stacked underneath it (0 → 1000). [21] [17]  "Dark Garnex" attacks and destroys "Blue-Eyes". Since it destroyed a monster by battle this turn, Aigami activates the effect of "Dark Garnex",  returning  it to the Deck to Special Summon the "Vijam" that was stacked underneath it, then  add  " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast " from his Deck to his hand. [21] [17] 
 Aigami stacks two of his "Vijam" to Special Summon "Blade Garoodia (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. It gains 1000 original ATK for each monster stacked underneath it (0 → 2000). "Blade Garoodia" can attack twice per  Battle Phase , so it attacks and destroys the remaining two "Blue-Eyes". As it destroyed a monster by battle this turn, Aigami activates the effect of "Blade Garoodia", returning it to the Deck to Special Summon the two "Vijam" (0/0 each) stacked underneath it, then add " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth " from his Deck to his hand. [21] [17] 
 Aigami stacks his three "Vijams" to Special Summon "Buster Gundil" (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position. It gains 1000 original ATK for each monster stacked underneath it (0 → 3000). "Buster Gundil" can attack three times per Battle Phase, so it attacks and destroys both of Kaiba's "Krystal Dragons" (Kaiba: 8000 → 3000). [21] [17]  "Buster Gundil" attacks directly. As an opponent's monster with 1500 or more ATK is attacking directly, Kaiba activates his face-down "Counter Gate" to negate the attack and  draw  a card. If it is a monster, he can  Normal Summon  it immediately. [22] [17]  As he controls a "Cubic" monster, Aigami activates his face-down " Cubic Mandala ", letting him Special Summon all monsters in his opponent's Graveyard that were destroyed this turn to the opponent's field with a Cubic Counter and their ATK reduced to 0. As long as these monsters are on the field, all monster effects in his opponent's field, hand and Graveyard are negated. [22] [17]  He Special Summons two "Blue-Eyes" (3000 → 0), "Alternative Dragon" (3000 → 0) and two "Krystal Dragons" (2500 → 0). 
 "Counter Gate"  resolves  and Kaiba draws (from the ground rather than the deck) " Obelisk the Tormentor ". He Tributes his two "Blue-Eyes" and one "Alternative Dragon" to  Tribute Summon  "Obelisk" (4000/4000) in Attack Position. Kaiba activates its effect, Tributing his two "Krystal Dragons" to inflict 4000  damage  to Aigami and destroy "Buster Gundil"  (Aigami: 8000 → 1000). Due to being an  Egyptian God , the effects of "Obelisk" cannot be prevented by the effect of "Cubic Mandala".
 At this point, the security field surrounding the pieces of the  Millennium Puzzle  deactivates, so  Mokuba  and Kaiba escape with the pieces. The Duel ends with no conclusion.
 
 Yugi Muto vs. Aigami 
 This Duel uses  Dimension Summoning . Both  Normal Summons  and  Special Summons  may be conducted as Dimension Summons instead, allowing players to Summon any  monster  without  Tribute , by using their own Spirit to determine its  ATK  and  DEF  values, though their maximum  original values  will be the printed values. Neither player receives  battle damage  from  battles  involving Dimension Summoned monsters, but will take damage equal to their ATK or DEF when they are  destroyed , depending on their  battle position .
 As every monster Dimension Summoned by both players was Summoned with its maximum values, that will be not be noted below. 
 Turn 1: Yugi 
 Yugi   draws  " Dimension Mirage ". He Dimension Summons " Sentry Soldier of Stone " (1300/2000) in  Defense Position  and then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Aigami 
 Aigami  Dimension Summons " Vijam the Cubic Seed " (0/0) in  Attack Position . Aigami stacks his "Vijam" to Dimension Summon " Geira Guile the Cubic King " (0/0) from his  hand  in Attack Position via its own  effect . As it was Special Summoned, its effect  activates , inflicting 800  damage  to the opponent (Yugi: 8000 → 7200). "Geira Guile" gains 800  original ATK  (0 → 800) for each monster stacked underneath it. [23] [17]  Aigami then activates " Cubic Karma ", letting him stack any "Vijam" from his hand underneath a " Cubic " monster he  controls . He stacks two more "Vijam" under "Geira Guile" (ATK: 800 → 2400). [23] [17]  "Geira Guile"  attacks  and destroys "Sentry Soldier of Stone" (Yugi: 7200 → 5200). As he took 2000 or more battle damage, Yugi activates his  face-down  " Dig of Destiny ", letting him draw a card. Since it  battled  this  turn , Aigami activates the effect of "Geira Guile",  returning  it to his Deck to Special Summon the three "Vijam" (0/0 each) underneath it and  add  " Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King " from his  Deck  to his hand. [23] [17] 
 Aigami stacks two "Vijam" to Dimension Summon "Vulcan Dragni" (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. As it was Special Summoned, its effects activates, inflicting 800 damage to the opponent (Yugi: 5200 → 4400). "Vulcan Dragni" gains 800 original ATK for each monster stacked underneath it (0 → 1600). [24] [17]  "Vulcan Dragni" attacks  directly  (Yugi: 4400 → 2800). Since it battled this turn, Aigami activates the effect of "Vulcan Dragni", returning it to the Deck to Special Summon the two "Vijam" (0/0 each) underneath it and add " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor " from his Deck to his hand. [23] [17]  Aigami stacks his three "Vijam" to Dimension Summon "Indiora Doom Volt" (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. As it was Special Summoned, its effect activates, inflicting 800 damage to the opponent (Yugi: 2800 → 2000). "Indiora Doom Volt" gains 800 original ATK for each monster stacked underneath it (0 → 2400). "Indiora Doom Volt" attacks directly. As he is being attacked directly, Yugi activates his face-down " Warrior's Devotion ", letting him  send  a  Warrior - Type  monster from his hand to the  Graveyard  to decrease the attacking monster's ATK by the sent monster's ATK. [24] [17]  He sends " Silent Swordsman LV5 " ("Indiora Doom Volt": 2400 → 100). The attack continues (Yugi: 2000 → 1900).
 Turn 3: Yugi 
Yugi Dimension Summons " Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight " (2300/2100) in Attack Position. "Lord Gaia" attacks and destroys "Indiora Doom Volt" (Aigami: 8000 → 7900). Since "Indiora Doom Volt" was sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, letting him return it to his hand and Special Summon the three "Vijam" (0/0 each) underneath it. [24] [17]  As he Special Summoned a " Cubic Seed " monster during his opponent's turn via the effect of a "Cubic" monster, Aigami activates the effect of "Cubic Karma", sending to the Graveyard to halve his opponent's  LP  (Yugi: 1900 → 950). [23] [17]  Yugi Sets three cards.
 Turn 4: Aigami 
Aigami stacks his three "Vijam" to Dimension Summon "Indiora Doom Volt" (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. As it was Special Summoned, its effect activates, inflicting 800 damage to the opponent (Yugi: 950 → 150). "Indiora Doom Volt" gains 800 original ATK for each monster  stacked underneath it (0 → 2400). As Aigami Special Summoned a monster with ATK greater than the ATK of "Lord Gaia", the effect of "Lord Gaia" increases its ATK by 700 (2300 → 3000) until the  End Phase . [24] [17]  Aigami then activates " Cubic Wave ", letting him target a "Cubic" monster he controls and a monster his opponent controls, increase the ATK of his monster by its original ATK and halve the ATK of his opponent's monster as long as "Cubic Karma" remains on the field ("Indiora Doom Volt": 2400 → 4800, "Lord Gaia": 3000 → 1500). [25] [17]  "Indiora Doom Volt" attacks "Lord Gaia", but Yugi activates his face-down  Continuous Trap Card  " Dimension Sphinx ", letting him target a face-up Attack Position monster he controls. When it is attacked by an opponent's monster with higher ATK, the difference in ATKs will be inflicted to the opponent as damage. Yugi then activates his face-down Continuous Trap Card " Dimension Guardian ", letting him target an Attack Position monster he controls and prevent its  destruction by battle  as long as it is in Attack Position. Finally, Yugi activates his face-down "Dimension Mirage", letting him target an Attack Position monster his opponent controls. When that monster fails to destroy an Attack Position monster Yugi controls by battle, he may  banish  a monster from his Graveyard to force that target to attack again in a row. [25] [17]  The attack continues, "Lord Gaia" is not destroyed and Aigami takes damage (Aigami: 7900 → 4600).
 Since "Indiora Doom Volt" failed to destroy "Lord Gaia" by battle, Yugi banishes a monster from his Graveyard with "Dimension Mirage", the effect of "Dimension Mirage" forces "Indiora Doom Volt" to attack "Lord Gaia" again, with the effect of "Dimension Guardian" preventing "Lord Gaia" from being destroyed and the effect of "Dimension Sphinx" inflicting damage to Aigami (Aigami: 4600 → 1300). Thus, Aigami is forced into an  Infinite Loop  and this repeats one more time, with Yugi banishing the last monster in his Graveyard (Aigami: 1300 → 0). [25] [17] 
 
 Yugi Muto vs. Seto Kaiba 
 Turn 1: Yugi 
 Yugi   Normal Summons  " Marshmacaron " (200/200) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  Normal Summons " Assault Wyvern " (1800/1000) in  Attack Position . "Assault Wyvern"  attacks  and  destroys  "Marshmacaron". As it was destroyed, the  effect  of "Marshmacaron"  activates , letting Yugi  Special Summon  two "Marchmacaron" from his  Deck  with their effects  negated . [26] [17]  He Special Summons them (200/200 each) in  Defense Position . As it destroyed a Defense Position monster  by battle , Kaiba activates the effect of "Assault Wyvern", letting him  Tribute  it to Special Summon a  Dragon - Type   monster  from his  hand . [26] [17]  He Special Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Kaiba activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Dragon's Fighting Spirit ", allowing a Dragon-Type monster that was Special Summoned to his  field  this  turn  to attack an additional number of times equal to the number of monsters Special Summoned to the opponent's field this turn, meaning three. [26] [17]  "Blue-Eyes" attacks and destroys both "Marshmacarons" and then attacks  directly  (Yugi: 8000 → 5000). As he took  battle damage , Yugi activates his  face-down  " Dark Horizon ", letting him Special Summon a  DARK   Spellcaster -Type monster from his Deck with ATK equal to or less than the damage he took. [26] [17]   Yugi Special Summons " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in Attack Position. Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Yugi 
Yugi Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes" attacks "Dark Magician". As an opponent's monster attacked, Yugi activates his face-down " Metamorphortress ", Special Summoning it  as a monster  (1000/1000) in Defense Position. Then, Yugi can  equip  a monster he  controls  to it to increase its ATK and  DEF  by the ATK of the equipped monster. [27] [17]  Yugi equips "Dark Magician" to "Metamorphortress" (1000/1000 → 3500/3500). A  replay  occurs and Kaiba chooses not to attack.
 Turn 5: Yugi 
Yugi switches "Metamorphortress" to Attack Position. "Metamorphortress" attacks and destroys "Blue-Eyes" (Kaiba: 8000 → 7500). As it attacked, the effect of "Metamorphortress" activates, switching it to Defense Position. [27] [17] 
 Turn 6: Kaiba 
Kaiba's hand contains " Polymerization ", " Chaos Form ", "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon ". Kaiba activates "Chaos Form", letting him  Ritual Summon  a  "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier"   Ritual Monster  from his hand. As he has a "Blue-Eyes" or "Dark Magician" in Graveyard, he can do so without Tribute. He Ritual Summons "Chaos MAX Dragon" (4000/0) in Attack Position. [27] [17]  "Chaos MAX Dragon" attacks and destroys "Metamorphortess", with the effect of "Chaos MAX Dragon" inflicting double  piercing   battle damage  (Yugi: 5000 → 4000). [27] [17] 
 Turn 7: Yugi 
Yugi Normal Summons " Apple Magician Girl " (1200/800) in Attack Position and Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Kaiba 
"Chaos MAX Dragon" attacks "Apple Magician Girl". As it was attacked, Yugi activates the effect of "Apple Magician Girl", letting him Special Summon a Spellcaster-Type monster from his hand of a lower  Level  than that of "Apple Magician Girl", or Special Summon a Spellcaster-Type monster from his hand with a higher Level than that of "Apple Magician Girl" with its effects negated. In either case, the Summoned monster will be made the new  attack target  and the ATK of the attacking monster will be halved. [27] [17]  He chooses the former effect, Special Summoning " Lemon Magician Girl " (800/600) in Attack Position ("Chaos MAX Dragon": 4000 → 2000). The attack is redirected to "Lemon Magician Girl" and as it was attacked, Yugi activates its effect, which is the same as that of "Apple Magician Girl". [28] [17]  Yugi chooses the latter effect, Special Summoning " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in Attack Position ("Chaos MAX Dragon": 2000 → 1000). The attack is redirected to "Dark Magician Girl" and "Chaos MAX Dragon" is destroyed (Kaiba: 7500 → 6500).
 As a Level 8 or higher Dragon-Type monster on the field was destroyed, Kaiba Special Summons " Deep-Eyes White Dragon " (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. As it was Normal or Special Summoned, the effect of "Deep-Eyes" activates, inflicting 600 damage to the opponent for each Dragon-Type monster in Kaiba's Graveyard (Yugi: 4000 → 2200). The ATK of "Deep-Eyes" becomes equal to that of 1 Dragon-Type monster in Kaiba's Graveyard. [28] [17]  He chooses "Chaos MAX Dragon" ("Deep-Eyes": 0 → 4000). "Deep-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Lemon Magician Girl". As a Spellcaster-Type monster he controls was attacked, Yugi activates his face-down " Magicians' Defense ", halving the battle damage (Yugi: 2200 → 600) and ending the  Battle Phase . [28] [17]  Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Yugi 
Yugi activates " Magical Contract Door ", letting him  add  a  Spell Card  in his hand to his opponent's hand to add a monster from his Deck to his hand. [28] [17]  He adds " Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition ". He Tributes "Apple Magician Girl" and "Dark Magician Girl" to  Tribute Summon  "Gandora X" (0/0) in Attack Position. Yugi activates the effect of "Gandora-X", letting him destroy all other monsters on the field once per turn and inflict damage to the opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster with the highest ATK, then increasing the ATK of "Gandora-X" by that value. [28] [17]  "Deep-Eyes" is destroyed (Kaiba: 6500 → 2500). As "Deep-Eyes" was destroyed, its effect activates, destroying all monsters Yugi controls. [28] [17]  "Gandora-X" is destroyed.
 Kaiba activates his face-down " High Speed Aria ", letting him send a  Normal Spell Card  from his hand to the Graveyard to activate the effect of that Spell Card and preventing Kaiba from activating Spell Cards during his next turn. [28] [17]  He sends the " Monster Reborn " Yugi gave him with "Magical Contract Door", intending to Special Summon "Deep-Eyes" from the Graveyard. As the highest Level monster on the field was  sent  to the Graveyard this  turn  from both sides of the field, Yugi activates his face-down " Final Geas ",  banishing  all monsters from both Graveyards, then letting Yugi Special Summon the Spellcaster-Type monster with the highest Level among those banished cards to his field. [28] [17]  Yugi Special Summons "Dark Magician" (2500/2100) in Attack Position. As Kaiba has no monsters in his Graveyard, "High Speed Aria"  resolves  with no effect. [28] [17]  "Dark Magician" attacks directly (Kaiba: 2500 → 100). The Duel is interrupted before Kaiba's  LP  counter can reach 0.
 
 Yugi Muto & Seto Kaiba vs. Dark Aigami 
 This Duel uses  Dimension Summoning . Both  Normal Summons  and  Special Summons  may be conducted as Dimension Summons instead, allowing players to Summon any  monster  without  Tribute , by using their own Spirit to determine its  ATK  and  DEF  values, though their maximum  original values  will be the printed values. Neither player receives  battle damage  from  battles  involving Dimension Summoned monsters, but will take damage equal to their ATK or DEF when they are  destroyed , depending on their  battle position .
 As every monster Dimension Summoned by both players was Summoned with its maximum values, that will be not be noted below.
 Turn 1: Dark Aigami 
 Aigami   Dimension Summons  " Crimson Nova The Dark Cubic Lord " (3000/0) from his  hand  in  Attack Position  and  Sets  two cards. During the  End Phase , the  effect  of "Crimson Nova"  activates , inflicting 3000  damage  to every player (Aigami, Kaiba, and Yugi: 8000 → 5000).
 Turn 2: Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba  Dimension Summons " Pandemic Dragon " (2500/1000) in Attack Position. He activates its effect,  paying  500  LP  (Kaiba: 5000 → 4500) to decrease the  ATK  of Aigami's monster by 500. However, "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord" is  unaffected  by the effects of monsters with 3000 or less ATK. Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Yugi Muto 
 Yugi  Dimension Summons " Silver Gadget " (1500/1000) in Attack Position. As it was  Normal  or Special Summoned, its effect activates, letting Yugi Special Summon a  Level  4  Machine - Type  monster from his hand. He Dimension Summons " Gold Gadget  (1700/800) in Attack Position. Yugi Sets two cards. 
 Turn 4: Dark Aigami 
"Crimson Nova" attacks, but Yugi activates his  face-down  " Metalhold the Moving Blockade ", letting him  target  any number of Level 4 Machine-Type monsters he controls and Special Summon "Metalhold"  as a monster  (0/0) in Attack Position, then  equip  those monsters to it to increase its ATK by the combined ATK of the equipped monsters. "Silver Gadget" and "Gold Gadget" are equipped to "Metalhold" (0 → 3200). "Metalhold" prevents other monsters from being targeted for attacks, so the attack is redirected to "Metalhold". As a monster he controls would be  destroyed by battle , Aigami activates his face-down " Cubic Defense ", preventing its destruction and letting him Special Summon two monsters from his hand with the same name. He Special Summons two more "Crimson Novas" (3000/0) in Attack Position. The second "Crimson Nova" attacks and destroys "Pandemic Dragon" (Kaiba: 4500 → 2000). As it was destroyed, the effect of "Pandemic Dragon" activates, reducing the ATK of all monsters on the field by 1000, but the "Crimson Novas" are unaffected as "Pandemic Dragon" had less than 3000 ATK ("Metalhold": 3200 → 2200). The third "Crimson Nova" attacks and destroys "Metalhold" (Yugi: 5000 → 2800). 
 As two of his "Crimson Novas" destroyed monsters by battle this turn, they may both attack again via their effects. They attack  directly , but Yugi activates his face-down  Continuous Trap Card  " Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light ", letting him pay 1000  LP  to  negate  an attack. He pays 2000 to negate both attacks (Yugi: 2800 → 800). Aigami activates his face-down " Unification of the Cubic Lords ", letting him  Fusion Summon  a " Cubic "  Fusion Monster  using monsters from his hand and field as  Materials . He fuses his three "Crimson Novas" to Fusion Summon " Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord " (4500/3000) in Attack Position. "Crimson Nova Trinity" attacks Yugi directly, with its effect activating as it attacked, halving his opponent's LP (Yugi: 800 → 400; Kaiba: 2000 → 1000). As an opponent's monster  declared  a direct attack with a monster whose ATK is greater than or equal to his LP, Kaiba activates his face-down " Krystal Avatar ", Special Summoning it as a monster with ATK equal to his LP (1000/0), then changing the attack target to it. "Krystal Avatar" is destroyed (Kaiba: 1000 → 0). The effect of "Krystal Avatar" activates as it was destroyed by battle, inflicting its ATK as damage to the opponent. (Aigami: 5000 → 4000). Aigami activates the effect of "Crimson Nova Trinity" to inflict damage to Yugi equal to the damage he took, but Yugi activates the effect of " Clear Kuriboh ",  sending  it from his hand to the Graveyard to reduce the damage to 0. Since it destroyed a monster by battle this turn, the effect of "Crimson Nova Trinity" lets it attack again. "Crimson Nova Trinity" attacks directly, with its effect activating, halving Yugi's LP (Yugi: 400 → 200). The attack continues, but Yugi activates the effect of the "Clear Kuriboh" in his Graveyard as an opponent's monster is attacking directly, banishing it from his Graveyard to  draw a card . If it is a monster, he can Special Summon it, then the opponent's monster will be forced to attack it.
 At this point, Yugi cannot continue, but  Atem  returns to the world and takes over.
 Atem  draws " Palladium Oracle Mahad ", then Special Summons it (2500/2100) in Attack Position via the effect of "Clear Kuriboh", redirecting the attack to it. "Crimson Nova Trinity" attacks "Mahad", with the effect of "Mahad" activating as it battling a  DARK  monster, doubling its ATK (2500 → 5000). "Crimson Nova Trinity" is destroyed (Aigami: 4000 → 0).
 
 Appearances 
 Debuts are in bold.
 
 
 Characters 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mani 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto 
 Téa Gardner 
 Sanpei 
 Policeman 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Mr. Karita 
 Aigami 
 Atem 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Scud 
 Duke Devlin 
 Shopping mall mother 
 Shopping mall daughter 
 Mr. Clown 
 Sera 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Roland 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Yami Bakura 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Slave merchant 
 Dark Diva 
 Locations 
 
 KaibaCorp space station 
 Kul Elna 
 Mortuary Temple 
 Domino City 
 Kame Game 
 Domino Way 
 Domino High School 
 Domino City shopping mall 
 Devlin's cafe 
 Domino City Plaza 
 Kaiba Land 
 KC Stadium 
 Plana Realm 
 KaibaCorp earthport 
 Pharaoh's palace 
 Events 
 
 Millennium Puzzle excavation 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 Aigami's purges 
 Aigami and Scud's conflict 
 Seto Kaiba and Virtual Yami Yugi's Duel 
 Seto Kaiba and Aigami's Duel 
 Millennium Ring trials 
 Duel Disk exhibition 
 Yugi Muto and Aigami's Duel 
 Yugi Muto and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 Yugi Muto, Seto Kaiba and Dark Diva's Duel 
 Items 
 
 Millennium Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Scales 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Millennium Rod 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Disk v2 
 Kaiba's Duel Disk 
 Quantum Cube Duel Disk 
 Duel Disk v3 
 Duel Monsters 
 Tablet of the Pharaoh's Memories 
 Air Muscle 
 Quantum Cube 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon jet 
 Duralumin case 
 Millennium Puzzle box 
 Solid Vision 
 Organizations 
 
 KaibaCorp 
 KaibaCorp black suits 
 Valley of the Kings work crew 
 KaibaCorp researchers 
 Earthport operators 
 KaibaCorp special forces 
 Bakura fanclub 
 Scud's gang 
 Aigami's friends 
 Exodia Airlines  (mentioned) 
 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in the film. Cards in italics made their debut here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian [Notes 1] 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apple Magician Girl 
 Celtic Guard of Noble Arms [Notes 1] 
 Clear Kuriboh 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition 
 Gold Gadget 
 Lemon Magician Girl 
 Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Marshmacaron  x3 
 Palladium Oracle Mahad 
 Sentry Soldier of Stone 
 Silent Swordsman LV5 [Notes 2] 
 Silver Gadget Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Contract Door 
 Magical Dimension [Notes 1] 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Dark Horizon 
 Dig of Destiny 
 Dimension Guardian 
 Dimension Mirage 
 Dimension Sphinx 
 Final Geas 
 Magic Cylinder [Notes 1] 
 Magicians' Defense 
 Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 Metamorphortress 
 Mirror Force [Notes 1] 
 Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light 
 Warrior's Devotion 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Saggi the Dark Clown [Notes 3] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Wyvern 
 Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Kaiser Vorse Raider 
 Krystal Dragon  x2 
 Lord of D. [Notes 4] 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Pandemic Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Form 
 Dragon's Fighting Spirit 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Counter Gate 
 Dark Sacrifice 
 Dragon's Orb 
 Enhanced Counter 
 High Speed Aria 
 Induced Explosion 
 Krystal Avatar 
 
 Aigami Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast 
 Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord  x3 
 Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast 
 Geira Guile the Cubic King 
 Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 Vijam the Cubic Seed  x3 
 Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cubic Karma 
 Cubic Wave 
 Traps 
 Cubic Ascension 
 Cubic Defense 
 Cubic Mandala 
 Cubic Rebirth 
 Unification of the Cubic Lords 
 
 Virtual Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Celtic Guard of Noble Arms 
 Dark Magician Girl Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Magic Veil 
 Magical Dimension 
 Thousand Knives 
 Traps 
 Dimension Reflector 
 Time Chain 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Silent Magician LV5 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Monster Reborn 
 Cast 
 
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 Dan Green 
 
 Yugi Mutou
 
 Shunsuke Kazama [29] 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 Seto Kaiba
 
 Kenjiro Tsuda [29] 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi
 
 Hiroki Takahashi [12] 
 
 
 Tristan Taylor 
 
 Greg Abbey 
 
 Hiroto Honda
 
 Hidehiro Kikuchi [12] [13] 
 
 
 Téa Gardner 
 
 Amy Birnbaum
 
 Anzu Mazaki
 
 Maki Saito [12] [13] 
 
 
 Bakura Ryou 
 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 Ryo Bakura
 
 Rica Matsumoto [12] [13] 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 Tara Sands [30] 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba
 
 Junko Takeuchi [12] [13] 
 
 
 Duke Devlin 
 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 Ryuji Otogi [31] 
 
 Ryō Naitō
 
 
 Aigami 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards [32] 
 
 Aigami
 
 Kento Hayashi [33] 
 
 
 Sera 
 
 Laurie Hymes [34] 
 
 Sera
 
 Kana Hanazawa [35] 
 
 
 Mani 
 
 Tamir Cousins [36] 
 
 Mani
 
 Satoshi Hino [35] 
 
 
 Scud 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson [37] 
 
 Kudaragi
 
 Kendo Kobayashi
 
 
 Bakura's father 
 
 Marc Thompson
 
 Bakura's father
 
 Kazuhiro Yamaji
 
 
 Solomon Muto 
 
 Wayne Grayson
 
 Sugoroku Mutou
 
 Tadashi Miyazawa
 
 
 Shadi Shin 
 
 Wayne Grayson
 
 Shadi Shin
 
 Nozomu Sasaki
 
 
 Sanpei 
 
 Ted Kong Yang [38] 
 
 Sanpei
 
 
 
 
 Policeman 
 
 Tyler Schmauch [38] 
 
 Policeman
 
 
 
 
 Bakura fangirl 
 
 Brooke Stocken [38] 
 
 Bakura fanclub C [39] 
 
 
 
 
 Lab technician A 
 
 Lindsay Victoria Granduke [38] 
 
 Watanabe [40] 
 
 
 
 
 Lab technician B 
 
 Bethany Cardinal [38] 
 
 Toyoda [40] 
 
 
 
 
 Engineer 
 
 Luis Alfonso [38] 
 
 Tanada [40] 
 
 
 
 Music 
 The following tracks were featured in the English dub of the film:
 
 " I'm Back " 
 " One Card Short " (plays during the mall scene) 
 " Duel Madness " (plays when Kaiba arrives at the base of his space station) 
 " We'll Be There " (Plays over the credit montage) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme: The Dark Side of Dimensions " (A more rock-like version of the theme) 
 Production 
 Development 
 An early version of the script, featured a scene, where Téa grew impatient with Yugi, who was obsessing over cards. The scene was eventually cut.  Kazuki Takahashi  later published an illustration of it on his Instagram. [41] 
 
 Promotion 
 The film was announced in the West before it was in Japan. 4K Media revealed the film's existence on the official  Yu-Gi-Oh!  website. They teased that the movie was already in development in Japan and that they were shopping for a distributor in all non-Asian territories. [42] [14] 
 In Japan, the Mainichi Shimbun newspaper's MAiDiGiTV streamed a video teasing the film, alongside a recap of the history of the near-twenty year franchise. Here, it was revealed that the film would feature  Yugi Muto  and  Seto Kaiba  as its main protagonists. [14] 
 Shueisha's  Weekly Shōnen Jump  also unveiled a synopsis of the movie: "In the past,  Dark Yugi  and  Kaiba  have clashed many times! Dark Yugi, who resides in Yugi Muto's body, and Kaiba will have a Duel that bets their prides and accepts each other's mutual experience." [14] 
 The forty-seventh issue of  Weekly Shonen Jump  unveiled two new monsters that will be played by Yugi, " Lemon Magician Girl " and " Apple Magician Girl ", and specified that " Dark Magician Girl " will also be appearing. " Clear Kuriboh " was also revealed, but its name was not announced. [12] [43] 
 
 Design 
           The main characters;  Yugi ,  Kaiba ,  Joey ,  Téa ,  Tristan ,  Bakura ,  Mokuba ,  Aigami ,  Sera  and  Mani     
 A number of the characters and elements are given redesigns by Kazuki Takahashi, as well as new ones being introduced.
 Characters 
 
 Yugi Muto : He was drawn to look more mature and to show he inherited  Dark Yugi 's strength. [44] 
 Seto Kaiba : His expressions are closer to the more sinister look that he had when he was first introduced. [45] 
 Joey Wheeler : Joey's expression reflects the maturity he gained from his battles in the original story. As a favorite of Takahashi, he paid particular attention to giving him a nice face. [46] 
 Tristan Taylor : Tristan has a much calmer expression. [47] 
 Téa Gardner : Téa continued her career as a dancer after the original story. Takahashi considered this to be Téa at her cutest. [48] 
 Bakura Ryou : Takahashi considered Bakura to be the most mysterious and consequently the least changed out of the major characters. [49]  He, however, now has a smoother haircut and a long-sleeved shirt underneath his T-shirt. 
 Cards 
 
 " Dark Magician ": "Dark Magician" looks similar to it did in  Duel Art . Originally, "Dark Magician" was more blue and purple than black. This was because in manga, a completely black character weighs the page down and can be difficult to deal with, but this is not a concern in movies. [50] 
 " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ": When designing monsters, Takahashi felt adding a lot of lines can make them look cool at the cost of quality, and that simple designs are most beautiful. However, as he was dealing with animation, lighting and other effects would bring out the differences, so he designed this " Blue-Eyes " with a style not used before. [51] 
 Items 
 
 Duel Disk : The new-and-improved Duel Disk, developed by  Kaiba Corporation , creates  Solid Vision  holograms from the user's imagination. [52]  Upon closer observation, there doesn't appear to be a hole to serve as the Graveyard. 
 References and Easter Eggs 
 Joey  mentions the pro dueling circuit that was introduced in  Yu-Gi-Oh GX . 
 Rex Raptor  and  Weevil Underwood  make a cameo appearance. 
 Yugi 's new Duel Disk resembles the version that appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL . It also includes a headpiece similar to the Duel Gazer. 
 Kaiba 's virtual Duel Disk blade is identical to the ones featured in  Yu-Gi-Oh VRAINS  (Even though Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS did not exist at the time). It also possesses a ZEXAL-era headpiece. 
 When  Atem  finally appears, he draws a card from his Deck and plays it without looking. Atem did this several times in the manga and anime, most notably in his Duel against  Yami   Marik . 
 Atem appears to perform a  Shining Draw , a concept first named in the  Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL  anime. 
 Atem Summons  Mahad , a character from the Memory World arc, to the field as a  Duel Monster . 
 This is the first time  Shadi 's death has been depicted onscreen. In the manga and anime,  Yami   Bakura  implies that Shadi had died before Shadi had met  Marik . 
 In the English dub of the movie, it confirms that the Egyptian God Cards vanished with Atem. The Japanese version confirms that they were lost under the ground of the Mortuary Temple, which is why Kaiba draws Obelisk from the ground. 
 Obelisk the Tormentor  is depicted in his Millenium World design, implying that he is a real monster, not a hologram. 
 Each time a Duel begins, the players start off with 8000 Life Points (like in real-world and video game duels) as opposed to the anime-standard 4000 Life Points. 
 Modern Duel terminology, such as  banishing , is used. 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Unlike with  4Kids Entertainment 's dub of the  anime , the film is visually uncensored. Some dialogue is altered and some mild censorship remains (such as removing profanity and sexually suggestive threats), but many plot and characterization elements are left intact, including character deaths on-screen and as backstory. 
 In the dub, Bakura mentions losing someone the day he got the  Millennium Ring . This seems to suggest  his father  was killed by the Millennium Ring, which create a continuity error with the manga, since Bakura's father is mentioned during the Duelist Kingdom and Pharaoh's Memory arcs. 
 Although implied,  Aigami  never outright states that he had altered the memories of Yugi and his classmates. 
 Joey helps to rescue himself by remembering his friends, including  Atem , and it is implied that he gets rescued by  Atem  rather than it being directly stated. 
 Shadi  is slightly more heroic, letting Bakura's father wear the Ring with reservations. 
 Aigami tried to erase Joey's memories/body and everyone's memories of him rather than kill him via disintegration. (This follows the philosophy of "what is a person without their memories? Nobody.") 
 Most of the cards in the dub have their TCG/OCG lores instead of their movie original lores. 
 In the original Japanese version, what is known is that  Dark Diva  is  Diva  being driven insane by the ring's power. However, the dub also implies that Diva is being controlled by  Yami Bakura , despite  Zorc  being permanently erased during the shadow RPG. (Interestingly, he sports  Bakura's hair  in both versions.) 
 In the dub, Kaiba tells Yugi "I told you so" when the Pharaoh returned, even ominously suggesting they would Duel again in the future. 
 In the dub, the music heard during the scene where Sera talks to Yugi about the Plana is the same music heard in the opening sequence of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light . 
 In the dub, an operatic rendition of Atem's theme plays as Yugi transforms. In the original, this scene is silent. 
 Trivia 
           Kaiba's cards on the poster.     
 A poster for the film shows virtual projections of cards held by Kaiba, including three cards with the artwork of " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ", but with the names, "BLUEEYESWDRG", "OBRZK of GIANT[...]" and "BLUEEYESAL[...]", seemingly referencing " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", " Obelisk the Tormentor " ("Giant God Soldier of Obelisk") and "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" respectively. 
 Kaiba is absent from the graduation scene, although he was still in Yugi's class during the Battle City arc of the manga. It is unclear if Kaiba graduated early, left high school to devote his energies to Kaibacorp, or simply chose not to attend graduation. 
 This film marks the first appearance of Kaiba's Blue-Eyes White jet in the manga continuity. In the manga, Kaiba's personal jet was a modified F-4 Phantom that had been salvaged from Kaibacorp's time as an arms manufacturer. 
 This film marks the first time that the Life Point gauge is 8000 rather than 4000 in a 1v1. 
 There are a handful of details showing that Yugi has gained confidence from his time with Atem and is no longer the pushover that he once was.
 Tea and Yugi appear to officially be in a romantic relationship. At the very least, Tea is attracted enough to openly flirt with Yugi. 
 Yugi's posture and physique have improved. 
 Yugi is the valedictorian. Since he was a poor student in the early manga, his grades must have improved dramatically. 
 Yugi openly challenges (and threatens) Kaiba in front of a crowd. 
 Aigami/Diva seems to suffer misplaced monomania, which is an obsession with one thing. Despite knowing that the  Millennium Ring  was a source of great evil, he blamed Bakura instead for the evil committed by  Yami Bakura . 
 As this movie takes place in the manga continuity, Kaiba was not present when Yugi beat the Pharaoh.
 Additionally, he does not retain his disbelief in magic, having learned of the "second Yugi". 
 Though Kaiba accepts magic exists, he appears to believe technology is superior, being able to use his new Duel Disk technology to counter the  Quantum Cube . 
 The inside of a Duel Disk is seen for the first time, as Tristan was fixing Joey's.
 When the top half is removed, it shows that there is no way cards can fit into the Graveyard slot; a card could only fit half-way in before hitting the cover. 
 Whenever a card's information is displayed through digital readouts during a Duel in the Japanese version of the film, English text using the TCG names are used despite the characters and cards themselves calling them by their OCG names. 
 Though Kaiba's Life Points stopping at 100 when the power shut down implies that he avoided defeat, based on the cards he had been shown to have, the only card he had facedown had to be " Polymerization ", which would mean that Kaiba had indeed lost the Duel to Yugi. 
 Yugi's use of " Final Geas " to render Kaiba's use of " Monster Reborn " ineffective is a reference to how Yugi countered Atem's final play by having " Gold Sarcophagus " negate the effect of "Monster Reborn" and stop the Special Summon of " Slifer the Sky Dragon ".
 Similar to that, the monster that was to be summoned by "Monster Reborn" was a monster that had an original attack of 0 but was raised to 4000. 
 This same play ultimately resulted in Yugi using a Spellcaster monster to launch a finishing direct attack towards the opponent as well. 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Promotional website The redesigned incarnations of " Dark Magician " and " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " Japanese poster English poster (back) Japanese poster (second version) Logo in the Japanese teaser trailer Korean Public Information Korean poster 
 Trailers 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Official Teaser Trailer (2016 Movie) HD Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Official US Trailer 1 (2016 Movie) HD Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Official US Trailer 3 (2017 Movie) English Yu-Gi-Oh! THE DARK SIDE OF DIMENSIONS - SNEAK PEEK CLIP "I'm sorry I kept you waiting." Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Side of Dimensions - Sneak Peek 劇場版『遊☆戯☆王 THE DARK SIDE OF DIMENSIONS』超特報 NEW! Yugioh The Dark Side of Dimensions Trailer 5 (Blue-Eyes Chaos Max Dragon) 遊☆戯☆王 2016 Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V Ending 5 Vision 
 External links 
 yugioh20th.com  Official Japanese site 
 yugioh.com/movie  Official English site 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!: The Dark Side of Dimensions  on Wikipedia 
 References 
 Summary sources 
 Tachishini (April 23, 2016).  " Yu-Gi-Oh! The Darkside of Dimensions " . Tumblr .  http://tachishini.tumblr.com/post/143242399662/yu-gi-oh-the-darkside-of-dimensions . 
 Duerustandby (April 23, 2016).  "SPOILERS: YUGIOH THE DARK SIDE OF DIMENSIONS, PART 1" . Tumblr .  https://duerustandby.tumblr.com/post/143262932566/spoilers-yugioh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-part . 
 Duerustandby (April 23, 2016).  "SPOILERS: YUGIOH THE DARK SIDE OF DIMENSIONS, PART 2" . Tumblr .  https://duerustandby.tumblr.com/post/143263312671/spoilers-yugioh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-part . 
 Duerustandby (April 23, 2016).  "SPOILERS: YUGIOH THE DARK SIDE OF DIMENSIONS, PART 3" . Tumblr .  https://duerustandby.tumblr.com/post/143263557681/spoilers-yugioh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-part . 
 caffeinatedpokedex (April 23, 2016).  " Yu-Gi-Oh! The Darkside of Dimensions " . Tumblr .  http://caffeinatedpokedex.tumblr.com/post/143251496064/okay-please-bare-in-mind-that-i-watched-this-in . 
 Slifer's Den (May 1, 2016).  " Yu-Gi-Oh! The Darkside of Dimensions Summary With Images/Sketches " . Tumblr .  http://sliferthewhydidigeta.tumblr.com/post/143702764826/yugioh-the-darkside-of-dimensions-summary-wit . 
 Inline citations 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   "Movie News (Theater Date, Etc.)" . YGOrganization. November 3, 2015 .  http://ygorganization.com/movie-news-theater-date-etc/ . 
 
 ↑   "KOFIC Movie Information" . Korean Film Council .  http://www.kobis.or.kr/kobis/business/mast/mvie/searchMovieList.do?dtTp=movie&dtCd=20163981 . 
 
 ↑   "Movie News (Theater Date, Etc.)" . YGOrganization. November 3, 2015 .  http://ygorganization.com/movie-news-theater-date-etc/ . 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh!: The Dark Side of Dimensions Mulai Tayang Hari Ini" . KAORI Nusantara. November 9, 2016 .  https://www.kaorinusantara.or.id/newsline/63530/yu-gi-oh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-mulai-tayang-hari-ini . 
 
 ↑   "Movie News (Theater Date, Etc.)" . YGOrganization. November 3, 2015 .  http://ygorganization.com/movie-news-theater-date-etc/ . 
 
 ↑   "UPDATE: Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions release date" . yugioh.com. November 14, 2016 .  http://www.yugioh.com/news/updateyu-gi-oh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-now-hits-theaters-in-the-us-on-january-27th-2017 . 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   ""Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions" Movie Sets Up International Theatrical Dates" . Crunchyroll. November 30, 2016 .  http://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2016/11/29-1/yu-gi-oh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-movie-sets-up-international-theatrical-dates . 
 
 ↑   ""Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions" Kinoliste Deutschland" . 12 March, 2017 .  https://www.ksmfilm.de/download/PR/YGODSOD_Kinoliste-Mar.pdf . 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   "Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack" .  http://www.yugioh-card.com .  http://www.yugioh-card.com/en/products/bp-mvp1.html . 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   "[Movie 2016] The First Trailer" . YGOrganization. July 18, 2015 .  http://ygorganization.com/movie-2016-the-first-trailer/ . 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   "Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Official Teaser Trailer (2016 Movie) [HD]" . yugioh.com. July 18, 2015 .  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWdh-fujOb8 . 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   12.2   12.3   12.4   12.5   12.6   V Jump  magazine. September 2015.  Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "vjumpsept2015" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   13.2   13.3   13.4   "Yu-Gi-Oh!: The Dark Side of Dimensions Film Reveals Designs, Cast for Returning Characters" . Anime News Network. October 16, 2015 .  http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2015-10-15/yu-gi-oh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-film-reveals-designs-cast-for-returning-characters/.94256 . 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   14.2   14.3   "2016 Yu-Gi-Oh! Film Teaser Recaps 20 Years of Manga, Anime" . Anime News Network. December 23, 2014 .  http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2014-12-22/2016-yu-gi-oh-film-teaser-recaps-20-years-of-manga-anime/.82496 . 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh!: The Dark Side of Dimensions Film Slated for Next Spring in Japan, Late 2016 Internationally" . Anime News Network. July 12, 2015 .  http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2015-07-11/yu-gi-oh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions-film-slated-for-next-spring-in-japan-late-2016-internationally/.90355 . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 188. 
 
 ↑  17.00   17.01   17.02   17.03   17.04   17.05   17.06   17.07   17.08   17.09   17.10   17.11   17.12   17.13   17.14   17.15   17.16   17.17   17.18   17.19   17.20   17.21   17.22   17.23   17.24   17.25   17.26   17.27   17.28   17.29   17.30   17.31   17.32   17.33   17.34   17.35   17.36   17.37   17.38   17.39   17.40   17.41   17.42   17.43   17.44   17.45   17.46   17.47   17.48   17.49   17.50   17.51   "Dark Side of Dimensions Anime Card Effects, Japanese Card Text Translations" . YGOrganization.com .  https://ygorganization.com/kuwabaralikesstackingthings/ . 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   18.2   18.3   18.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 189. 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   19.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 190. 
 
 ↑  20.0   20.1   20.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 191. 
 
 ↑  21.0   21.1   21.2   21.3   21.4   21.5   21.6   21.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 192. 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 193. 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   23.2   23.3   23.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 194. 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   24.2   24.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 195. 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   25.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 196. 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   26.2   26.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 197. 
 
 ↑  27.0   27.1   27.2   27.3   27.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 198. 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   28.2   28.3   28.4   28.5   28.6   28.7   28.8   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory , page 199. 
 
 ↑  29.0   29.1   "Yugi and Kaiba’s original Japanese voice actors to return for new Yu-Gi-Oh! 2016 movie" . SGCafe. April 13, 2015 .  http://sgcafe.com/2015/04/yugi-kaibas-original-japanese-voice-actors-return-new-yu-gi-oh-2016-movie/ . 
 
 ↑   Eric Stuart (August 27, 2016).  "Happy to announce that @TaraSandsLA is reprising her role as my bro #Mokuba in the new #Yugioh movie @Anime" . Twitter .  https://twitter.com/eric_stuart/status/769612893360881665/photo/1 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 22.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   https://twitter.com/Jackydan513/status/798973451608289280 
 
 ↑   "News: Movie guest cast, casting of Kento Hayashi decided!" . yugioh20th.com. November 19, 2015 .  http://www.yugioh20th.com/news/detail.html#post-0ea3 . 
 
 ↑   https://ravegrl.wordpress.com/2017/01/27/new-voice-actors-in-yugioh-the-dark-side-of-dimensions/ 
 
 ↑  35.0   35.1   "Movie guest cast, Kana Hanazawa and Satoshi Hino decided!" . yugioh20th.com. December 8, 2015 .  http://toei.lekumo.biz/yugioh/2015/12/post-6fcf.html . 
 
 ↑   https://www.facebook.com/tamir.cousinsali/posts/1282703915101436 
 
 ↑   https://mobile.twitter.com/KAWAISHIZUKA/status/818826683818057728 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   38.2   38.3   38.4   38.5   "Yu-Gi-Oh! Voiceover Contest Winners" . yugioh.com. November 15, 2016 .  http://www.yugioh.com/news/yu-gi-oh-voiceover-contest-winners . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory ; page 163 
 
 ↑  40.0   40.1   40.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Anime Complete Guide: Millennium Memory ; page 166 
 
 ↑   Kazuki Takahashi (July 1, 2016).  "In the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  movie during the initial stages of the script..." . Instagram .  https://www.instagram.com/p/BHTgTxgD_aN . 
 
 ↑   "4K Media Announces Yu-Gi-Oh! Movie Now In Development" . yugioh.com. July 17, 2015 .  http://www.yugioh.com/news/4k-media-announces-yu-gi-oh-movie-now-in-development . 
 
 ↑   "Darkside of Dimensions - The Dark Magician Girls" . YGOrganization .  http://ygorganization.com/magimagimagiciangirlwillnevercome/ . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 17.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 18.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 22.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 22.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 22.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 24.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 20.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 21.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). " Yu-Gi-Oh!  Movie Super Special Report" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 18.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   This card can be seen when he reconstructs his  Deck  at the  Kame Game . 
 
 ↑   This card is  sent  from his  hand  to the  Graveyard  via " Warrior's Devotion " during his Duel with  Aigami . 
 
 ↑   This card is  sent  from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  via the  effect  of " Dark Sacrifice " during his Duel with  Virtual Dark Yugi . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his opening  hand  during his Duel against  Aigami . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 characters 
 bunkōban 
 volumes 
 Subseries 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Duelist 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Millennium World 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Spin-offs 
 R 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 GX 
 chapters 
 5D's 
 chapters 
 ZEXAL 
 chapters 
 D Team 
 ARC-V 
 chapters 
 The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 chapters 
 SEVENS 
 chapters 
 Luke! Legend of Exploding Military Rule!! 
 
 Anime 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 characters 
 cards 
 episodes 
 VHS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  ( Duel Monsters ) 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 DVD 
 Capsule Monsters 
 episodes 
 Films 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Pyramid of Light 
 VS. GX   (canceled) 
 Bonds Beyond Time 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Spin-offs 
 GX 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5D's 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ZEXAL 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ARC-V 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 VRAINS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 
 Storylines 
 Manga 
 School 
 Death-T 
 Monster World 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Battle City 
 Tournament Finals 
 King's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 TRANSCEND GAME 
 Anime 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Domino City Battles 
 Battle City (part 1) 
 Virtual World 
 Battle City (part 2) 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Grand Championship 
 Pharaoh's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Plot elements 
 Millennium Items 
 Egyptian Gods 
 Wicked Gods 
 Orichalcos 
 Legendary Dragons 
 Games 
 Bandai's Official Card Game 
 Konami's  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 
 Official Card Game 
 Trading Card Game 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Digital Pets 
 Dragon Cards 
 Monster World 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Capsule Monsters Video games 
 Others 
 Earth 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Solid Vision 
 Dueling Arena 
 KaibaCorp 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Millennium_Shrine_excavation.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160309213506', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Yugi_and_friends_discuss_their_futures.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430235426', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Aigami_materializes_the_cube.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430235412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/Dark_Yugi_church.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160501001455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_food_vendor_scene.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151213203017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Cloud_Plateau.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160501002345', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/Aigami_and_Kaiba_Dueling.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160508001348', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/Kaiba_punch.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160508001349', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Space_station_elevator.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170206223606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Kaiba_observing_the_near-complete_puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160501002939', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/Ryo_Bakura_gets_the_Millennium_Ring.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170205153751', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Jonouchi_in_the_dissolving_dimension.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430235423', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Kaiba_and_Yugi_at_the_crossing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160508001353', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Sera_comments_on_resolving_the_puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160501004807', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Yugi_VS_Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424205155', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yugi_VS_Kaiba_-_DSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424204259', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/DSOS_-_Puzzle_re-complete.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160508002457', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Monster_Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160722195318', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Yugi%27s_graduation_speech.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170206223552', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/DSOD_characters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/400?cb=20160501142703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/Movie_poster_-_Kaiba%27s_projected_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151217233042', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_2016.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150413093801', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/TheDarkSideofDimensionsRedesigns.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/172?cb=20150713230153', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/YuGiOhTheDarksideofDimensionsPoster-JP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/130?cb=20150713031630', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/YuGiOhTheDarksideofDimensionsPoster-EN-Back.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/131?cb=20151212052359', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/YuGiOhTheDarksideofDimensionsOtherPoster-JP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/131?cb=20151211205336', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/B1aeeb44.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150719081549', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/DarksidePublicInfo-KR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/132?cb=20160612043106', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/YuGiOhTheDarksideofDimensionsPoster-KR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/130?cb=20160611233028', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_The_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_Official_Teaser_Trailer_%282016_Movie%29_HD/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150719083738', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_The_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_Official_US_Trailer_1_%282016_Movie%29_HD/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20160314165529', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_The_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_Official_US_Trailer_3_%282017_Movie%29_English/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20170108151522', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_THE_DARK_SIDE_OF_DIMENSIONS_-_SNEAK_PEEK_CLIP_%22I%27m_sorry_I_kept_you_waiting.%22/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20170108151710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_-_Sneak_Peek/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20170108152027', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/%E5%8A%87%E5%A0%B4%E7%89%88%E3%80%8E%E9%81%8A%E2%98%86%E6%88%AF%E2%98%86%E7%8E%8B_THE_DARK_SIDE_OF_DIMENSIONS%E3%80%8F%E8%B6%85%E7%89%B9%E5%A0%B1/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150719083703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/NEW%21_Yugioh_The_Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_Trailer_5_%28Blue-Eyes_Chaos_Max_Dragon%29_%E9%81%8A%E2%98%86%E6%88%AF%E2%98%86%E7%8E%8B_2016/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20160420214002', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_Arc-V_Ending_5_Vision/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20160519113422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Movies