Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_032


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 032 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 カイザー ＶＳ カミューラ　 幻魔 の 扉 発動 ！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kaizā Vāsasu Kamyūra Genma no Tobira Hatsudō! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Kaiser VS Camula - Phantom Demon's Gate Is Activated! 
 
 
 English 
 Field of Screams, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 032 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 11, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 2, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tea Sun In 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " 
 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Field of Screams, Part 2 ", known as " Kaiser VS Camula - Phantom Demon's Gate is Activated! " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on May 11, 2005 and in the United States on February 2, 2006.
 In an effort to end  Camula 's crusade,  Zane Truesdale  steps forward to Duel her. He dominates the early Duel, but is soon faced with a decision in which he is forced to balance the worth of his own soul against that of  his brother 's.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Zane Truesdale vs. Camula 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 The remaining  Spirit Key  holders gather at the infirmary, where  Jaden Yuki  is still injured. Despite this, he insists that he'll be the next one to challenge  Camula .  Chazz Princeton  tells him he'd be useless, as he's still weak from his  Duel  with  Nightshroud . He eventually agrees to sit out, while Chazz and  Bastion Misawa  argue over who will face Camula.  Zane Truesdale  does not participate in the conversation, and leaves, intent on Dueling Camula himself, in an effort to save  Dr. Crowler 's soul. One of Camula's bats is nearby, and she can sense Zane's imminent arrival through it. Chazz attempts to rebuild his Deck, while he is pestered by  Ojama Yellow , who soon realizes that the doll with Crowler's soul sealed in it is able to communicate with them. Camula's bats gather outside, flying about, and the Spirit Key holders journey back to  Camula's castle ,  Syrus Truesdale  and  Chumley Huffington  accompanying them, the latter carrying Jaden on his back. As they reach the main room, Camula appears, and Jaden, Bastion and Chazz all attempt to challenge her. She declines them all, and challenges Zane, beginning to flirt with him at the same time, and he accepts.
 Camula reiterates that both the Spirit Key and their souls are at stake, and the two activate their  Duel Disks  to start the Duel. Camula goes first, placing " Vampire Lady " in  Defense Position  and  Setting  a card to end her turn. Zane immediately plays " Power Bond ", fusing the three " Cyber Dragons " in his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Cyber End Dragon " in  Attack Position , whose  original attack points  are doubled via "Power Bond". Syrus is concerned that Zane played "Power Bond" so early. Camula reminds Zane of that card's risk - he was take damage equal to "Cyber End Dragon's" original attack points during his  End Phase . Unperturbed, Zane attacks, but Camula  activates  her face-down " Red Ghost Moon ",  discarding  " Zombie Werewolf " to add "Cyber End's" attack points to her own  Life Points  and instantly end Zane's  Battle Phase . Zane plays the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " De-Fusion ", returning "Cyber End" to the  Fusion Deck  and  Special Summoning  his three "Cyber Dragons" from his Graveyard in Attack Position. This cancels the effect of "Red Ghost Moon", and also prevents him from taking damage from "Power Bond". Zane Sets the last card remaining in his hand to end his turn. Camula  Tributes  "Vampire Lady" to Summon " Vampire Lord " and then  removes  it from play to Special Summon " Vampire Genesis " in Attack Position.
 
       " Illusion Gate ", the card that turns the Duel on its head.     
 Camula attacks, and Zane activates his face-down " Attack Reflector Unit ", Tributing a "Cyber Dragon" to Special Summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon " from his  Deck  in Attack Position. With its effect, Zane is able to  negate  the first attack his opponent performs each turn, so long as "Barrier Dragon" is in Attack Position. Zane begins his turn, playing " Pot of Greed " to  draw  two more cards. He then plays " Photon Generator Unit ", Tributing his remaining two "Cyber Dragons" to Special Summon " Cyber Laser Dragon " from his Deck in Attack Position. With its effect, it may destroy one monster that has a higher original ATK or DEF higher than its own ATK. This destroys "Vampire Genesis, and Zane attacks  directly  with both of his monsters, reducing Camula to 800 Life Points. Zane Sets a card to end his turn. Camula is furious, and activates " Illusion Gate ", the eye on her  Shadow Charm  glowing red as she does so. She explains that this card first destroys all monsters on her opponent's side of the field. Camula then appears to split into two, with each the copies taking turns explaining the rest of the effect. It may Special Summon any monster that's been used during the Duel thus far,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . However, it comes at a high price - Camula must offer a own soul to the  Sacred Beasts  in exchange for its activation, should she lose the Duel. One of the copies flies at Syrus, biting his neck and carrying him back up the Dueling platform. Camula Summons "Cyber End Dragon" in Attack Position. Should it be destroyed, Syrus' soul will be forfeit.
 
       Zane Truesdale 's soul after being sealed in  Camula 's doll.     
 Zane has " Call of the Haunted " face-down, and contemplates activating it. This would let him Special Summon "Cyber Barrier Dragon" and negate the attack of "Cyber End", and give him an opportunity to take his next turn, and perhaps draw something that could help him win. Syrus urges him to do so, and sacrifice his soul in order to prevent that Sacred Beasts' revival. Zane tells him that he's improved greatly as a Duelist since he came to  Duel Academy , and that he can't let that potential go to waste. Zane does nothing, and Camula attacks directly with "Cyber End Dragon", winning the Duel. Zane's Spirit Key falls, and he goes to his knees, his eyes going blank as his soul is transferred into another one of Camula's dolls. Camula vanishes, the doll in hand, promising to love it as part of her collection. Jaden is furious, and chides Camula for turning Dueling from something fun to a game with lives in the balance. He vows to be her next opponent, and defeat her to recover the souls of Crowler and Zane.
 
 Featured Duel: Zane Truesdale vs. Camula 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Camula 
Camula draws. She then  Normal Summons  " Vampire Lady " (1550/1550) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Zane 
Zane draws " Power Bond " and subsequently activates it to fuse the three " Cyber Dragons " in his  hand  together and  Fusion Summon  " Cyber End Dragon " (4000/2800) in  Attack Position , Due to the effect of "Power Bond", "Cyber End Dragon" gains ATK equal to its  original ATK  ("Cyber End Dragon": 4000 → 8000/2800), but if "Cyber End Dragon" is still on Zane's side of the field, "Power Bond" will inflict damage to him equal to the original ATK of "Cyber End Dragon". 
 "Cyber End Dragon" attacks "Vampire Lady", but Camula activates her face-down " Red Ghost Moon " to gain  Life Points  equal to the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" and end Zane's Battle Phase by discarding " Zombie Werewolf ". Zane then activates " De-Fusion " to send "Cyber End Dragon" to the Graveyard and  Special Summon  his three "Cyber Dragons" (2100/1600 each) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Since "Cyber End Dragon" has been removed from the field, the effect of "Red Ghost Moon" is negated as it has lost its original target. Zane Sets a card. On the End Phase, Zane takes no damage from the last effect of "Power Bond" as "Cyber End Dragon" is no longer on the field.
 Turn 3: Camula 
Camula draws "Vampire Genesis". She then  Tributes  "Vampire Lady" in order to Tribute Summon " Vampire Lord " (2000/1500) in Attack Position. Camula then  removes  "Vampire Lord" from play in order to Special Summon " Vampire Genesis " (3000/2100) in Attack Position. "Vampire Genesis" attacks a "Cyber Dragon", but Zane activates his face-down " Attack Reflector Unit " to Tribute one of his "Cyber Dragons" and Special Summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon " (800/2800) from his Deck in Attack Position. A  replay  occurs and Camula uses "Vampire Genesis" to attack "Cyber Barrier Dragon", but Zane activates the effect of "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to  negate  the attack.
 Turn 4: Zane 
Zane draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to  draw  two cards. He then activates " Photon Generator Unit " to Tribute his two "Cyber Dragons" and Special Summon " Cyber Laser Dragon " from his Deck (2400/1800) in Attack Position. Zane then activates "Cyber Laser Dragon's" effect to destroy "Vampire Genesis" as its ATK is greater than the ATK of "Cyber Laser Dragon". "Cyber Laser Dragon" and "Cyber Barrier Dragon" then attack directly (Camula 4000 → 1600 → 800). Zane then Sets a card ("Call of the Haunted").
 Turn 5: Camula 
Camula draws " Illusion Gate " and subsequently activates it by using her  Shadow Charm  to offer the soul of Zane's brother,  Syrus . Should she lose the  Duel , the offered soul will be taken. The effect of "Illusion Gate" then destroys all monsters on Zane's side of the  field  and Special Summons "Cyber End Dragon" (4000/2800) from Zane's Graveyard to her side of the field in Attack Position,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . "Cyber End Dragon" attacks directly. Zane contemplates on using his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to Special Summon "Cyber Barrier Dragon" and activate its effect to negate the attack, but realizes that he can only save Syrus' soul by losing. He does not respond to the attack and the attack continues (Zane 4000 → 0).
 
 Trivia 
 In reality " Illusion Gate " requires a payment of 90 percent of life points. 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version,  Daitokuji  hides under the bed in the infirmary as the others talk about  Camula , and tells them to inform her that he is absent today should she come for him. In the English version, Banner makes a pun involving the word "catatonic", and chases  Pharaoh  under the bed, who appeared to think the joke applied to him.
 In the Japanese version,  Sho  expresses concern that  his brother  played " Power Bond " on his first turn, and thinks that he seems different today then when he usually Duels. In the English version, Syrus believes Zane is just "using the card" rather than "playing it", which references the terms used in  episode 8 .
 In the Japanese version, Camula complements Ryo on his tactic of using " De-Fusion ", but states it doesn't change the fact that he's lost  his trump card . In the English version, she instead tells him she promised him some fun, and that " Vampire Genesis " is what she was talking about.
 In the Japanese version, when Camula's spirit kidnaps Sho, she bites his neck in order to take control of him. This is edited out of the English version.
 In the English version, Syrus states that his mother always told him that he "got the looks", while he believes that Zane got "just about everything else". This is not present in the Japanese version.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Barrier Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Laser Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Photon Generator Unit 
 Pot of Greed 
 Power Bond 
 Traps 
 Attack Reflector Unit 
 Call of the Haunted 
 
 Camula Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Despair from the Dark [Notes 1] 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Lady 
 Vampire Lord 
 Zombie Werewolf  x2 [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Illusion Gate 
 Traps 
 Red Ghost Moon 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in her  hand  just before " Illusion Gate " Summons " Cyber End Dragon ". 
 
 ↑   The second copy can be seen her  hand  just before " Illusion Gate " Summons " Cyber End Dragon ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Series032.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120819003536', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/IllusionGate-EN-Anime-GX.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20110614232708', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Kaiserdoll.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20120819003913', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes