Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gagaga


 
 Gagaga 
 ガガガ  ( Gagaga ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Gagaga Caesar ", " Gagaga Girl " and " Gagaga Clerk " in the artwork of " Gagagadraw " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 我我我 
 
 
 French 
 Gagaga 
 
 
 German 
 Gagaga 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gagaga 
 
 
 Korean 
 가가가   Gagaga   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Gagaga 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Gagaga 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Generation Force Order of Chaos Galactic Overlord Return of the Duelist Abyss Rising Cosmo Blazer Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy Shadow Specters Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Volume 9 promotional card 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Zexal Collection Tin Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants Number Hunters Star Pack 2014 Premium Gold World Superstars 2014 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Duel Power Structure Deck: Order of the Spellcasters Legendary Duelists: Magical Hero Legendary Duelists: Season 3 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Pack: Yuma Starter Deck 2013 Premium Pack 16 Primal Origin The New Challengers 20th Anniversary Duelist Box Structure Deck R: Lord of Magician Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 6 Legendary Gold Box Structure Deck: Overlay Universe 
 
 
 
 
 China-Only Sets 
 
 
 Special Promotional Pack 2015 Volume 1 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.9 Extra Pack: Knights of Order Extra Pack 2015 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gagaga " (ガガガ  Gagaga ) is an  archetype  of  DARK   Spellcaster  and  EARTH   Warrior   monsters  used by the protagonist of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime and  manga ,  Yuma Tsukumo .
 
       The "Gagaga" crest     
 Their name, "Gagaga" is from either the pronunciation for the Chinese character they use as a crest, which can be pronounced "ga" in Japanese, or the Japanese manga sound effect "ga" which is used for physical impacts, similar to the English "pow" used in comics. This could be because the "Gagaga" monsters use physical attacks in the anime and manga. All "Gagaga" monsters bear a crest of the Chinese character for the first person pronoun (我) which can be pronounced "wa" or "ga" in Japanese. The crest cannot always be seen on the individual card's artwork though, but can be seen in the anime and manga, usually on the monsters' backs. The male members of the archetype cover the lower part of their faces with scarves, except " Gagaga Child ".
 The "Gagaga" Spellcasters, " Gagaga Magician " and " Gagaga Girl ", bear a striking similar appearance to " Dark Magician " and " Dark Magician Girl " respectively, monsters used by  Yugi Muto  in the original  anime  and  manga . Both "Gagaga" Spellcasters are 3  Levels  lower and have 1000 less  ATK  than their "Dark Magician" counterparts. They are also all  DARK  monsters, and are often used by Yuma and Yugi in their Duels. The "Gagaga" Spellcasters also share a " senpai and kohai " relationship, similar to how the "Dark Magicians" shared a master and apprentice relationship.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Playing style 
 2   Weaknesses 
 3   Recommended cards 
 
 3.1   From "Gogogo" & "Dododo" Deck recipes sample 
 
 
 
 
 Playing style 
 Despite being weak in terms of ATK and DEF, the effects of the "Gagaga" monsters  allow them to change their  Levels  very easily, resulting in quick and easy  Xyz Summons . The effect of "Gagaga Magician" allows him to change his Level from 1 through 8 and the effect of "Gagaga Girl" allows her to copy his Level. This allows them to easily Xyz Summon any generic, Spellcaster specific, or  DARK   Xyz Monster  of  Ranks  1 through 8. " Gagaga Caesar " also helps in this by using his effect to  banish  a monster in the  Graveyard  to change the Levels of all face-up "Gagaga" monsters you control to the banished monster's Level. This allows them to Xyz Summon any Xyz Monsters above Rank 8.
 The greatest additions to the deck are " Gagaga Child " and " Gagaga Sister ". "Child" is capable of Special Summoning itself from the hand if one controls another "Gagaga" monster, fixing a lack of multiple summons for the Deck, and then copy its Level at the cost of the turn's Battle Phase, but this cost is mitigated by the strong monsters it can summon if used in conjunction with "Gagaga Magician". Monsters like " Evilswarm Exciton Knight ", " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ", " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer ", " Maestroke the Symphony Djinn ", " Number 11: Big Eye ", " Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand ", to name a few, are more disruptive than offensive or have a battle related cost themselves, so they can be Summoned with relatively small consequences. 
"Sister" can  Search  a "Gagaga" Spell or Trap Card when she is Normal Summoned. Examples include " Gagagashield " or " Gagagarush ". Her true potential, however, lies on searching cards like " Gagaga Academy Emergency Network " and " Gagagarevenge ", which can be used to Special Summon other "Gagaga" monsters, mainly "Magician" to use her own effect that targets another "Gagaga" monster, and makes the Level of that monster and herself the sum of both, those granting access to very powerful monsters up to Rank 10, even without "Magician". Since the other "Gagaga" monsters are Level 3 or 4, this equals to Rank 5 or 6 plays, which can be equally devastating.
 Also, a lesser known but still effective tactic is to use the "Gagagas" for a  Synchro Summon . Only "Gagaga Magician" and "Gagaga Caesar" cannot be used for a Synchro Summon, as stated in their text, but the rest of the archetype  can  be used, as they don't have the same restrictions. With their Level altering abilities and cleaver usage of their support, they can be used to Synchro Summon a variety of  Synchro Monsters  with ease, making the archetype flexible with other strategies. Even though they cannot be used for the summoning, manipulating "Magician" and "Caeser" abilities, which will in turn manipulate other "Gagagas", can help fine-tune their Levels to perform a desired Synchro Summoning. While their true strength lies in Xyz Summoning, they are still useful with Synchro Summoning as an alternate strategy.
 
 Weaknesses 
 "Gagaga" monsters however suffer from lack of speed. A good way to mitigate this is to combine " Dododo " monsters in the deck such as " Dododo Warrior " which has a high level and is easily used along " Dododo Witch " and " Dododo Driver " which can perform good combinations, with cards such as " Onomatopaira " that can search key monsters such as "Gagaga Sister" or "Gagaga Magician" (the former is useful if one discards a Magician and searches a Sister to search a "Gagagarevenge" to Special Summon Magician), or cards like " Dodododraw " to draw 2 cards further increasing advantage. " Gagaga Mancer " can also speed up the summoning power by reviving another "Gagaga" monster, though at the cost of not being able to summon any other monsters except "Gagaga" monsters. They also lack raw power for their Levels/Ranks, as the strongest monster of the archetype is the 2100 ATK " Gagaga Head " in terms of printed power (though " Gagaga Cowboy " can have 2500 ATK, but only when in Attack Position and during your turn), which makes them vulnerable to stronger attackers. While "Gagaga Girl's" and "Gagaga Mancer's" abilities, along with " Gagagatag ", can help mitigate that problem, they will still be left at a disadvantage compared to stronger monsters with the same Levels/Ranks.
 
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gagaga Caesar 
 Gagaga Child 
 Gagaga Clerk 
 Gagaga Gardna 
 Gagaga Girl 
 Gagaga Head 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Gagaga Mancer 
 Gagaga Sister 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Magical Undertaker 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Sorcerer of Dark Magic 
 Summoner Monk 
 Tragoedia 
 Utopic Onomatopoeia 
 Zubababancho Gagagacoat Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Gagaga Samurai 
 Gagagaga Magician 
 Adreus, Keeper of Armageddon 
 Alchemic Magician 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Gauntlet Launcher 
 Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack 
 Norito the Moral Leader 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number F0: Utopic Future 
 Photon Strike Bounzer 
 Shining Elf 
 Tiras, Keeper of Genesis Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gagagaback 
 Gagagabolt 
 Gagagadraw 
 Gagagarevenge 
 Gagagawind 
 Bound Wand 
 Magical Dimension 
 One-Shot Wand 
 Onomatopia 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Tannhauser Gate 
 Wonder Wand 
 Traps 
 Gagagaguard 
 Gagagarush 
 Gagagashield 
 Guard Go! 
 Magician's Circle 
 Xyz Reborn 
 From  "Gogogo" & "Dododo" Deck recipes sample 
 
 Dododo & Gagaga attack (2013) ドドド＆ガガガアタック Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dododo Swordsman  x3 
 Dododo Witch  x3 
 Swordsman of Revealing Light  x3 
 Gagaga Gardna  x3 
 Gagaga Magician  x3 
 Goblindbergh 
 Photon Thrasher  x2 
 Summoner Monk  x2 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand  x2 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Heroic Champion - Excalibur  x2 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Maestroke the Symphony Djinn 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray V 
 Lavalval Chain 
 Comics Hero King Arthur 
 Photon Papilloperative 
 Blade Armor Ninja Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Reborn 
 Heavy Storm 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Dark Hole 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Gagagarevenge 
 Trade-In  x3 
 Magnum Shield  x2 
 Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force 
 Traps 
 Burst Rebirth 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Call of the Haunted 
   
" Gagaga " 「ガガガ」 Members 
 Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Child Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Cowboy Gagaga Gardna Gagaga Girl Gagaga Head Gagaga Magician Gagaga Mancer Gagaga Samurai Gagaga Sister Gagagaga Magician Utopic Onomatopoeia Zubababancho Gagagacoat 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagashield Gagagatag Gagagawind 
 Support 
 Dodododwarf Gogogoglove Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Child Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Girl Gagaga Head Gagaga Mancer Gagaga Samurai Gagaga Sister Utopic Onomatopoeia Zubababancho Gagagacoat 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagatag Gagagawind Guard Go! Onomatopaira Onomatopia Onomatopickup 
 
 v e 
" Gagaga " 「ガガガ」 a   Members 
 Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Child Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Cowboy Gagaga Gardna Gagaga Girl Gagaga Guardian Gagaga Magician Gagaga Mancer Gagaga Mirror Slash Gagaga Samurai Gagaga Thunder Gagaga x Gagaga Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagamirage Gagagamirror Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagashield Gagagatag Gagagawind 
 Support 
 Gagaga Child Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Girl Gagaga Mancer Gagaga Mirror Slash Gagaga Samurai Gagaga Thunder Gagaga x Gagaga Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagamirage Gagagamirror Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagatag Gagagawind Guard Go! 
 
 v e 
" Gagaga " 「ガガガ」 m   Members 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network Gagaga Barrier Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Cowboy Gagaga Escape Gagaga Gardna Gagaga Girl Gagaga Girl Gagaga Head Gagaga Illusion Gagaga Magician Gagaga Magician Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagashield Gagagawind 
 Support 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network Gagaga Barrier Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Escape Gagaga Girl Gagaga Head Gagaga Illusion Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagawind 
 Related 
 Astral Magician 
 
 v e 
" Gagaga " 「ガガガ」 dtz   Members 
 Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Cowboy Gagaga Gardna Gagaga Girl Gagaga Magician Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagashield Gagagawind 
 Support 
 Gagaga Caesar Gagaga Clerk Gagaga Girl Gagagaback Gagagabolt Gagagadraw Gagagaguard Gagagarevenge Gagagarush Gagagawind 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Gagagadraw-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150205032048', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0b/Gagaga_crest.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20120119230433']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)