Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Egyptian_God_Cards


 
 Egyptian God 
 三幻神 「 さんげんしん 」  ( Sangenshin ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Slifer ", " Ra " and " Obelisk " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Legendary God 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Dieux Egyptiens 
 
 
 German 
 Ägyptische Götter(-karten) 
 
 
 Italian 
 Divinità Egizie 
 
 
 Korean 
 삼환신   Samhwanshin   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Deus Egípcio 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Dios Egipcio 
 
 
 Other names 
 Legendary God 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Pack: Battle City Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Theater distribution cards 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie Ani-Manga promotional card Shonen Jump May 2005 subscription bonus Shonen Jump Vol. 8, Issue 1 promotional card Legendary Collection Shonen Jump Vol. 9, Issue 1 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! The Official Magazine Issue 2 promotional card Gold Series 4: Pyramids Edition Order of Chaos: Special Edition Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha July 2012 membership promotional card Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants Legendary Collection: Gameboard Edition Premium Gold Dragons of Legend Yugi's Legendary Decks Millennium Pack Dragons of Legend: Unleashed 2016 Mega-Tins Legendary Decks II WSJ Jump Pack Spring 2017 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack: Gold Edition Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Blu-ray & DVD promotional card Circuit Break Special Edition WSJ Jump Pack Spring 2018 promotional card 2019 Gold Sarcophagus Tin Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack Secret Edition Legendary Duelists: Rage of Ra Speed Duel: Battle City Box Egyptian God Deck: Slifer the Sky Dragon Egyptian God Deck: Obelisk the Tormentor King's Court Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist: Yugi Deck promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist: Kaiba Deck promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist: Jonouchi Deck promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International: Worldwide Edition promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 promotional cards V Jump February 2009 promotional card V Jump February 2010 promotional card Movie Pack Vol.2 Duel Art Campaign Promo Card V Jump February 2012 promotional card Legendary Binder Gold Series 2014 Memories of the Duel King: Duelist Kingdom Arc Collectors Pack: Duelist of Legend Version Memories of the Duel King: Battle City Arc Memories of the Duel King: Ceremonial Battle Arc Duelist Road -Piece of Memory- Side: Yami Yugi Millennium Box Gold Edition Millennium Pack (OCG) Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Yokohama Event distribution card V Jump July 2016 promotional card Rarity Collection 20th Anniversary Edition 20th Anniversary Duel Set (Obelisk the Tormentor) 20th Anniversary Duel Set (Slifer the Sky Dragon) Prismatic God Box 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Egyptian God Cards , also known in Japanese as the  Three Legendary Gods  ( 三 幻 神 ,  Sangenshin ), are a series of cards in  Yu-Gi-Oh!  that serve as a focal point in the series'  manga , the  second series anime , and numerous video games. However, they have very distinct differences in the TCG/OCG, compared to their anime/manga portrayals.
 The three Egyptian God Cards are:
 
 " Slifer the Sky Dragon " (「オシリスの 天 空 竜 」  Oshirisu no Tenkūryū  -  Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 " Obelisk the Tormentor " (「オベリスクの 巨 神 兵 」  Oberisuku no Kyoshinhei  -  Giant God-Soldier of Obelisk) 
 " The Winged Dragon of Ra " (「ラーの 翼 神 竜 」  Rā no Yokushinryū  - Winged God-Dragon of Ra) 
 Although support for all 3 God cards exist in the TCG/OCG, most of the support is focused specifically on "Ra", with the other two Gods getting much more minor levels of support in comparison, however said support has boosted their summoning speed and general effectiveness significantly.
 Several other cards, such as " Embodiment of Apophis ", " Mystical Beast of Serket ", " Ma'at ", the " Horus the Black Flame Dragon " archetype, " Sebek's Blessing ", " Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys ", " The End of Anubis ", the " Hieratic " archetype, " The Creator ", the various "Anubis" cards and the " New Order " archetype, are either based on or named after, alternatively both, real Egyptian deities. However, they are not a part of the Egyptian God series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Series history 
 2   Anime/Manga Abilities 
 
 2.1   Individual anime/manga abilities 
 
 
 3   Naming 
 4   TCG / OCG  cards 
 
 4.1   Illegal prints 
 4.2   Legal prints 
 
 
 5   "Egyptian God" Deck 
 
 5.1   Weaknesses 
 5.2   Recommended cards 
 5.3   Egyptian God + "Archfiend" Deck (December 13, 2017) 
 
 
 6   V-Jump  magazine 
 7   Video games 
 8   Trivia 
 9   References 
 
 
 Series history 
 The "Egyptian Gods" are one-of-a-kind all-powerful cards created by  Maximillion Pegasus , who modeled them after three Ancient Egypt divine beasts whose likenesses surround the  Millennium Puzzle  on the stone tablet said to hold the memories of the  nameless Pharaoh . When Pegasus decided to make them into cards, everyone involved in the project was attacked by the spirits of the "Egyptian God" monsters, so Pegasus decided to create the cards on his own, under the protection of his  Millennium Eye . When Pegasus finished the art-work on the prototypes, he had a nightmare about the Egyptian Gods attacking him.  Shadi  told Pegasus that he had angered the "Egyptian gods".  Pegasus  woke up injured after this "nightmare," so he decided that these cards were too powerful to be mass-produced, and had  Ishizu Ishtar  bury the prototypes in the Pharaoh's tomb. The wielder of these great cards is able to acquire the title of "Duel King," but in the wrong hands, they are capable of causing legitimate injury or even death. Using counterfeits of the "God" cards also proved to be deadly, as  Marik Ishtar  found out when his  Rare Hunters  were testing counterfeited copies of "The Winged Dragon of Ra", some ended up being crippled, some lost their minds, and some even died the moment the card was played. Marik came to the conclusion that the "Gods" respond to the strength of heart of the Duelists, of which none of the members of the experimental group had, and to this end, he gave  Odion  a copy of "Ra", reasoning that he would be able to control it due to his past as a servant of the  Tomb Keepers . Unfortunately, this proved to be incorrect, resulting in both Duelists being struck down.
 Marik was able to acquire "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and "Slifer the Sky Dragon", but Ishizu was able to protect "Obelisk the Tormentor". She gave the card to  Seto Kaiba , and requested that he host a Dueling tournament to lure Marik and his Rare Hunters to the city, bringing the other "God" cards with them. Kaiba, intent on claiming the cards for himself to secure his title as the strongest Duelist, agreed and hosted the  Battle City  tournament. During the tournament Marik revealed to  Yami Yugi  the "God" cards and that the  Millennium Puzzle  were needed to unlock his lost memories. Marik used "Slifer the Sky Dragon" against Yami Yugi through  Strings , but Yami Yugi was able to defeat "Slifer" and took it for himself in accordance with Battle City's ante rules. Kaiba reveled in the power of "Obelisk the Tormentor" after testing it against his own Deck, and he used it throughout the tournament against  Koji Nagumo  and several Rare Hunters, including  Lumis  and  Umbra .
 During the tournament quarterfinals, Yami Yugi used "Slifer" for the first time to defeat  Yami Bakura . Marik had placed a copy of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" in  Odion's  Deck without his knowledge, telling him that usage of the card against  Joey Wheeler  was needed to prove to those watching that Odion was Marik, as Marik was keeping his identity a secret. After Odion was struck down by "Ra's" rage for using a counterfeit of its card, Marik was taken over by  Yami Marik , who Dueled  Mai Valentine  in the next round. Mai successfully took "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from Yami Marik's Deck with " Amazon Chain Master " and Summoned it, but was unable to read the hieratic text on the card one needed to recite to control it. On his next turn, Yami Marik did so himself and took back control of "Ra" to win the Duel. In the final round of the quarter-finals, Kaiba faced Ishizu who had entered the tournament to save her brother and reclaim "Obelisk" from Kaiba. Using her  Millennium Necklace  to foresee Kaiba's moves, Ishizu allowed him to Summon "Obelisk" with the intent to destroy it with "Blast Held With a Tribute", but a vision from Yami Marik's  Millennium Rod  convinced Kaiba to win using his " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", thwarting Ishizu's strategy. In an unofficial fifth Duel later that night, Yami Bakura Dueled Yami Marik, and Bakura seized "The Winged Dragon of Ra" with a combination of " Dark Designator " and " Exchange ", and with the help of the spirit of the original Marik was able to Summon and control Ra. However, Yami Marik sapped "Ra's"  ATK  to 0 with " Joyful Doom " and when Bakura abandoned "Ra" later in the Duel, Yami Marik revived it with " Monster Reborn " and revealed its secret abilities  Instant Attack  and  Point-to-Point Transfer ) to win the Duel.
 The Egyptian God Cards did not appear during the Virtual World arc since  the Big Five  had the cards forbidden from their database that was used to choose a player's Deck.
 
         Yugi holding the 3 "Egyptian God" Cards at the end of the Battle City tournament     
 Marik and Joey Dueled in the semi-finals, and Yami Marik unveiled "Ra's" Phoenix Mode, burning Joey and wounding him so badly he fell unconscious and was unable to finish the Duel. In the next Duel, Kaiba and Yami Yugi faced each other and eventually both got their "God" cards on the field. After several turns of the two weakening and powering up the two cards, they equaled at 4000 ATK and destroyed each other, the clash triggering a vision of the Duel between  Priest Seto  and  Pharaoh Atem  in Ancient Egypt, and a vision of their two Gods petrified. Yami Yugi was eventually able to win the Duel with " Dark Paladin ", claiming "Obelisk". In the final Duel against Yami Marik, Yami Yugi used both "God" cards to battle him, but it was revealed "Ra" was stronger than both the other "God" cards and it destroyed "Slifer" with ease and eventually forced Yugi to sacrifice "Obelisk" to survive. Nonetheless, Yami Yugi eventually won by using " Ragnarok ". In the manga, Yugi used " Dimension Magic " to have two Magicians on the field, then the second effect of "Dimension Magic" makes Yugi combine the attacks of his two Magicians and destroy "Ra" in battle. As Yami Marik was fused with "Ra" at the time, this allowed Marik to regain control of his body from his dark half. Marik surrendered the Duel to Yugi, and gave him "Ra".
 In the  Waking the Dragons  season, Yami Yugi attempts to use the "God" cards to unlock the  Tablet of Lost Memories , but it is iced over by the power of  Dartz , preventing him from regaining his memories. The "God" cards are later stolen when  Solomon Muto  is caring for them by Dartz's underlings. "Obelisk" was briefly used by  Gurimo  against Yami Yugi and though it was successfully controlled by " The Seal of Orichalcos " the combination caused Gurimo to suffer discomfort. After Gurimo's defeat, the God cards were taken to Dartz's temple, where they were drained of their energy to fuel  the Great Leviathan . They are retrieved at the end of the season and empowered with the light of Dartz's captives to battle the Great Leviathan in physical form, defeating it decisively.
 In the  Memory World  arc, Yami Yugi uses the "God" cards to enter the world of the Pharaoh's memory. Here, acting as Atem in what is actually an RPG-type Shadow Game orchestrated by Yami Bakura, Yami Yugi battles  Thief King Bakura  and his  Diabound  with the "God" monsters one by one. "Slifer" is destroyed by Diabound, resulting in Diabound gaining its power, but "Ra" successfully destroys Diabound. However, as the Summoning of "Ra" was as a result of outside interference from Yugi, Yami Bakura used his ability as a player of the Shadow RPG to rewind time and prevent the Summoning of "Ra". Yami Yugi later Summons the Gods to battle  Zorc Necrophades , apparently defeating them, but Zorc petrifies the Gods, badly injuring the Pharaoh. Upon learning his name, Yami Yugi/Atem uses it to merge the "Gods" into " Holactie the Creator of Light ", destroying Zorc and winning the Shadow RPG. Afterwards Yami Yugi used the "God" cards again against Yugi Muto in the  Ceremonial Battle , Yugi destroying the cards by turning "Slifer's" effect against the "God" cards with " Magnet Force " (in the manga, Atem only Summoned Obelisk, but it was weakened, and Yugi's "Silent Swordsman" was strengthened, making both their ATK 2500, then, when Obelisk attacked, they were both destroyed). In the Duel's final move, Yami Yugi attempts to revive "Slifer" with "Monster Reborn", but Yugi had foreseen this and sealed "Monster Reborn" with " Gold Sarcophagus ", allowing him to win the Duel. The three "God" cards were then lost forever when the tomb collapsed, burying the seven  Millennium Items  along with the cards when Atem left for the afterlife.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , Kaiba pulls "Obelisk" out of the ground during his Duel against  Aigami , and used it to defeat him.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! R , the " Wicked Gods " are introduced, used by Pegasus's protégé  Yako Tenma ; Yako claimed them to be the twins of the three "Egyptian God" cards, and that Pegasus himself was too afraid to produce them, but Yako completed them based on Pegasus's designs. The "Egyptian Gods" themselves made only brief appearances in the series, with "Slifer" being destroyed by " The Wicked Avatar " in Dark Yugi's first Duel with Yako and later being used to offhandedly dispatch  Cedar Mill ;" "Ra" being briefly Summoned in the second Duel with Yako to destroy " The Wicked Dreadroot ," though ultimately, Yako negated the Summon; and "Obelisk" to clash with "Avatar" in the final Duel with Yako, matching its ATK and destroying them both after being made equal on the Divine Hierachy as " Obelisk The Progenitor ."
 
         The three "Gods" combined.     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light , the three "Gods" combine to form a monster with infinite strength. This allowed Yugi to destroy Anubis' " Theinen the Great Sphinx " with an ultimate attack, " Titan Firestorm ," and win the Duel. In the Japanese version of the second series anime, this is the equivalent of "Obelisk's" " Soul Energy Max " ability, which, as alluded to by  Seto Kaiba , was a "miracle of God's anger."
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , the dorms of  Duel Academy  are named for the "God" cards -  Slifer Red ,  Ra Yellow  and  Obelisk Blue . The series also introduces the  Sacred Beasts , dark and twisted versions of the "God" cards.
 Pegasus confirms the "God" cards are gone.  Presumably when Yami Yugi departed to the afterlife after his Duel with Yugi, he took the "God" cards with him. A copy of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" that  Industrial Illusions  created for testing purposes is stolen by a disgruntled card designer named  Franz , who later Duels  Jaden Yuki . The abilities of the card as far as immunity goes is not fully disclosed. There is a trend in  GX  for monsters of significant importance, to simply receive blanket immunity from all Spell, Trap and Monster Effects (e.g. " Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord "). This version of "Ra" was also able to activate its Point-to-Point Transfer and Egyptian God Phoenix abilities if it has been  Tribute Summon ed . Jaden is able to defeat Franz and the copy of "Ra" is returned to Pegasus. In the final episode when Jaden Duels Yugi, "Slifer" is summoned.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , the "God" cards are briefly mentioned in  episode 121  by  Taro , when he compared the power of " Zushin the Sleeping Giant " to that of the "Egyptian Gods".
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V ,  Duel Academy 's invasion soldiers are called " Obelisk Force ", and bear masks similar to the face of "Obelisk the Tormentor". It is unknown why they are named after "Obelisk" in this series, as no mention of the "God" card's existence has been made.
 
 Anime/Manga Abilities 
 All three "Egyptian God" Cards share similar effects, though the exact specifications differ slightly between the anime and the manga.
 In the anime:
 
 Only chosen Duelists linked to the ancient past may control a God card. [1] 
 However,  Gurimo  and  Franz  were able to control a God card under certain Field Spells (" The Seal of Orichalos  and " Mound of the Bound Creator ".  [2] [3] 
 Each card requires a  Tribute  of 3 monsters in order to be Normal Summoned/Set from your  hand  to the  field . [4] [5] [6] 
 Their Battle Position can be changed on the turn they were Normal Summoned. 
 If they are Special Summoned from the Graveyard or Banished area, they are returned to the Graveyard or Banished area at the end of the turn. 
 If they are Special Summoned in Defense Position when your opponent has attacked with a monster, you may switch the attack target to them. [7] [8] [9] 
 Control of the cards on the field cannot change. [10] 
 The opponent cannot equip cards to the God Cards. [11] 
 It is disputed between  Yami Marik  and  Yami Yugi  whether God cards may be Tributed by your opponent, but only remove it for the duration of the turn OR God cards cannot be Tributed by your opponent at all. However, neither claim was tested as Yami Yugi chose Marik’s " Egyptian God Slime " with " Soul Taker " [12] 
 They cannot be destroyed by card effects of non-God Cards. [13] 
 By the visions from the  Millennium Necklace ,  Ishizu Ishtar  would have been able to destroy "Obelisk" with the effect of " Sacrifice's Blast ". According to Ishizu, the card implanted a bomb inside one of the Tributes, so that when Obelisk was Summoned using that Tribute, he already had a bomb inside, before Obelisk is on the field. Thus, the Trap Card affected the Tributed monster and not Obelisk directly and the "bomb" created by her Trap had become part of "Obelisk", which is why the "bomb" can destroy "Obelisk" [14] 
 On the other hand, there are instances where card effects of God cards failed to destroy other God cards. [15] [16] 
 Inconsistency: The effect of " Ragnarok " was able to destroy "Ra" . [17] 
 All other card effects only affect them for the remainder of the turn they were activated. [18]  This includes the effect of " Monster Reborn ", which is why they return to the Graveyard during the End Phase of the turn they were  Special Summoned . [19]  An example was when Yugi's  Spellbinding Circle  and  Magical Cylinders  Trap Cards are used against Slifer, but "Spellbinding Circle" is destroyed during the End Phase. [20] 
 However, cards that affect the  Monster Zone  or the opponent would indirectly affect the God cards. [21] 
 Cards that are ancient powers that surpass the God cards like " The Seal of Orichalcos " and  Pyramid of Light " can affect the God cards permanently. [22] [23] 
 When Atem Special Summoned "Slifer" with the effect of " Summoning Clock ", it remained on the field after the turn had passed, which is inconsistent with the above effect. 
 Their effects are treated as both effects and attacks.
 This is shown when " Magnet Force " was able to redirect "Slifer's" effect, indicating that it is an effect (and that it targets). [24] , " Nightmare's Steelcage " was active did not trigger "Slifer's" effect when " Kuriboh " was summoned [25]  and "Ra's" " Egyptian God Phoenix " effect fulfills the requirement of  Surprise Attack from Beyond  to Special Summon monsters that attacked in that turn from the Graveyard. [26] 
 Their effects are much more clearly defined in the original manga.
 
 They require three  Tributes  due to being  Level 10  monsters (under the Duelist Kingdom rules, Kaiba was shown Summoning "Obelisk" without any Tributes, just like any other monster). 
 Their attacks do not trigger the  activation conditions  of a  Trap Card  that needs to be activated in response to an attack. 
 They are  unaffected  by most effects that would directly remove them from the side of the field of their controller, except for the abilities of a God with the same  Hierarchy  and the effect of " Dimension Magic " (since the  monster  destroyed by "Dimension Magic" counts as being destroyed by  battle  rather than by a card effect). 
 Any other card effects only affect them for one turn (which is why they return to the Graveyard after one turn if they were Special Summoned from there). 
 They possess a  Hierarchy  among themselves. This is explained as a pyramid, with " Ra " being at the top, and " Slifer " and " Obelisk " at the base (as equals). Because of this, the effects of "Slifer" and "Obelisk the Tormentor" do not work on "Ra". The effects of "Obelisk" and "Slifer" will work on each other, for one turn. The " Wicked Gods " belong to this same Hierachy. 
 The effects of "Obelisk" and "Slifer" are treated as both effects and attacks in the manga and anime.
 In the manga, both of their effects fail to destroy " The Sun Dragon Ra " due to Hierarchy, meaning that they count as effects. 
 In the anime, " Magnet Force " was able to redirect "Slifer's" effect, indicating that it is an effect (and that it targets). Furthermore, in the anime and manga, Summoning " Kuriboh " while " Nightmare's Steelcage " was active did not trigger "Slifer's" effect, indicating that it is an attack. 
 It is sometimes said that in addition to their  Divine-Beast   Type , "Obelisk" is a  Warrior , "Slifer" is a  Dragon , and "Ra" is a  Machine . The three are classified as these Types in various video games such as  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction . In the anime and manga, Yugi's " Buster Blader " gains 500 ATK due to "Slifer" being a Dragon-type, and "Obelisk" is used by  Gurimo , a Duelist who uses a Warrior Deck.
 Although in the manga and anime the god cards are immune to most Spells and Traps, and others are dampened to one turn effects, there are certain cards that have power to override this, affecting the Egyptian Gods for as long as they remain on the field. "Obelisk" gained a boost in ATK from both the " The Seal of Orichalcos " and " Divine Evolution " and their will can be bound by " Mound of the Bound Creator ".
 
 Individual anime/manga abilities 
 "Obelisk's" known special ability is:
 
 During either player's turn while it is in Attack Position, the player can Tribute two other monsters they control to activate one of these effects:
 Increase its ATK to ∞ as well as attack any number of monsters the player chooses, regardless of whose turn it is. After it has attacked, the ATK of "Obelisk" returns to its original value. 
 The anime and other media had another option, which was destroying all the opponent's monsters allowing "Obelisk" to attack directly instead of gaining ATK (this was apparently the explanation used when Kaiba activated the effect against Yami Yugi). This ability was also used in the manga continuity, when Kaiba Summoned "Obelisk" during his Duel against  Aigami . 
 "Slifer's" known special abilities are:
 
 The ATK and DEF is the number of cards held by the Duelist x 1000. 
 When an opponent Summons a monster, it attacks that monster immediately, reducing that monster's ATK or DEF by 2000, depending on if it is in Attack or Defense Position. If that monster's ATK or DEF is reduced to 0 as a result, it is destroyed. 
 "Ra's" known special abilities are:
 
 The ATK and DEF are equal to the combined respective ATK and DEF of all monsters Tributed to summon it. 
 When Special Summoned, this card is immune to any card effects and conditions that would prevent it from attacking. 
 When Special Summoned, the Duelist's option other than "Egyptian God Phoenix" mode is that the Duelist can pay all but 1 of their Life Points to increase the ATK & DEF of "Ra" by the same amount of Life Points paid. The Duelist can then choose to Tribute any other monsters they control to add their ATK & DEF to "Ra's" ATK & DEF. Also, it can attack all monsters the opponent controls, as well as attack directly afterwards.  Under these circumstances, "Ra" is treated as a Fusion Monster, and if targeted by " De-Fusion " its ATK drops to 0 while the Duelist's Life Points increase by an amount equal to what "Ra's" ATK had been, then if "Ra" attacked, its attack is negated. 
 The Duelist can Special Summon "Ra" as "Egyptian God Phoenix" where its attack cannot be negated, it cannot be destroyed by battle, you take 0 Battle Damage from battles involving it, and it is immune to all card effects. 
 When "Egyptian God Phoenix"  battles  with a monster, the Duelist can pay 1000 Life Points to destroy that monster at the start of the Damage Step. 
 Naming 
 The names of the "Egyptian God" Cards are derived from the names of items in  Egyptian mythology :
 
 " Slifer the Sky Dragon " - Original name derived from the name of  Osiris , the Egyptian God of Life, Death, and Fertility. The English name is an  inside joke , derived from the name of Roger Slifer, a producer of the English-language adaptation to the anime. 
 " Obelisk the Tormentor " - Derived from the term " obelisk ," a type of monument. 
 " The Winged Dragon of Ra " - Derived from the name of  Ra , the Egyptian God of the Sun. In the Filipino anime, Ra's name is changed to " Apollo ", the Greek equivalent of Ra. 
 In the English manga, they are all often simply referred to as "God," though their original names are still used.
 The names of the "Egyptian Gods" are the basis for the names of the dormitories of  Duel Academy  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ;  Slifer Red ,  Ra Yellow  and  Obelisk Blue . This also reflects how  Seto Kaiba  viewed the three "Egyptian god" cards; "Slifer" was owned by  Yugi Muto , his arch-rival, so it was only natural that he holds the card in such contempt. "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is in the middle, since it was owned by  Marik Ishtar , until Yugi won it from him in  Battle City ; Seto Kaiba was thus neutral to this card. Of course, with Obelisk Blue, it was plainly obvious why he based this dorm off of "Obelisk The Tormentor"; it was the first and only "Egyptian God" card he received, and indeed seen the power it holds, until Yugi won it from him in the  Battle City Finals .
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , the  Fusion Dimension   Duel Academy  has an elite squad of Duelists called the  Obelisk Force . These Duelists wear helmets based on the head of "Obelisk the Tormentor".
 
 TCG / OCG  cards 
 Illegal prints 
 The original prints of the Egyptian God Cards cannot be used in official tournaments due to their  limitation text  stating as such. They would otherwise also be illegal due to their backings, which would make them count as  marked cards .
 In Japan, they were released as a pre-order bonus for the Japanese Game Boy Color game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist , which released on December 7, 2000. They were reprinting as pack-in cards for the Game Boy Advance game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International — Worldwide Edition  (the Japanese version of the English-language  Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel ), which was released in Japan on April 17, 2003.
 " The Winged Dragon of Ra " was also included as a pack-in card with the  Xbox  game  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny , released in Japan on March 23, 2004; " Slifer the Sky Dragon " was also released as a pack-in card with the ani-manga of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light , published by  Viz Media  on November 23, 2004; " Obelisk the Tormentor " was also released as a  Shonen Jump  magazine subscriber promotional card in May 2005.
 The illegal prints were the only  DIVINE  monsters and the only  Divine-Beast -Type monsters, prior to receiving legal prints.
 The illegal prints of the Egyptian God cards once demanded high prices on the secondary market. This was prior to their current widespread availability. During this time, countless counterfeit copies were made and distributed primarily throughout East Asia.
 They were originally released as promotional cards just for collectors, but players attempts to use the cards in  Duels . In an FAQ, Konami stated that these cards could not be used in tournament play. [ citation needed ]  After this statement, official tournaments stopped allowing these cards. According to Shonen Jump, they are  Normal Monsters . [ citation needed ] 
 
 Legal prints 
 All three of the Egyptian God cards have received legal prints as  Effect Monsters . The legal "Obelisk" and "Slifer" possess effects virtually identical to their video game effects, while the legal version of "Ra" has its effects severely weakened (it cannot be  Special Summoned , does not gain ATK equal to the total ATK of the monsters Tributed for its Tribute Summon, and its  Point-to-Point Transfer  effect has the player pay LP until they have 100 remaining rather than 1).
 The only immunity of "Obelisk" was that it cannot be targeted by card effects, whereas the two other "God" Cards can be destroyed by anything.
 Introduced in  Duelist Pack: Battle City , " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode " circumvents some of the weaknesses that "Ra" has. "Sphere Mode" can be Normal Summoned by Tributing 3 monsters from either player's side of the field (being Summoned to the same side of the field as the Tributes), but will return to its owner's control at the end of the next turn. "Sphere Mode" cannot be attacked nor targeted by card effects. It can also be Tributed to Special Summon "Ra" from the hand or Deck and giving it 4000 ATK and DEF, thereby eliminating its main weaknesses (having no ATK or DEF points without paying excessive LP). "Sphere Mode" is also a  DIVINE   Divine-Beast -Type monster. Additionally, " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Immortal Phoenix ", which can be Summoned if "Ra" is destroyed, can Special Summon "Sphere Mode" during the End Phase, which can be used to Summon "Ra" again, similar to how Yami Marik could endlessly revive "Ra".
 
 Legal version of "Obelisk the Tormentor" Legal version of "Slifer the Sky Dragon" Legal version of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" 
 "Egyptian God" Deck 
 Usually, it's more practical to focus a Deck on a single Egyptian God, since they are all significantly different and lack synergy. However, in a Deck focusing on " Holactie the Creator of Light " it is necessary to use all three.
 These cards require 3 Tributes to Normal Summon, so the Deck focuses on stalling and swarming to prepare monsters to serve as these Tributes. However, including " Egyptian God Slime " and cards that can support it can allow the summoning of any of the Gods without losing field advantage. As for the Gods themselves, they prevent effects from being activated in response to their Normal Summon, and "Obelisk" cannot be targeted.
 
 Weaknesses 
 Even though the "Egyptian Gods" are powerful, they can be stopped by many cards. Non-targeting effects (like " Hammer Shot ") can easily destroy "Obelisk" (the only one who is immune to targeting card effects). Cards such as " Mask of Restrict " or " Ojama Trio " can make it impossible to Summon them, with the former preventing Tributes and the latter may limit the amount of tributable monsters to 2. You can use  Honest  so your attacking monster has sufficient ATK to destroy them. To deal with "Slifer" use card effects that force your opponent to discard cards from their hand. Last but not least, cards that negate their effects (like " Destiny HERO - Plasma ") can be devastating (although "Obelisk" retains his 4000 ATK, as would "Ra" that has been Special Summoned by the effect of " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode ").
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Holactie the Creator of Light 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra - Immortal Phoenix 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon Core 
 Nimble Momonga  (helps with Ra's effect) 
 The Tricky 
 Green Gadget 
 Red Gadget 
 Yellow Gadget 
 Blockman 
 Hardened Armed Dragon  (makes the "God Cards" almost invincible) 
 Spell Striker 
 Dandylion  (Traditional Format only) 
 Level Eater  (Traditional Format only) 
 Treeborn Frog 
 Jester Confit 
 Ra's Disciple 
 The Calculator Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 March of the Monarchs  (makes the "God Cards" almost invincible) 
 Advance Zone 
 Card Advance 
 Inferno Reckless Summon  (Special Summon more copies of the same card for Tributing) 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 The True Name  (combined with "Card Advance") 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Supremacy Berry  (helps with the activation of the effect of "Ra") 
 Scapegoat  (can also be used for the field clearing effect of "Obelisk") 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Machine Duplication  (use with "Cyber Dragon Core") 
 Double Summon  (With Ra's Disciple) 
 Foolish Burial 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 Soul Exchange 
 Tricky Spell 4 
 Traps 
 Proof of Powerlessness 
 Overwhelm 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 The First Monarch 
 Cloning 
 Embodiment of Apophis 
 "Egyptian Gods" can also be used in combination with " Frog " monsters or  Normal Monsters .
 See  Frog Monarch 
 
 Egyptian God + " Archfiend " Deck (December 13, 2017) 
 A Deck that makes use of “ Masterking Archfiend ” (that appeared in “LINK VRAINS PACK”)
 You can  Link Summon  “Perpetual King Archfiend” with the effects of cards like “ Phantom Skyblaster ” and “ Tour Guide from the Underworld ”.
 You can pay the activation cost of the effect of a “ Edge Imp Sabres ” in the GY to put a card on top of your Deck, and then add the card to your hand with the effects of cards like “The True Name” and “ Archfiend’s Oath ”.
 You can easily get “Edge Imp Sabres” to the GY via 2 ways:
• Special Summon it with the effect of “Tour Guide from the Underworld”, then send it to the GY via things such as using it as material for the Link Summon of “Perpetual King Archfiend”
• Or you can send it from the Deck to the GY with “Perpetual King Archfiend” by paying an 800 LP cost (to match its 800 DEF), with cards such as “ Psychic Blade ” or “ Brain Control ”.
 Level 6 monsters like “Archfiend Commander” can be used as materials to  Xyz Summon  “ Inzektor Exa-Beetle ”, whose effect can make “The Winged Dragon of Ra” an Equip Card, that you can send to the GY, allowing you to Special Summon “The Winged Dragon of Ra – Immortal Phoenix”.
 
 
 Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra - Immortal Phoenix 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Archfiend Commander  x3 
 Archfiend Giant 
 Trance Archfiend 
 Archfiend Heiress  x3 
 Tour Guide from the Underworld 
 Edge Imp Sabres  x2 
 Phantom Skyblaster  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Barox  x2 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict  x2 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gaia Dragon the Thunder Charger 
 Digital Bug Rhinosebus  x2 
 Inzektor Exa-Beetle  x3 
 The Phantom Knights of Break Sword 
 Link Monsters 
 Masterking Archfiend  x3 
 Linkuriboh Spells  (18) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Instant Fusion  x2 
 Chicken Game 
 Archfiend's Oath  x2 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Card Advance  x2 
 The True Name  x3 
 Monster Reborn 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Foolish Burial 
 Psychic Blade  x2 
 Brain Control  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Archfiend 
 That Six 
 Unending Nightmare 
 V-Jump  magazine 
 In the Febuary 2012 issue of the V-Jump Magazine, a Deck was posted on how to Summon all three of the "Egyptian Gods" as well as " Holactie the Creator of Light ". [27] 
 
 
 TRI GOD DECK Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force 0 - The Fool 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber Valley  x3 
 Dandylion 
 Giant Germ  x3 
 Glow-Up Bulb 
 Jester Confit 
 Marshmallon 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Sangan 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Spell Striker  x2 
 Spirit Reaper 
 Holactie the Creator of Light 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Treeborn Frog Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ally of Justice Catastor 
 Armory Arm 
 Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Formula Synchron 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 T.G. Hyper Librarian 
 Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 Gachi Gachi Gantetsu 
 Gem-Knight Pearl 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Steelswarm Roach Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burden of the Mighty  x2 
 Foolish Burial 
 Forbidden Lance  x2 
 Gold Sarcophagus  x2 
 Heavy Storm 
 Machine Duplication 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x2 
 Limit Reverse 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Ultimate Offering  x2 
 Zoma the Spirit  x2 
 Video games 
 The "Egyptian God" cards are directly obtainable in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul  the god cards can be attained by the player, but they cannot be used by the player.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 , they can be obtained only if the player has the original  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  UMD Disc.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 , they can be obtained only if the player has  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 1  and  2 .
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller , the game must be connected with  Nightmare Troubadour  in order to obtain them. Since it is possible to "trade" between  Nightmare Troubadour ,  Spirit Caller  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007  by buying cards from  Nightmare Troubadour , it is possible to have the "Egyptian God" cards in any of these games. Additionally, in  Spirit Caller , the player can see the "Egyptian God" Cards by unlocking  Yami Yugi .
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 , they can only be obtained via the Card Download function, like with " Thunder King Rai-Oh ".
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator , "Obelisk" is an Effect Monster, but "Slifer" and "Ra" are their own individual Monster Card types, unseen in the game's navigational menus. They are all Level 10, DIVINE Attribute, Divine-Beast-Type, and cannot be targeted by cards or effects. The Summon of an "Egyptian God" card cannot be negated, and cards cannot be activated in response to their Summon. Each "Egyptian God" card requires three Tributes to be Normal Summoned, and cannot be Set. If Special Summoned, they are destroyed during the End Phase.
 After the Egyptian God's official TCG/OCG release, video games such as " Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links " and " Yu-Gi-Oh! Master Duel " includes them as well.
 
 Trivia 
 In the original manga and the Japanese anime, the card text of the Egyptian Gods (except the Hieratic Text of " The Winged Dragon of Ra ") is written in English, likely due to the one-of-a-kind cards being created by an American. 
 In Malaysian dub of the anime, the God Cards are changed into "Kad Raja", (lit. "the King's Cards) due to the religious sensitivity of  shirk . 
 The card " Gravekeeper's Oracle " has similarities and references to the Egyptian Gods.
 All three "Egyptian Gods" appear in this card's artwork, inscribed on the tablet behind this monster, as well as glowing in their respective colors. 
 Its effects are variations of the signature effects of the "Egyptian Gods". The first effect is similar to the anime effect of " The Winged Dragon of Ra " gaining ATK equal to the ATK of the Tributed monsters, the second effect is similar to the monster destroying effect of " Obelisk the Tormentor ", and the third effect is similar to the last effect of " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", which reduces the ATK and DEF of any monster the opponent Summons by 2000. 
 This card also has the same Level as the Egyptian Gods. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 92 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 146 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Episode 85 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 54 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!Episode 65 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 89 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 132 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 138 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 141 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 67 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 84 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 141 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 68 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 94 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 131 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 223 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 142 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 66 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 97 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 65 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 221 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 145 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 222 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 66 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Episode 141 
 
 ↑   V-Jump  magazine 
 
 
   
 Egyptian God   三 幻 神 Members 
 Holactie the Creator of Light Obelisk the Tormentor Obelisk the Tormentor Slifer the Sky Dragon Slifer the Sky Dragon The Winged Dragon of Ra The Winged Dragon of Ra The Winged Dragon of Ra - Immortal Phoenix The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode 
 Related 
 Egyptian God Slime Gravekeeper's Oracle Guardian Slime Ra's Disciple Reactor Slime 
 Ancient Chant Blaze Cannon The Breaking Ruin God Dark Spell Regeneration Divine Evolution Fist of Fate Magical Trick Mirror Millennium Revelation Monster Reborn Mound of the Bound Creator The Revived Sky God Soul Crossing Soul Energy MAX!!! Sun God Unification Thunderforce Attack Thunderspeed Summon The True Name The True Sun God Ultimate Divine-Beast 
 
 v e 
 Egyptian God   三 幻 神 a   Members 
 Egyptian God Phoenix Egyptian God Slime Obelisk the Tormentor Obelisk the Tormentor Slifer the Sky Dragon Slifer the Sky Dragon The Winged Dragon of Ra The Winged Dragon of Ra The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode 
 Related 
 Metal Reflect Slime Mound of the Bound Creator Ra's Disciple Revival Jam 
 
 v e 
 Egyptian God   三 幻 神 m   Members 
 God Phoenix The God of the Obelisk Obelisk The Progenitor Slifer the Sky Dragon The Sun Dragon Ra The Sun Dragon Ra - Sphere Mode 
 Related 
 Divine Evolution Gaap the Divine Soldier Immortal God Slime 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Yugioh222.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111212204439', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Egyptian-God-Cards.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/275?cb=20170320113550', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/MOV_Obelisk_x_Slifer_and_Ra.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100420223342', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/ObelisktheTormentor-BP02-EN-MSR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/127?cb=20130702163450', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/SlifertheSkyDragon-BP02-EN-MSR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/126?cb=20130713130204', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/TheWingedDragonofRa-BP02-EN-MSR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/127?cb=20130713130148', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Fusion Monster(s)