Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Amnael

For other versions of this character, see  Lyman Banner (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Lyman Banner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Lyman Banner 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Daitokuji 
 
 
 Other   
 Amnael (アムナエル  Amunaeru ) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 大徳寺 
 
 
 Arabic   
 لايمن بانر 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Height 
 200 cm [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Mori soba [2] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Fermented soybeans [2] Milk [2] Carrot [2] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Pharaoh  (pet) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Alchemist [3] Professor 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Shadow Riders 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Slifer Red 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Alchemy 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 
 Source-less Existence Finite Entity Destruction Brings Life Beat of Eternity 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Ultimate Alchemy 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 2: " Welcome to Duel Academy " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Other  
 Duel Terminal 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kappei Yamaguchi 
 
 
 German  
 Thomas Nero Wolff 
 
 
 Italian  
 Gabriele Calindri 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Dado Monteiro (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Lyman Banner , known in Japan as  Daitokuji  (大徳寺,  Daitokuji ) is a teacher, a fabled alchemist, as well as a member of the  Shadow Riders  under the name  Amnael , Banner largely supports the protagonists for most of the first season of the series, though he is directly responsible for numerous events meant to orchestrate the revival of the  Sacred Beasts .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 1.1.1   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Shadow Riders 
 2.3   Society of Light 
 2.4   Dimension World 
 2.5   Darkness 
 
 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Banner's design incorporates a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the professor and his cat  Pharaoh  in full regalia from front, side and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Banner's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of a white shirt, black pants, belt and necktie. His black hair is tied back in a ponytail. Throughout the entire series, Banner's red eyes are constantly hidden behind their lids and a pair of square-lensed glasses, except during the second half of his  Duel  with  Jaden .
 The concept illustrations for Banner's facial expressions were identical for both Amnael and Banner.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, both Banner and his alter ego have Germanic accents (more obvious in Amnael's case) which is fitting, as many famous alchemists came from Germany.
 In the original version, he often interjects the onomatopoeia  nya  (meow) into his sentences, referencing his attachment to Pharaoh. As Amnael, his voice becomes slightly deeper and more intense, no longer adding  nya  to his sentences, though his original manner of speaking returns after his defeat.
 
 Personality 
       Banner riding a moped with  Pharaoh .     
 His personality appears to be that of a laid back, friendly, and caring teacher, often considered weird or goofy by his students but still highly respected. However he shows himself to be more focused and serious when it comes to personal matters.
 Banner's personality varies greatly from his original Japanese in terms of his actions and intentions during the  Duel  with  Jaden . In the dub, Banner lies about having rigged all of Jaden's Duels so that he would be chosen as one of the  Spirit Key  holders and later on confesses that he joined the  Shadow Riders  to prepare him for the final battle against  Kagemaru . In the original, Banner never does this, but instead views Jaden as a "fusion genius" who must face adversity head on in order to learn the secrets of alchemy which have allowed him to triumph.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Discovery of the Sacred Beasts     
 Banner was working on his alchemic research long before his arrival at  Duel Academy , intent on creating the legendary  Philosopher's Stone . His studies led him to discover an ancient tomb during the same period of time when  Pegasus  first discovered  Duel Monsters . 
 Within, he unearthed three stone tablets adorned with the likenesses of the  Sacred Beasts , and would later be stricken with a fatal illness. (In the English dub, he was cursed for this intrusion). To prolong his life, Banner developed a  homunculus  in his own image to transfer his soul into.
 
         Banner's illness taking effect     
 His new body however, began to crumble, so he resolved to join the Shadow Riders as its seventh and final member in order to attain the power of the Sacred Beasts to fulfill his dreams of creating the Philosopher's Stone and use it to obtain immortality.
 Banner was eventually hired as an alchemy professor and head professor of the  Slifer Red  dormitory at Duel Academy. While there, he lured several  Obelisk Blue  students including  Atticus Rhodes  into the  Abandoned Dorm , where they disappeared. 
 He would resume his job without coming under suspicion, ultimately charged with watching over  Jaden Yuki ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Chumley Huffington , as well as the rest of the students of Slifer Red.
 
 Shadow Riders 
         Banner, introducing himself to his new students.     
 He was present at the welcoming dinner for Jaden and all of the new Red students that year, introducing himself as the head Professor. Later, he would appear and scare Jaden and his friends when they were telling scary stories late one night, revealing the existence of the Abandoned Dorm, lying to them about being hired after the students went missing. He would later be the official judge of the Duel between  Chumley  and  his father , determining whether or not he would stay at Duel Academy. Throughout the first year he would attempt to teach alchemy to his students, often with disastrous albeit comical results.
 One night Banner is shown talking to Kagemaru on a computer screen, long after the Reds are asleep, arguing with him that Jaden might not be ready for the Gravekeepers test. The following day Banner goes through with this plan, and takes Jaden, Syrus, Chumley and  Alexis Rhodes  as well as  Pharaoh , who had invited himself hiding in Banner's bag, on a trip to the Gravekeeper Ruins.
 Banner is shown in a cave at an unknown location with the other Shadow Riders, as  Nightshroud  voices he wants to make the first offensive. He is one of the seven Duelists that the Principal chooses to hold a  Spirit Key . After the arrival of  Camula , he is shown in his room performing a traditional Japanese ritual to exorcise ghosts. Throughout the various battles with the Riders, he remains distant and chooses not to partake in any of the Duels, and eventually goes missing, but not before  Atticus  remembers that he was the one who led him to the Abandoned Dorm.
 
         Amnael.     
 Using the pseudonym of  Amnael  (アムナエル,  Amunaeru ), Banner systematically defeats Atticus, Alexis Rhodes and  Chazz Princeton  taking their Spirit Keys to open  the gate  behind which the Sacred Beasts are sealed. He locks Alexis, Chazz and Atticus within his  Shadow Charm , the  Emerald Tablet  and guides Jaden to his lair in the basement of the Abandoned Dorm with his sigil to challenge him to a  Duel . Before Amnael's challenge, Jaden finds his original body, and believes he's the reason that Banner has gone missing. At one point in the Duel, Pharaoh runs up and begins acting friendly towards "Amnael", causing Syrus to worry that he's a dangerous person. At this point Amnael takes off his mask and reveals his true identity, shocking Jaden and the others. Eventually despite his good strategy, Jaden is able to defeat Banner. Upon his defeat, Banner gives Jaden his Shadow Charm and with it, " Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone ". His original mummified body and homunculus vessel then dissolve into dust. From then on, his soul resides within the body of his pet cat, Pharaoh, who had swallowed his soul.
 
 Society of Light 
 In  episode 57 , Banner briefly escaped from Pharaoh during the Duel between  Bastion  and Jaden, where he briefly exclaimed his freedom before being swallowed by Pharaoh again. He also briefly escaped during the Duel in  episode 63  after  Sartyr  was unmasked, but only cried for help in the English dub before quickly being swallowed again. When Jaden was constructing his Deck for his fifth Duel against Chazz Princeton, he led Jaden to the  Ojama Trio  in  Reject Well  in order to construct his  Ojama-HERO Deck . He then returned to Pharaoh.
 
 Dimension World 
 When  Yubel -possessed  Marcel Bonaparte  caused the  Spirit Gates  to open up, Banner appeared again to inform Jaden what was happening. Marcel, who was angry at Banner for revealing his plan, caused him to disappear back into Pharaoh. 
He then appears after Marcel starts running down the stairs to the Sacred Beasts, telling Jaden that the Sacred Beasts are very dangerous and that he must stop Marcel from obtaining them.
 
 Darkness 
 After the Yubel incident, he is still shown as a spirit, popping up out of Pharaoh's mouth from time to time, talking with Jaden, with Jaden asking if he's ever going to the afterlife. He is also briefly captured and threatened with being flushed down the toilet by Jaden if he doesn't tell Jaden about what really happened in the Abandoned Dorm with him and Kagemaru, and about  Nightshroud . 
 Then, after Jaden defeated Nightshroud and Jaden's match against  Yugi Muto  in the past, he (inside of Pharaoh) is discovered inside Jaden's backpack. He decided to stay with Jaden rather than stay in  Duel Academy .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
         Banner with  Jaden  and  Yubel .     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , Banner's spirit and Pharaoh accompany Jaden during his search for  Paradox . He and  Yubel  explain to Jaden that  Yusei Fudo  possesses  special powers  too. He is transported to the past and watches the Duel. Later he returns to his own time with Jaden.
 
 
 Other appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force , Banner will not  Duel  the player unless the player currently has  Pharaoh  following him. He reveals himself as  Amnael  during the game's third part and will Duel the player and his partner alongside a brainwashed  Jaden Yuki . 
 After completing the game once, Banner can be selected as a partner, though you must have Pharaoh following you when you ask him. If not partnered with the player, he will team with  Fonda Fontaine  during the tournament.
 After completing the game once, he can also be selected as a partner in his Amnael form should you defeat him in an individual Duel. He'll be found at the  Abandoned Dorm  after 10:00 PM in that instance.
 
 Deck 
 As Amnael, Banner plays an  Alchemy Deck , which draws a relationship between the science and universe. His strategy relies on the  removal of his own cards from the game , supported by the  Special Summoning  of " Alchemy Beasts " (which was based off common base metals and animals used in alchemy to transmute and refine gold), and the Alchemic Processes (which was based off of four of the seven main stages in transmutation, falling under calcination, dissolution, separation, conjunction, fermentation, distillation and coagulation). After Banner removes enough cards from play, he would Summon " Golden Homunculus " which gains 300  ATK  and  DEF  for each card removed from play. Banner also has the " Helios " cards as a contingency should "Golden Homunuculus" be vanquished.
 
 
 Alchemy Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin 
 Alchemy Beast - Ekenas the Mercury 
 Alchemy Beast - Leon the Lead 
 Alchemy Beast - Moonface the Silver 
 Alchemy Beast - Ouroboros the Bronze 
 Alchemy Beast - Salamandra the Steel 
 Aqua Spirit [Notes 1] 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit [Notes 1] 
 Golden Homunculus 
 Helios Duo Megistus 
 Helios - The Primordial Sun 
 Helios Trice Megistus 
 Spirit of Flames [Notes 1] 
 The Rock Spirit [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Black Process - Negledo 
 Bronze Scale 
 Chaos Distill 
 Chaos Greed 
 Grand Convergence 
 Lead Compass 
 Mercury Hourglass 
 Planet Alignment 
 Red Process - Rubedo 
 Silver Key 
 Steel Lamp 
 Tin Spell Circle 
 White Process - Albedo 
 Yellow Process - Kitolenics 
 Traps 
 Elemental Absorber 
 Macro Cosmos 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 41  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 44 
 Win
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 44 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 45 - 46 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters height guide" . September 13, 2013 .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/d6e91c9ed9a16df5a0e0123cd69ca2ef/tumblr_mt1zczv2GB1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 44: " The Seventh Shadow Rider " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 46: " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   This card is  removed from play  via the  effect  of " Elemental Absorber " in  episode 45. 
 
 
 v e 
Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) pages 
 Anime 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller  (Banner) 
 Spirit Caller  (Amnael) 
 Tag Force  (Banner) 
 Tag Force  (Amnael) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Banner) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Amnael) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  characters Main 
 Paradox 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) 
 Pharaoh 
 Yubel 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua, Rua) 
 Luna (Luca, Ruka) 
 JumBANG! 
 Akina Minami 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 Yoshiyuki Hirai 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/Lyman_Banner.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170707101310', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/Daitokuji_Linkwork.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070610122107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Daitocat.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111121140410', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/SacredBeastTablet.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120808015031', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Daitokujis_illness.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110608002710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/Daitokujis_debut.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110618072401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Amnael.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20070616192455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Banner_with_Jaden_and_Yubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110624085221']
Categories: Characters, Lyman Banner pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters