Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:A_Legendary_Ocean


 A Legendary Ocean 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 4   Video games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 In  episode 111 ,  the Big Five  use this card during their Tag Duel against  Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler .  Gansley  activates this card during the first turn of the Duel. He then uses this card's effect to let him Normal Summon " The Legendary Fisherman " without Tribute. Later  Crump  uses this card's effect to Normal Summon " Catapult Turtle " without  Tribute . This card's effect then boosted the ATK and DEF of "Catapult Turtle" by 200. Later Joey activates " Harpie's Feather Duster " to destroy this card. This removes the boost "Catapult Turtle" got from this card. After Joey uses " Alligator's Sword " to attack and destroy " Magician of Faith ", Crump activates the latter's Flip Effect to add this card from his Graveyard to his hand. Later Yugi activates " Card Destruction " to force the Big Five to  discard  this card. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In  episode 38 ,  Admiral  uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . After this card is activated, Admiral uses this card's effect to Normal Summon " Orca Mega-Fortress of Darkness " without Tribute. On Admiral's next turn, he activates " Cursed Waters Level 3 ", which allows the Admiral to Normal Summon " Torpedo Fish " and " Cannonball Spear Shellfish " on the same turn due to their  Levels  adding up to 3 after this card's  effect  was applied to them. Later the Admiral uses this card's effect to Tribute Summon " Levia-Dragon Daedalus " by Tributing "Orca Mega-Fortress of Darkness". Admiral then  sends  this card to the  Graveyard  in order to activate the effect of "Levia-Dragon - Daedalus". 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 3 , this card appears as one of the selectable Action Field Spells prior to  Sylvio Sawatari 's duel with  Yuya Sakaki . 
 Video games 
 Syrus Truesdale  uses this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  to Summon "Catapult Turtle" without Tribute and allow cards such as " Submarineroid " and " Amphibious Bugroth MK-3 " to attack when " Level Limit - Area B " is on the field.  Dox  uses this to downgrade the Level of his " Suijin " in an effort to Summon " Gate Guardian ".  Nathan  uses it to Summon " B.E.S. Crystal Core " without Tribute while  Swin  uses a similar strategy to that of Syrus, with the addition of " Deepsea Warrior ". 
 Krue  uses this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances