Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_005


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 005 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 鳴 動 のスリーカウント 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Meidō no Surī Kaunto 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Three Count Rings 
 
 
 English 
 Down for the Count 
 
 
 Number 
 005 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 7, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 15, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Toshiaki Kamihara 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Yuki Arie 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Pain and Gain " 
 " True Blue " 
 
 
 
 
 " Down for the Count ",   known as   " The Three Count Rings " in the Japanese version, is the fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 7, 2017, and aired on Teletoon on September 15, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day as the Japanese airing. Pluto TV aired it on December 4, 2020 in the US.
 The Gore  carries out his  Duel  in a manner similar to Pro-Wrestling, using Dueling as a means to entertain the audience.  Playmaker  seems to be interested in this playstyle, which is different from his calm and calculated playstyle. As if acknowledging The Gore’s Dueling, Playmaker  Summons  " Decode Talker ", despite taking a huge amount of damage. And thus, the two’s ace monsters clash!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. The Gore 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Playmaker activates " Cyberse Shatter " to negate the effect of " Gouki Headbatt ". Although The Gore's A.I. warns that his victory is no longer guaranteed, Gore decides to launch " Gouki The Great Ogre 's" attack and leave Playmaker on 100 Life Points.  Ai  argues that Playmaker could have used "Cyberse Shatter's" effect on " Gouki Twistcobra " earlier. 
 Viewers watching the public screens across  Den City  now unanimously cheer for Gore. As the  MC  gives his commentary, the orphans in Gore's old orphanage also root for him.  Gore's manager  and the orphanage's caregiver are now confident of Gore's victory.  Akira Zaizen  also notes Gore's progress from his office at  SOL Technologies . Meanwhile,  Kolter  has patched up Playmaker's ability to escape from  LINK VRAINS , by opening a security bypass in the middle of his duel. Playmaker decides to jump over it, to Ai's surprise. He wants to stay in the duel in order to learn from it, and if he defeats his opponent, he would be able to find out just who else are after Ai. 
 As a result, Playmaker begins his turn. After summoning two copies of " Bitron ", Gore laughs at his opponent's strategy and Ai is fed up with Playmaker's attitude. Playmaker ignores Ai because he sees a  Data Storm  ahead and begins to activate his  Skill . Gore is told by his A.I. how the Skill works, and realizes that Playmaker took 3900 damage on purpose. But, Gore is confident that Playmaker will fall off his  D-Board  while inside the Data Storm. As Gore avoids the Data Storm, Playmaker goes into it to activate Storm Access. He immediately  Link Summons  the monster he acquired - " Link Bumper ", and then shocks Gore with two more Link Summons -  " Honeybot " and " Decode Talker ". 
 As the MC delivers a commentary, Playmaker makes his next move. By the time he starts his Battle Phase, he controls three  Link Monsters , all in  Main Monster Zones . Gore notes that none of Playmaker's monsters are stronger than "Great Ogre". Playmaker thinks otherwise; he explains the effect of "Decode Talker's" equipped " Cyberse Annihilation ". Gore concludes that Playmaker's monster would also be destroyed. "Great Ogre" and "Decode Talker" knock each other out, drawing a commentary from the MC and stunned silence from everyone watching. But "Decode Talker" gets up while "Great Ogre" remains down. Playmaker explains that "Decode Talker" was protected by "Honeybot's" effect. Gore responds with "Great Ogre's" effect, preventing its destruction by destroying a monster that it points to. This draws cheers from Gore's supporters that are watching, including his manager and the orphanage caregiver, who smile at each other. 
 Gore thinks he will get another turn after this, but Playmaker proves Gore wrong by using "Link Bumper's" effect to allow "Decode Talker" to attack again. Gore is unfazed as "Decode Talker" attacks "Great Ogre" again, neither being destroyed. Everyone watching sees the two monsters knocked out again, with Gore destroying the link-pointed "Gouki Twistcobra" to allow "Great Ogre" to get up. "Decode Talker" is still protected by "Honeybot" so gets up again. Gore claims that the card he added to his hand with "Twistcobra's" effect will defeat him next turn. Playmaker says otherwise, and has "Link Bumper" allow "Decode Talker" to attack a third time. The two Link Monsters clash, with both landing on their feet. But "Great Ogre" is the first to fall. Gore says it will get up again, and has "Great Ogre" use its effect... only to realize no Link Monsters are pointed to it. Gore watches in despair as his monster crumbles and is finally destroyed. Gore's supporters watching across Den City, as well as his orphanage, groan in disappointment.
 Gore is finished off by "Cyberse Annihilation". The MC announces the winner, to the stunned silence of everyone watching, including one inconsolable orphan. Akira leaves his computer without a word, while Kolter smiles for Playmaker as the virtual cage vanishes. Gore lies on his back on top of a virtual building, but gets up with a laugh. Ai wonders why Gore is laughing after losing, and Playmaker replies that it's because Gore fought well and is not ashamed. 
 At sunset, Yusaku returns to Kolter, who is not happy with Yusaku that he dodged the escape route Kolter worked so hard to program. Yusaku says he was dueling for dueling's sake, and Kolter concedes for once. He thinks they will need assistance to take down the Knights of Hanoi. Yusaku refuses, saying that their fight is theirs alone, and it's too dangerous to get others involved. Yusaku leaves. Meanwhile, Gore logs out and ends up in his practice ring in the dark. He concedes that he must work harder to win back his fans, especially those at the orphanage. The lights to  Gore's warehouse  suddenly turn on, and Gore is applauded by the orphans that have come to visit. Gore wonders why the orphans are cheering for him after defeat. He says it doesn't matter if they don't see The Gore anymore. One of them says they want more Gore, and another wants him to wear the belt that he rightfully earned in the past. Gore smiles back, and holds up his belt like a champ. Gore's manager and the orphanage's caretaker have also visited, and applaud as well, as Gore laughs and shares joy with the orphans. 
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. The Gore 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: The Gore 
As  The Gore  activated an effect that would change the ATK of only one monster on the field,  Playmaker   activates  his  face-down  " Cyberse Shatter ", negating the activation of the effect and allowing Playmaker to  draw a card  ("Great Ogre": 5700 → 4900). " Gouki The Great Ogre "  attacks  and destroys " Cyberse Wizard " (Playmaker: 4000 → 100 LP).
 Turn 4: Playmaker 
Playmaker  Normal Summons  " Draconnet " (1400/1200). As "Draconnet" was Normal Summoned, Playmaker activates its effect, letting him Special Summon a  Level  2 or lower  Normal Monster  from his  hand  or  Deck  in  Defense Position . Playmaker Special Summons " Bitron " (200/2000) from his Deck in Defense Position. The effect of "Great Ogre" decreases the ATK of "Draconnet" and "Bitron" by a value equal to their  original DEF  ("Draconnet": 1400 → 200, "Bitron": 200 → 0).
 Playmaker uses "Bitron" to  Link Summon  " Link Spider " (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the right  Extra Monster Zone . Playmaker activates the effect of "Link Spider", letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from his hand to the  zone  "Link Spider"  points to . Playmaker Special Summons a second copy of "Bitron" (200 → 0/2000).
 At this point, Playmaker enters the Data Storm. Playmaker activates his  Skill  "Storm Access", which allows him to randomly access a card from a  Data Storm  when his LP is 1000 or less. Playmaker obtains " Link Bumper " and adds it to his  Extra Deck .
 Playmaker uses "Bitron" and "Linkslayer" to Link Summon "Link Bumper" (1400/LINK-2/←↑) to the zone "Link Spider" points to. As Playmaker controls a  Cyberse  Monster, he Special Summons " Backup Secretary " (1200 → 400/800) in Defense Position by its own effect. Playmaker uses "Draconnet" and "Backup Secretary" to Link Summon " Honeybot " (1900/LINK-2/←→) to the zone left of "Link Bumper".
 Playmaker uses the Link 1 "Link Spider" and the Link 2 "Honeybot" to Link Summon " Decode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/↙↑↘) to the zone left of "Link Bumper". Playmaker then  equips  "Decode Talker" with the  Equip Spell Card  " Cyberse Annihilation ". If the equipped monster attacks one of The Gore's monsters, its ATK becomes equal to that monster's ATK during  damage calculation  and if the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle, "Annihilation" will inflict damage equal to that monster's ATK. Playmaker activates the effect of "Cyberse Shatter" in the  GY , banishing it from the GY to Special Summon a Link 2 or lower Cyberse-type monster from his GY. Playmaker Special Summons "Honeybot" (1900/LINK-2/←→) to the left of "Decode Talker".
 "Decode Talker" attacks "Great Ogre" ("Decode Talker": 2300 → 2600). The effect of "Honeybot" prevents monsters that it points to from being destroyed by battle. As "Great Ogre" would be destroyed by battle, The Gore can choose to destroy a monster it points to instead. The Gore destroys "Gouki Headbatt" at the zone below "Great Ogre". The effect of "Headbatt" activates as it was sent from the field to the GY, allowing The Gore to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. The Gore adds " Gouki Re-Match ".
 Playmaker activates the effect of "Link Bumper" as a monster it points to attacked an opponent's Link Monster, allowing that monster to gain an additional attack for each other Link Monster Playmaker currently controls. "Decode Talker" gains two more attacks.
 "Decode Talker" attacks "Great Ogre" again ("Decode Talker": 2300 → 2600), with The Gore destroying " Gouki Twistcobra " instead of "Great Ogre" by its effect. The effect of "Twistcobra" activates as it was sent from the field to the GY, allowing The Gore to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. The Gore adds " Gouki Suprex ".
 "Decode Talker" attacks "Great Ogre" a third time ("Decode Talker": 2300 → 2600) and destroys it. As the equipped monster destroyed a monster by battle, the effect of "Annihilation" activates, inflicting damage to The Gore equal to the destroyed monster's ATK (Go: 2000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bitron  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Secretary 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Draconnet 
 Linkslayer Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Honeybot 
 Link Bumper 
 Link Spider Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyberse Annihilation 
 Traps 
 Cyberse Shatter 
 
 The Gore (George Gore) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Headbatt 
 Gouki Suprex 
 Gouki Twistcobra Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki The Great Ogre‎‎ Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 เสียงนับสามที่ดังกึกก้อง
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Vrains_005.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170607135403', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes