Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_083


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 083 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ヘルカイザー 亮 ＶＳ マスター 鮫島 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Heru Kaizā Ryō Vāsasu Masutā Samejima 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Hell Kaiser Ryo VS Master Samejima 
 
 
 English 
 Schooling the Master 
 
 
 Number 
 083 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 3, 2006 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 9, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Cyber Ogre 2 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Magnetic Personality " 
 " Generation Next " 
 
 
 
 
 "Schooling the Master" , known as  "Hell Kaiser Ryo VS Master Samejima"  in Japan, is the eighty-third episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX . It aired in Japan on May 3, 2006, and in the United States on December 9, 2006.
 Because of his newfound cruelty and hatred toward others,  Zane Truesdale  is confronted by  Chancellor Sheppard , who challenges him to a Duel in hopes of reaching the person his former student used to be.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Zane Truesdale vs. Unidentified Pro League Duelist 
 2.2   Zane Truesdale vs. Chancellor Sheppard 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes in the dub 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Zane Truesdale  has returned to the  Pro League , seemingly back and better than ever. However,  Syrus Truesdale  senses a huge change in his older brother—and not because of his new black outfit. Syrus believes that Zane has lost all respect for anyone he Duels against, and shows it after defeating an unnamed Duelist in his latest match and leaving him unconscious.
 After being praised by  Mr. Shroud  (who introduced him to Underground Duels) for the most recent win, Zane drops him as an agent so he can look for his next victory. Fortunately, a mysterious note is left for him, simply stating, "I will be waiting there." After a long climb up a mountain, he enters the  Cyber Art dojo  and finds  Chancellor Sheppard  inside, declaring that he accepted his challenge to  Duel .
 As the Duel begins, Sheppard sets 2 cards and ends his turn, without even summoning a monster to the field, and Zane wonders what his opponent is planning.  Then, Zane begins his turn immediately afterwards, using " Future Fusion " to  Fusion Summon  " Cyber End Dragon ", but it cannot attack when summoned to the field with "Future Fusion". Sheppard declares that he knows all of "Cyber End Dragon's" secrets, as this monster once belonged to him before it was passed on to Zane, who was the top-ranking student to master the  Cyber Art . Ten years later, after he left the Cyber Art dojo, Zane went on to become the number-one student and Duelist at  Duel Academy . Sheppard then reveals that Zane is the sole heir to the Cyber Legacy, and Zane reveals that he'd already known, declaring that he came back to the dojo to get the remainder of his birthright. Sheppard realizes that Zane knows of the " Cyber Art - Reverse  Deck" ("Underworld Deck" in the English dub), a forbidden Deck that was hidden within the walls of the dojo. Zane demands to know the location of the Cyber Art-Reverse Deck, but Sheppard adamantly refuses. However, Zane insists on taking that Deck if he wins.
 Upon hearing such a declaration, Sheppard continues with the Duel, activating " Cyber Shadow Gardna ", which is a  Trap Monster  that can replicate the  ATK  and  DEF  of 1 of  Zane 's monsters, and he proves it when "Cyber Shadow Gardna" transforms itself into a "Shadow" of "Cyber End Dragon". Zane simply uses " De-Fusion " to split his "Cyber End Dragon" into the 3 " Cyber Dragons " used to summon it, because "Cyber Shadow Gardna" can only replicate the  ATK  and  DEF  of 1 of Zane's monsters. As "Cyber Shadow Gardna" becomes a "Shadow" of "Cyber Dragon", Zane attacks, destroying 1 of his "Cyber Dragons" along with "Cyber Shadow Gardna".
 Sheppard responds with " Byroad Sacrifice ", which activates when a monster of his is destroyed in battle. He uses this Trap's effect to  Special Summon  " Cyber Ogre " from his hand. Zane responds by attacking with another of his "Cyber Dragons"—but "Cyber Ogre" has a surprising effect: Sheppard discards another copy from his hand, causing the battle between the "Cyber Ogre" on the field and "Cyber Dragon" to be negated. Afterwards, "Cyber Ogre" gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster whose attack was negated. As "Cyber Ogre's" ATK rises to 4000, Zane sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Sheppard begins his turn, and just as he draws his card, Zane reveals his  Trap Card , " Attack Reflector Unit ", which allows him to  tribute  1 of his "Cyber Dragons" and summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon " from his  Deck .  Zane explains that, once per turn, while it's in  Attack Position , "Cyber Barrier Dragon" can negate the first attack Sheppard declares with a monster after it's summoned. With his attacks practically useless at this point, Sheppard uses " Monster Reincarnation ", discarding " Return Soul " to retrieve the "Cyber Ogre" in his Graveyard and put it back in his hand. Then he sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Zane begins his turn, summoning " Proto-Cyber Dragon " and activating " Photon Generator Unit ", which requires him to  tribute  2 "Cyber Dragons" on the field and summon " Cyber Laser Dragon " ("Proto-Cyber Dragon" fills the requirement, as its name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field). "Proto-Cyber Dragon" and the third "Cyber Dragon" disappear from the field, and "Cyber Laser Dragon" is summoned in their place. "Cyber Laser Dragon" then uses its effect to destroy 1 monster Sheppard controls, if its  ATK  or  DEF  is greater than the ATK of "Cyber Laser Dragon". "Cyber Ogre" is destroyed, but Sheppard then activates " Scrap Fusion ", which allows him to  Fusion Summon  a monster from Zane's Deck, if the  Fusion Material Monsters  in Zane's Graveyard are  removed from play . With that, "Cyber End Dragon" appears on Sheppard's side of the field, and Zane realizes he cannot attack, so he sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Sheppard, in hopes of ultimately reigniting Zane's bond with "Cyber End Dragon", devises a strategy to give Zane the chance of retrieving his beloved monster. First, he activates " Pot of Greed " to draw 2 cards and then summons " Cyber Esper ". Knowing that "Cyber Barrier Dragon" can only negate the first attack he declares, Sheppard declares an attack with "Cyber Esper", forcing "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to use up its effect. Sheppard realizes that if "Cyber Laser Dragon" is still on the field during Zane's next turn, Zane will use its effect to destroy "Cyber End Dragon".  With that, he attacks with "Cyber End Dragon", destroying "Cyber Laser Dragon" and bringing Zane's Life Points down to 2400. Finally, he sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Zane begins his turn, but Sheppard then cautions him about the effect of "Cyber Esper": While it's in  Attack Position , Zane must reveal any cards he draws to Sheppard. After revealing his own "Pot of Greed", he draws 2 more cards, revealed to be " Limiter Removal " and " Creature Swap ". (The English dub changes "Creature Swap" to " Ruthless Denial ", but the dialogue continues as if Zane had drawn "Creature Swap".) Sheppard theorizes that Zane will either use "Limiter Removal" to double the ATK of "Cyber Barrier Dragon" and destroy "Cyber Esper", or use "Creature Swap" to switch "Cyber End Dragon" to his side of the field and place "Cyber Barrier Dragon" under Sheppard's control. However, Sheppard has set the card " Trojan Blast ", which will cause Zane to lose the Duel if he switches control of "Cyber End Dragon", because when an opponent's card effect switches control of a monster, "Trojan Blast" will destroy that monster and inflict damage to its new controller, equal to its ATK. Sheppard believes that, if Zane—the  real  Zane—still shares the bond he shared with "Cyber End Dragon" long ago, Zane will want to take it back.
 Unfortunately, Zane's strategy involves him discarding "Creature Swap" to activate " Lost Pride " and take " Scrap Fusion " from Sheppard's Graveyard. Sheppard is appalled that Zane did not use "Creature Swap" to retake "Cyber End Dragon", and Zane declares that he no longer wants it. He then uses "Ruthless Denial" to send "Cyber Barrier Dragon" from the field to the Graveyard and force Sheppard to discard the "Cyber Ogre" in his hand. With 2 "Cyber Ogres" in the Graveyard, Zane uses "Scrap Fusion" to  Fusion Summon  Sheppard's " Cyber Ogre 2 " to his side of the field while taking 1000 damage from "Lost Pride", which brings his Life Points down to 1400. Sheppard's disbelief grows stronger as Zane uses "Cyber Ogre 2" and "Limiter Removal" to destroy "Cyber End Dragon", betraying the monster he once cherished.
 As the Duel ends with Zane the victor, the aftershock from the attack made by "Cyber Ogre 2" rips the tapestry emblazoned with the image of "Cyber End Dragon" off the wall and reveals a secret compartment behind it, where a small black box rests. Zane has finally found the Cyber Art-Reverse Deck and claims it for himself. Before Zane leaves, Sheppard declares his refusal to give up on Zane and invites him to the  Genex Tournament , tossing him a  Genex Medallion  as his admission. Zane promises to think over the invitation, as he feels that it would be a good chance to test his new Deck.  Meanwhile, as Zane turns to leave, Sheppard tells himself that if he can't bring Zane to his senses, maybe Zane's friends can.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Zane Truesdale vs. Unidentified Pro League Duelist 
 Duel  already in progress.  Zane 's opponent  controls  " Swordstalker " (2000/1600), " Vorse Raider " (1900/1200), " Granadora " (1900/700), " Whiptail Crow " (1650/1600), and " Morinphen " (1550/1300) in Attack Position while  Zane  controls " Cyber End Dragon " (4000/2800) in Attack Position.
 "Swordstalker", "Vorse Raider", "Granadora", "Whiptail Crow", and "Morinphen" are suddenly and inexplicably  destroyed . "Cyber End Dragon"  attacks   directly  (Unidentified Pro League Duelist ? → 0).
 
 Zane Truesdale vs. Chancellor Sheppard 
 Turn 1: Sheppard 
Sheppard draws. He then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Zane 
Zane draws " Future Fusion " and subsequently activates it to send his three " Cyber Dragons " from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  and  Fusion Summon  " Cyber End Dragon " (4000/2800) in  Attack Position . Due to the secondary effect of "Future Fusion", "Cyber End Dragon" cannot  attack  in the same  turn  that it was  Fusion Summoned .  Sheppard  then activates his face-down " Cyber Shadow Gardna ", which is  Special Summoned  as a Effect Monster (?/?) in  Attack Position . If "Cyber Shadow Gardna" is  attacked , its  ATK  and  DEF  will become equal to that of the  attacking   monster . Otherwise, it will return to the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  face-down during Zane's  End Phase .
 Zane then activates " De-Fusion " to return "Cyber End Dragon" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon his three "Cyber Dragons" (2100/1600 each) from the Graveyard in Attack Position. A "Cyber Dragon" attacks "Cyber Shadow Gardna". Due to the effect of "Cyber Shadow Gardna", its ATK and DEF become the same as the ATK and DEF of "Cyber Dragon" ("Cyber Shadow Gardna": ? → 2100/? → 1600). Both battling monsters are then destroyed in a  Double KO . Sheppard then activates his face-down " Byroad Sacrifice " to  Special Summon  " Cyber Ogre " (1900/1200) from his  hand  in Attack Position since "Cyber Shadow Gardna" was  destroyed in battle . Another "Cyber Dragon" attacks "Cyber Ogre", but Sheppard activates the effect of "Cyber Ogre" to  negate  the attack and increase the ATK of "Cyber Ogre" by the ATK of "Cyber Dragon" by  discarding  another copy of "Cyber Ogre" from his hand ("Cyber Ogre": 1900 → 4000/1200). Zane then Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Sheppard 
Sheppard draws. Zane then activates his face-down " Attack Reflector Unit " to Tribute one "Cyber Dragon" and  Special Summon  " Cyber Barrier Dragon " (800/2800) in  Attack Position . While this card is in Attack Position, Zane can negate the first attack that Sheppard makes. Sheppard then activates " Monster Reincarnation " to add "Cyber Ogre" from his  Graveyard  to his hand by  discarding  "Return Soul". Sheppard then Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Zane 
Zane draws " Proto-Cyber Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1100/600) in  Attack Position . This monster is treated as "Cyber Dragon" while it is face-up on the field. He then activates " Photon Generator Unit " to Tribute "Proto-Cyber Dragon" and "Cyber Dragon" and  Special Summon  " Cyber Laser Dragon " (2400/1800) in  Attack Position . Zane then activates the effect of "Cyber Laser Dragon" to destroy "Cyber Ogre" as its  ATK  was higher than the ATK of "Cyber Laser Dragon". Sheppard then activates his face-down " Scrap Fusion " to remove the three "Cyber Dragons" in Zane's  Graveyard  from play and  Fusion Summon  Zane's "Cyber End Dragon" (4000/2800) in  Attack Position  and under his  control . Zane then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Sheppard 
Sheppard draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to  draw  two cards (one of which is " Cyber Esper "). Sheppard then  Normal Summons  "Cyber Esper" (1200/1800) in  Attack Position . "Cyber Esper"  attacks  "Cyber Barrier Dragon", but the effect of "Cyber Barrier Dragon"  negates  the attack. "Cyber End Dragon" attacks and destroys "Cyber Laser Dragon" (Zane 4000 → 2400). Sheppard then Sets a card (" Trojan Blast ").
 Turn 6: Zane 
Zane draws "Pot of Greed". Since "Cyber Esper" is in  Attack Position , Zane must now reveal every card that he draws to Sheppard. He shows Sheppard his own "Pot of Greed". Zane activates "Pot of Greed" to draw two cards. Due to the effect of "Cyber Esper", Zane reveals he drew " Limiter Removal " and " Creature Swap ". Sheppard intends for Zane to activate "Creature Swap" to take control of "Cyber End Dragon". This will let Sheppard activate his face-down "Trojan Blast" which will destroy "Cyber End Dragon" and inflict its ATK as damage to Zane. Zane then activates his face-down " Lost Pride " to send "Creature Swap" from his hand to his Graveyard and add "Scrap Fusion" from Sheppard's Graveyard to his hand. If Zane activates "Scrap Fusion", "Lost Pride" will inflict 1000  damage  to Zane.
 Zane then activates " Ruthless Denial " to send "Cyber Barrier Dragon" from his field to the Graveyard and force Sheppard to send the "Cyber Ogre" in his hand to the Graveyard. Zane then activates "Scrap Fusion" to remove the two " Cyber Ogres " in Sheppard's  Graveyard  from play and  Fusion Summon  " Cyber Ogre 2 " (2600/1900) in Attack Position and under his control (Zane 2400 → 1400). 
 "Cyber Ogre 2" attacks "Cyber End Dragon". Due to the effect of "Cyber Ogre 2", it gains ATK equal to half the current ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" during  damage calculation  only ("Cyber Ogre 2": 2600 → 4600/1900). Zane then activates "Limiter Removal" to double the ATK of "Cyber Ogre 2" ("Cyber Ogre 2": 4600 → 9200/1900), but at the End Phase, "Cyber Ogre 2" will be destroyed. "Cyber Ogre 2" destroys "Cyber End Dragon" (Sheppard 4000 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the original, after Ryo defeats his opponent in the Pro Leagues, one of the announcers talks about how much he's changed and wonders what happened to him. This is removed from the dub. 
 In the dub, after being fired by Zane, Mr. Shroud angrily yells that Zane will regret his decision. This is not present in the original. 
 When Zane enters the temple, and it's revealed that Chancellor Sheppard is the one waiting for him, the dub shows a different set of flashbacks compared to the original. The original shows a set of flashbacks that are are more heartfelt, using moments from season 1  where Sheppard was showing emotions of overwhelming happiness and pride. The dub shows moments that make him look like a shady character, and the dub also adds dialogue from Zane that suggest as much 
 Mistakes in the dub 
 Chancellor Sheppard  stated that " Cyber Shadow Gardna " remained active for both of their turns, when in reality, "Cyber Shadow Gardna" would lose its effect at the end of Zane's turn. 
 Zane  says that " Cyber Laser Dragon " can destroy a monster with "fewer attack points" once per turn, when he should have said, "more attack points". 
 When  Chancellor Sheppard  activates " Scrap Fusion ", he states that he can take  Fusion Monsters  from Zane's  Graveyard , when he should have said, " Fusion  Material  Monsters ". 
 When  Zane  shows  Sheppard  the two cards he drew with " Pot of Greed ", " Ruthless Denial " was shown instead of " Creature Swap ". Sheppard's subsequent theory on Zane's move is based on him using that "Creature Swap" and "Ruthless Denial", so "Ruthless Denial" was the card Zane already had in his hand. 
 When Sheppard is thinking that Zane would destroy "Cyber Esper" then use "Creature Swap" to take "Cyber End Dragon", the situation is shown except with " Cyber Barrier Dragon " still on Zane's field when he would have had to give to Sheppard. 
 Zane  sent "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to the Graveyard for "Ruthless Denial", but he'd mistakenly referred to it as "Cyber Laser Dragon". 
 When  Zane  says he sacrifices " Creature Swap ", that card is shown like normal, but for a single frame, the artwork changes into that of " Pot of Greed " before it cuts to  Sheppard 
 Even though  Zane  used "Cyber Laser Dragon" to destroy  Sheppard 's " Cyber Ogre ", it's card is still shown on-ward, on Sheppard's Duel Disk. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Barrier Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Laser Dragon 
 Proto-Cyber Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Creature Swap 
 De-Fusion 
 Future Fusion 
 Limiter Removal 
 Photon Generator Unit 
 Pot of Greed 
 Ruthless Denial 
 Traps 
 Attack Reflector Unit 
 Lost Pride 
 
 Chancellor Sheppard Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Esper 
 Cyber Ogre  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Ogre 2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Pot of Greed 
 Scrap Fusion 
 Traps 
 Byroad Sacrifice 
 Cyber Shadow Gardna 
 Return Soul 
 Trojan Blast 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Multiple Slime Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Power Bond 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Morinphen 
 Swordstalker 
 Vorse Raider 
 Whiptail Crow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Granadora 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 2 episodes 
 #053 " Back to Duel " #054 " Champion or Chazz-Been? " #055 " A Hassleberry Hounding " #056 " Sad But Truesdale " #057 " The Demon " #058 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 1 " #059 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 2 " #060 " Pop Goes the Duel " #061 " I've Seen the Light " #062 " A Greater Porpoise " #063 " Curry Worries " #064 " Camaraderie Contest " #065 " No Pain, No Game " #066 " Going Bananas " #067 " Homecoming Duel, Part 1 " #068 " Homecoming Duel, Part 2 " #069 " Dormitory Demolition " #070 " Obelisk White? " #071 " Duel Fellas " #072 " Not Playing With a Full Deck " #073 " Source of Strength " #074 " Happily Never After " #075 " Taken by Storm, Part 1 " #076 " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " #077 " J-Dawg and T-Bone " #078 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 1 " #079 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 2 " #080 " What a Doll! " #081 " Let's Make A Duel! " #082 " Magnetic Personality " #083 " Schooling the Master " #084 " Generation Next " #085 " Rah, Rah, Ra! " #086 " The Art of the Duel " #087 " Blinded by the Light, Part 1 " #088 " Blinded by the Light, Part 2 " #089 " The Darkness Within " #090 " Pro-Dueling " #091 " Don't Fear the Reaper " #092 " Duel for Hire " #093 " Heart of Ice, Part 1 " #094 " Heart of Ice, Part 2 " #095 " Tough Love " #096 " It's All Relative " #097 " The Dark Light " #098 " Ultimate Destiny " #099 " The Key Factor " #100 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 1 " #101 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 2 " #102 " The Hands of Justice, Part 1 " #103 " The Hands of Justice, Part 2 " #104 " Future Changes " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/Zane_and_sheppard.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121007015325']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes