Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shiranui


 
 Shiranui 
 不知火 「 しらぬい 」  ( Shiranui ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Shiranui Spectralsword " and " Shiranui Samurai " combined as " Shiranui Samuraisaga " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Shiranui 
 
 
 German 
 Shiranui 
 
 
 Italian 
 Shiranui 
 
 
 Korean 
 시라누이   Siranui   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Shiranui 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Shiranui 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Breakers of Shadow The Dark Illusion Raging Tempest Savage Strike 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 6 Hidden Summoners Structure Deck: Zombie Horde Savage Strike Sneak Peek Participation Card OTS Tournament Pack 10 Magnificent Mavens 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Hidden Summoners Structure Deck R: Undead World Secret Shiny Box 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2019 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Shiranui " ( 不知火 ) is an  archetype  consisting of  FIRE   Zombie   monsters  with 0  DEF , introduced in  Breakers of Shadow . All of the English card names are an alliteration of the letter S. 
 
 Design 
 This archetype is based after the  Shiranui  (不知火; " unknown fire "), a ghostly phenomenon from the Japanese Folklore of  Kyūshū , as a reference to both their Type and Attribute. In terms of appearance, "Shiranui" monsters appear to be a clan that  forge ,  bless , and  wield  swords possessed by spirits  in order to  gain the   spirit's power .
 
 Playing style 
 The "Shiranui" monsters revolve around the banishment of Zombie monsters, or the interaction with banished Zombie monsters, generally providing card advantage from this.
 The non-Tuner Main Deck monsters have a set of two very versatile effects: the first one varies from the set-up of Synchro/Xyz/Link Summons, as seen in " Shiranui Spiritmaster ", " Solitaire ", and " Squire ", to a boost on offensiveness or field presence, with " Samurai " and " Swordmaster ". The second one triggers when they are banished and generally increases card advantage, by either destroying or retrieving cards.
 " Shiranui Spectralsword " and " Shiranui Spectralsword Shade " are the Tuners of the archetype. The former allows the player to Special Summon a Zombie  Synchro Monster  from the Extra Deck, by banishing itself alongside with a non-Tuner Zombie monster, both from the Graveyard. Although this Special Summon is not treated as a Synchro Summon, this effect allows the player to unleash monsters that would normally require specific Synchro Materials, notably " Archfiend Zombie-Skull ". The latter can Tribute itself to Special Summon 2 banished Zombie monsters, including a "Shiranui". Both of them can be easily Special Summoned by the effect of " Shiranui Squire ".
 The main goal of the theme is to Summon their Synchro Monsters:
 
 With the weakest stats and effects among them, " Shiranui Swordsaga " changes the battle position of a monster upon being Special Summoned and Special Summons a "Shiranui Token" when banished. 
 " Shiranui Samuraisaga " can recycle a banished Zombie monster and restrain the opponent's aggression; if it ends up being banished, it can weaken one opposing monster's ATK by 500. 
 " Shiranui Squiresaga " is a solid option for the pin-point removal of cards: depending on the monster banished for its effect, it can either increase the ATK of Zombie monsters, or destroy a Spell/Trap or monster. If the monster banished for its effect is a FIRE Zombie Synchro Monster, all three effects can be used. 
 When " Shiranui Shogunsaga " is Special Summoned, it can banish a Zombie monster from the Graveyard and raise its 3000 base ATK by an amount equal to the banished monster's ATK. When it is destroyed, its owner can return one of their banished Zombies with 0 DEF to the Graveyard. 
 " Shiranui Sunsaga " has the highest ATK of the group, with 3500. Upon its Special Summon, it can recycle any number of Zombie Synchro Monsters, banished or in the Graveyard, and destroy opposing cards in the process, up to that number. Also, it can prevent the destruction of Zombie monsters by banishing a "Shiranui" from the Graveyard, possibly triggering its effect. 
 The archetype also has a Link Monster — " Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy " —, that doesn't directly support the archetype, but coincidentally prevents the destruction of FIRE Synchro Monsters. It can also Special Summon a banished Zombie Synchro Monster during the opponent's turn.
 The Spell/Trap line-up further increases card advantage, by either Special Summoning a "Shiranui" directly from the Deck, as in the case of " Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story ", or from the Graveyard, with " Shiranui Style Synthesis ". In addition, " Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash " acts exactly the same way as " Icarus Attack ", with the difference that it banishes a "Shiranui" monster from the Deck at the resolution, which can trigger its effect.
 Being a Zombie-reliant Deck, there are many generic support cards that can be very useful, such as " Zombie Master ", " Book of Life ", " Mezuki ", " Gozuki " and " Uni-Zombie ". Also, the signature mechanic of the Archetype can also be supported by cards like " Gold Sarcophagus ", " Spirit of Flames " and especially " Shutendoji ".
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Shiranui Samurai 
 Shiranui Smith 
 Shiranui Solitaire 
 Shiranui Spiritmaster 
 Shiranui Squire 
 Shiranui Swordmaster 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gozuki 
 Mezuki 
 Necroface 
 Zombie Master 
 Shutendoji 
 Tuner monsters 
 Shiranui Spectralsword 
 Shiranui Spectralsword Shade 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Scapeghost 
 Shinobi Necro 
 Uni-Zombie 
 Tatsunecro Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Shiranui Swordsaga 
 Shiranui Samuraisaga 
 Shiranui Shogunsaga 
 Shiranui Squiresaga 
 Shiranui Sunsaga 
 Archfiend Zombie-Skull 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Zombie Necro Dragon 
 Revived King Ha Des 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Link Monsters 
 Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy 
 Vampire Sucker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story 
 Shiranui Style Synthesis 
 Shiranui Style Solemnity 
 Book of Life 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Living Fossil 
 Pot of Acquisitiveness 
 Zombie Necronize 
 Traps 
 Shiranui Style Samsara 
 Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash 
 Shiranui Style Success 
 Sealing Ceremony of Katon 
 Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai 
 Trivia 
 In terms of lore, the archetype is related to the " Mayakashi " archetype:
 The shrine that appears in the artwork of " Mayakashi Return " is the same as in the artwork of " Shiranui Style Samsara " 
 " Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi " appears in the artwork of " Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story " alongside " Shiranui Squire ", presumably inside the said shrine. 
 " Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi " and " Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy " also appear together in the artwork of " Fateful Hour ". 
 " Shiranui Solitaire " bears a strong resemblance with " Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi ". 
 " Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy ", " Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi " and " Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi " appear to be fighting in “ Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript ”.
 The latter card shows the Yuki-Onna’s transformation into “ Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi ”. 
 
 
 v e 
 Shiranui  cards 
   
" Shiranui " 「 不知火 」 Members 
 Shiranui Samurai Shiranui Samuraisaga Shiranui Shogunsaga Shiranui Skillsaga Supremacy Shiranui Smith Shiranui Solitaire Shiranui Spectralsword Shiranui Spectralsword Shade Shiranui Spiritmaster Shiranui Squire Shiranui Squiresaga Shiranui Sunsaga Shiranui Swordmaster Shiranui Swordsaga 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Masterful Mayakashi Shiranui Saga Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story Shiranui Style Samsara Shiranui Style Solemnity Shiranui Style Success Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash Shiranui Style Synthesis 
 Support 
 Shiranui Samurai Shiranui Smith Shiranui Solitaire Shiranui Spectralsword Shade Shiranui Spiritmaster Shiranui Squiresaga Shiranui Sunsaga Shiranui Swordmaster 
 Ghost Meets Girl - A Masterful Mayakashi Shiranui Saga Ghost Meets Girl - A Shiranui's Story Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash 
 Related 
 Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Absolute Zero Mayakashi Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi 
 Fateful Hour Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Manuscript Mayakashi Return 
 
   
" Shiranui Spectralsword " 「 妖 刀 － 不知火 」 Members 
 Shiranui Spectralsword Shiranui Spectralsword Shade 
 Support 
 Shiranui Squire 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Shiranui.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151109143501']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)