Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Katsuya_Jonouchi_and_Dinosaur_Ryuzaki%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Dinosaur Ryuzaki's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Dinosaur Ryuzaki's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Dinosaur Ryuzaki  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters  in the preliminary stage of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki  had previously lost  a Duel  to  Mai Kujaku  on the  journey to Duelist Kingdom  and wanted to beat her in a rematch to make up for his humiliation. Mai was also annoyed by one of her own defeats, having  lost  to  Katsuya Jonouchi .
 When Ryuzaki confronted Mai, she had no interest in facing him a second time. However since she thought it would be immature to challenge Jonouchi to another Duel, she offered to Duel Ryuzaki again, if he first defeated Jonouchi. Her logic being that if Ryuzaki won and she defeated him, it would be equivalent to her beating both of them. She added the condition that Ryuzaki was to be her slave until the two of them Dueled. Although, Ryuzaki was not happy with that.
 The two of them tracked down Jonouchi and his friends. Mai said that she let Jonouchi win last time and that now she wanted him to Duel her slave. She introduced Ryuzaki, whom Jonouchi and  Dark Yugi  recognized as the runner-up of the  Japanese nationals . Jonouchi accepted the Duel and Dark Yugi thought to himself that he would guide Jonouchi to victory. However Jonouchi then asked that Dark Yugi not give him any advice, as he wanted to be able to win on his own.  Anzu Mazaki ,  Hiroto Honda  and  Ryo Bakura  thought that this was a bad idea. However Dark Yugi understood and was happy to stay out of it, so he returned control of his body to  Yugi Mutou .
 The players wagered two  Star Chips  each. Jonouchi's field consisted mostly of  Grassland  and Ryuzaki's consisted mostly of  Wasteland . Jonouchi was worried about Ryuzaki being a strong player, but had faith in his " Baby Dragon " and " Time Wizard " combo, which he used to defeat Mai.
 
 The Duel 
 1st turn: Jonouchi 
 Excited, by having drawn both " Baby Dragon " and " Time Wizard " in his opening  hand , Jonouchi felt his victory was assured.
 Jonouchi  Summoned  "Baby Dragon" in  Defense Mode . He mentally urged Ryuzaki to play whatever  monster  he wanted, as he planned on aging it with "Time Wizard" next turn.
  2nd turn: Ryuzaki 
 
       " Two-Headed King Rex " stomps on " Baby Dragon ".     
 Ryuzaki Summoned " Two-Headed King Rex " in  Attack Mode  in the  Wasteland , granting it a  Field Power Source  ("Two-Headed King Rex": 1600 → 2080 ATK).
 "Two-Headed King Rex" attacked and destroyed "Baby Dragon". Ryuzaki laughed that Jonouchi could not just put out a card and expect his opponent to let him use a combo. Mai laughed and told Jonouchi to just try and age "Baby Dragon" after scraping it off the foot of "King Rex".
 3rd turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Battle Steer " and got it to attack "Two-Headed King Rex", unaware of the Field Power Source "Two-Headed King Rex" had received. Consequently "Battle Steer" was destroyed (Jonouchi: 2000 → 1720  Life Points ).
 Jonouchi Summoned " Axe Raider " in the Grassland ("Axe Raider": 1700 → 2210 ATK).
 4th turn: Ryuzaki 
 Ryuzaki Summoned " Sword Dragon " in the Wasteland ("Sword Dragon": 1750 → 2275 ATK).
 "Sword Dragon" attacked and destroyed "Axe Raider" (Jonouchi: 1720 → 1145 Life Points).
 5th turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi began to think that he was not good enough to beat Ryuzaki and considered asking Yugi for help. However he reminded himself that he cannot always rely on Yugi and promised that he would win this Duel by himself.
 Jonouchi looked at the cards in his  hand ; " Time Wizard ", " Swamp Battleguard ", " Rock Ogre Grotto #1 " and another. He thought that none of them could defeat Ryuzaki's dinosaurs, but knew that "Time Wizard" had some powers he was unaware of, so he  Set  it in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone , hoping it might come in useful. Mai deduced what card Jonouchi had just Set and informed Ryuzaki. However Ryuzaki had also figured it out and was not worried, as he knew Jonouchi did not know how to use the card.
 Jonouchi Summoned "Rock Ogre Grotto #1" in Defense Mode.
 6th turn: Ryuzaki 
 Ryuzaki Summoned " Megasaurus " in the Wasteland ("Megasaurus": 1800 → 2340 ATK) and used it to attack and destroy "Rock Ogre Grotto #1" (Jonouchi: 1145 → 1140 Life Points).
 7th turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Swamp Battleguard " in Attack Mode.
 8th turn: Ryuzaki 
 "Sword Dragon" attacked and destroyed "Swamp Battleguard" (Jonouchi: 1140 → 665 Life Points).
 Jonouchi's friends started to wonder if Jonouchi had any chance of winning. Anzu asked Yugi if there was anything Jonouchi could do. He explained that Jonouchi had a chance if he would "Time Wizard", but it was risky and he was not sure if Jonouchi would even figure it out. Anzu, Bakura and Honda tried talking Yugi into telling Jonouchi what to do, but he wanted to honor Jonouchi's request to not get any help. By reminding him that Jonouchi would not be able to save  Shizuka  if he lost, Yugi decided to help. However Dark Yugi stopped him and explained that Jonouchi was fighting a battle with himself and would lose if he needed help. He also noted the confidence in Jonouchi's eyes, saying that they were not the eyes of someone about to give up.
 9th turn: Jonouchi 
 
       " Flame Swordsman " cuts " Megasaurus " in half.     
 Jonouchi Summoned " Flame Swordsman " in the Grassland ("Flame Swordsman": 1800 → 2340 ATK).
 "Flame Swordsman" attacked "Megasaurus". Due to Fire monsters having an advantage over  Dinosaurs  ("Megasaurus": 2340 → 1800 ATK), "Megasaurus" was destroyed (Ryuzaki: 2000 → 1460 Life Points).
 Jonouchi told Ryuzaki to say hello to his strongest monster, who was going to take out his lizards one at a time. Ryuzaki growled, commented that Dinosaurs are not lizards and got mad at Jonouchi for harming his Deck. Jonouchi's friends celebrated and thought he had a chance of winning. However Mai called it a lucky shot and claimed that Jonouchi did not stand a chance against her slave. Anzu reminded her that Jonouchi had beaten her a few hours ago, but Mai wrote it off as luck, and said that Jonouchi had cheated because he had gotten help from Yugi.
 10th turn: Ryuzaki 
 Ryuzaki worried a bit about the "Flame Swordsman", but knew his " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " could defeat it and hoped to draw it. However he drew something else this turn and Summoned " Uraby ".
 11th turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi got "Flame Swordsman" to attack "Two-Headed King Rex" ("Two-Headed King Rex": 2080 → 1600 ATK), destroying it (Ryuzaki: 1460 → 720 Life Points).
 Mai got mad at Ryuzaki for letting Jonouchi do so well and told him that as her slave he should fight with the pride of serving Mai Kujaku. Annoyed by her arrogance, he looked forward to beating her after Jonouchi.
 Yugi started to worry that Jonouchi might be getting too confident and was certain that Ryuzaki would soon Summon a monster stronger than "Flame Swordsman".
 12 turn: Ryuzaki 
 Ryuzaki failed to draw "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" again. Instead he Summoned " Crawling Dragon #2 " in Defense Mode.
 13th turn: Jonouchi 
 "Flame Swordsman" attacked and destroyed "Crawling Dragon #2". Jonouchi taunted Ryuzaki, asking if his cards were going extinct.
 14 turn: Ryuzaki 
 Ryuzaki finally drew "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and Summoned it. Jonouchi was surprised by its power and Yugi recognized it as a legendary rare card that collectors pay hundreds of thousands of yen for.
 "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" attacked and destroyed "Flame Swordsman" (Jonouchi: 665 → 65 Life Points).
 Jonouchi and his friends began to worry and Anzu asked Yugi if there was a way Jonouchi could still win. Yugi knew that the "Time Roulette" effect of "Time Wizard" could help Jonouchi win, but it only had a one-in-three chance of success. Honoring Jonouchi's wishes, he did not tell Jonouchi about this.
 15th turn: Jonouchi 
 
       "Time Wizard" uses it "Time Roulette".     
 Conscious that Jonouchi had "Time Wizard", without knowing how to use it, Ryuzaki imposed a wager, wherein the winner would take both "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and "Time Wizard". He knew that "Time Wizard" had beaten Mai before and hoped to be able to use it against her later. Jonouchi had forgotten that he had Set "Time Wizard" until Ryuzaki mentioned that. Tempted by the monetary value of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", he accepted. Mai was unhappy with the bet, but Ryuzaki insisted that he was not her slave.
 
         Ryuzaki's monsters fossilized.     
 Seeing such a fuss being made over "Time Wizard", Jonouchi realized that it must be powerful and with no other options, he decided to play it, without knowing exactly how it worked. First he Summoned a monster in Defense Mode. He then flipped the "Time Wizard", which spun its "Roulette of Time". The roulette stopped pointing at a win symbol, causing Ryuzaki's monsters no age thousands of years, turning them into fossils (Ryuzaki: 720 → 0 Life Points).
 
 Aftermath 
 Jonouchi's friends and Mai all cheered for Jonouchi. Anzu looked over at Mai, who embarrassingly let out an "oops". Having lost, Ryuzaki handed "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and 2 of his Star Chips to Jonouchi.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Axe Raider 
 Baby Dragon 
 Battle Steer 
 Flame Swordsman 
 |Rock Ogre Grotto #1 
 Swamp Battleguard 
 Unnamed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Time Wizard 
 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Crawling Dragon #2 
 Megasaurus 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Sword Dragon 
 Two-Headed King Rex 
 Uraby 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 18: " On My Own " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 19: " I Won't Lose! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 20: " The Ticking Clock! " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Jonouchi_VS_Ryuzaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160109163809', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/D-018_Stomp.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120915221807', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/D-019_Tokienzanken.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120916191121', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/D-020_Time_Roulette.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120917163746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/D-020_Fossilized.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120917163755']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga)