Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Morphtronic


 
 Morphtronic 
 Ｄ 「 ディフォーマー 」  ( Difōmā ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Morphtronic Boarden ", " Morphtronic Celfon " and " Morphtronic Remoten " in the artwork of " Morphtronics, Scramble! " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Deformer 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Morphtronique 
 
 
 German 
 Morphtronische 
 
 
 Italian 
 Morfotronico 
 
 
 Korean 
 2= D 「 디포머 」   Dipomeo   (romanized) Translation:  Deformer 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Morfotrônico(a) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Morfotrónico 
 
 
 Other names 
 ; Croatian Morftronski Thai ดีฟรอม์เมอร์ 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Crossroads of Chaos Crimson Crisis Raging Battle Ancient Prophecy The Shining Darkness Extreme Victory Secrets of Eternity 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal 2 Turbo Pack: Booster Three Yu-Gi-Oh! Advent Calendar Power of the Elements OTS Tournament Pack 20 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Demon Roar God Revival!! Duel Terminal - Justice Strikes Back!! Duelist Edition Volume 3 Duelist Edition Volume 4 Duelist Pack: Duelists of Pyroxene Animation Chronicle 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Morphtronic ", known as " Deformer " ( Ｄ   Difōmā ) in the Japanese version, is an  archetype  used by  Leo  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  and introduced in  Crossroads of Chaos . They are depicted in how they "morph" when they change their  battle position , which changes both their effect(s) and appearance (humanoid in  Attack Position ; item in  Defense Position ). They transform into small "electronic" household items, like magnets and mobile phones.
 The Japanese names of the "Morphtronics" are based on the names of the item in question (modified somehow, for example by dropping certain syllables), with an extra "n" added to the end. Thus, for example, "Datatron's" Japanese name is  Chakka n , from the word  chakka  ("ignition"). This naming scheme doesn't work as well for the international names, and the English names simply stick to certain suffixes (such as "-on") which are reminiscent of robot names in the  Transformers  franchise.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   Direct Attack OTK 
 2.2   Synchro Spam 
 2.3   Equip 
 2.4   Other 
 2.5   Weaknesses 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Morphtronic 
 Origin
 
 
 Boarden 
 Skateboard 
 
 
 Boomboxen 
 Boombox 
 
 
 Cameran 
 Camera 
 
 
 Celfon 
 Cellphone 
 
 
 Clocken 
 Alarm Clock 
 
 
 Datatron 
 Lighter / USB Flash Drive 
 
 
 Earfon 
 
 In-ear Headphones 
 
 
 Lantron 
 Flashlight 
 
 
 Magnen 
 Horseshoe Magnet 
 
 
 Magnen Bar 
 
 Bar Magnet 
 
 
 Radion 
 Radio 
 
 
 Remoten 
 MP3 player / Remote Control 
 
 
 Scannen 
 
 3D Printer 
 
 
 Scopen 
 Microscope 
 
 
 Slingen 
 Slingshot 
 
 
 Smartfon 
 Smartphone 
 
 
 Staplen 
 Stapler 
 
 
 Telefon 
 
 Landline Telephone 
 
 
 Vacuumen 
 Vacuum Cleaner 
 
 
 Videon 
 Video Camera 
 
 Playing style 
 "Morphtronics" are low in  Level  and have low  ATK  and  DEF , but many have effects that rapidly boost their stats and also  Special Summon  additional monsters. The deck also has the ability to perform multiple  Synchro Summons  in one turn.
 There are multiple difference strategies that the deck can use, but some of these may clash with each other due to necessary changes in monster lineup or limited deck space. It is, however, worth noting that a single decklist could have multiple strategies coexist.
 
 Direct Attack OTK 
 A common strategy is the "Morphtronic" Direct Attack OTK. This strategy focuses on getting " Radion ", " Boomboxen ", " Boarden " and " Celfon " together on the field in Attack Position. The ATK boost from "Radion" and the additional attack from "Boomboxen", in addition to the ability to attack directly from "Boarden" will result in exactly 8000 damage.
 "Celfon" can be used in addition to the variety of effects that revive "Morphtronic" monsters from the graveyard, such as " Repair Unit " and " Junk Box ", to easily get the required monsters onto the field. If "Celfon" is unavailable for whatever reason, " Smartfon " can easily take its place, but any fourth "Morphtronic" will do.
 These monsters can be protected with " Forcefield ". If the opponent stops the OTK, but the monsters remain on the field, they can be used as materials for Synchro,  Xyz  or  Link Summons . This is especially helpful if one of the monsters would be destroyed on the End Phase by "Junk Box".
 An alternative OTK strategy is to clear the opponent's field, use the effect of " Scopen " to easily summon " Ancient Sacred Wyvern ", then deal 2950 or more damage with other monsters before attacking directly with "Ancient Sacred Wyvern" to win. This damage can be easily reached by using additional Synchro or Link monsters, which the deck can summon easily.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boarden 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen 
 Morphtronic Celfon 
 Morphtronic Radion 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Scopen 
 Morphtronic Smartfon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black Rose Moonlight Dragon 
 Formula Synchron 
 Hi-Speedroid Chanbara 
 Old Entity Cthugua 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gear Gigant X Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D 
 Junk Box 
 Limiter Removal 
 Morphtronic Accelerator 
 Morphtronic Map 
 Morphtronic Repair Unit 
 One for One 
 Twin Twisters 
 Traps 
 Morphtronic Forcefield 
 Royal Decree 
 Synchro Spam 
 The fastest and most consistent variant is the Synchro Spam variant. The idea is to make use of "Celfon" along with " Machine Duplication " to summon various  Tuners , of which the deck has several. "Scopen" makes summoning Level 7 Synchros very easy, while "Smartfon" can be easily summoned to extend plays and add consistency to the deck. " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " can be summoned easily by using both "Scopen" and "Smartfon".
 Due to the rule changes made when introducing Link monsters to the game, a Link monster must be summoned first. " Missus Radiant " is a particularly easy one for the deck to summon, which can be combined with " Gaiasaber, the Virtual Knight " or " Proxy Dragon " when trying to summon monsters that require multiple Synchros as material, such as " Shooting Quasar Dragon ", " Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon ", or " Cosmic Blazar Dragon ".
 Alternatively, the  "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend" series  of Synchro monsters can be used, as the effects of " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity " and " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane " summon from the graveyard, circumventing the rules. If this is done, one must either use "Scopen" to summon a Level 7 Synchro (or use " Machina Fortress ") then use " Lantron " or "Smartfon" to summon " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", or use "Scopen" to summon " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", as it is the only Level 7 Synchro the deck can summon to satisfy the non-Tuner requirement.
 Use of cards like "Junk Box", "Repair Unit" and " D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation " allow the deck to make a large amount of additional summons, and therefore more Synchro Summons. " Power Tool Dragon " can be used to search for the latter two.
 The combination of revival spells and the effect of "Celfon", along with extra draws from " T.G. Hyper Librarian " can result in a full field of Synchro monsters.
 
Prior to the introduction of Link monsters, it was possible to summon "Shooting Quasar Dragon" using only "Celfon" and "Machine Duplication" in hand by using the 3 "Celfon" to summon 2 "Scopen" and "Lantron" or "Smartfon". A combination of revival spells in hand or summoning " Remoten " to  banish  a "Celfon" to search for "Smartfon" can be used in the event of unlucky rolls. 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gadget Gamer 
 Gadget Hauler 
 Morphtronic Celfon 
 Morphtronic Slingen 
 Morphtronic Staplen 
 Machina Fortress 
 Toon Cannon Soldier 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Lantron 
 Morphtronic Remoten 
 Morphtronic Scannen 
 Morphtronic Scopen 
 Morphtronic Smartfon 
 Morphtronic Telefon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Morphtronic Earfon 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Power Tool Braver Dragon 
 Accel Synchro Monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Missus Radiant 
 Platinum Gadget Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation 
 Foolish Burial 
 Junk Box 
 Machine Duplication 
 Morphtronic Accelerator 
 Morphtronic Converter 
 Morphtronic Repair Unit 
 One For One 
 Toon Table of Contents 
 Twin Twisters 
 Traps 
 Life Extreme 
 Jar of Avarice 
 King's Consonance 
 King's Synchro 
 Equip 
 The final major variant focuses on  Equip Spell Cards .
 This build is relatively simple. It focuses on summoning monsters like "Power Tool Dragon", " Morphtronic Vacuumen ", " Videon " or "Boomboxen", all of which have effects that make good use of cards like " United We Stand ", " Mage Power ", " Double Tool C&D " to reach ridiculous ATK values. "Boarden" may then allow the boosted monster to attack directly, if it isn't "Power Tool Dragon".
 " Moon Mirror Shield " is an option to defeat powerful monsters without using too many equips.
 These equips can be recycled by using " Power Break " or " Jar of Avarice ", or one can summon " Life Stream Dragon " to use them for protection.
 Cards like " Accelerator ", "Royal Decree" and "Twin Twisters" are recommended in order to stop your opponent from countering the strategy.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen 
 Morphtronic Boarden 
 Morphtronic Staplen 
 Morphtronic Vacuumen 
 Morphtronic Videon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Scopen 
 Morphtronic Smartfon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Morphtronic Earfon 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Power Tool Braver Dragon 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D 
 Mage Power 
 Moon Mirror Shield 
 Morphtronic Accelerator 
 Swords at Dawn 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Armory Call 
 Royal Decree 
 Other 
 Stall  cards, such as " Magnen " and " Bind ", as well as  burn  cards, such as " Clocken " and " Datatron " are also present in the archetype, but lack enough support to be viable.
 
 Weaknesses 
 Due to the deck's reliance on special summoning via revival spells and monster effects, cards like " Lose 1 Turn ", " Summon Breaker ", " Skill Drain ", " Power Filter ", " Macro Cosmos ", " Anti-Spell Fragrance " and " Imperial Order " cause issues for the deck, among others. Effectively, most popular and unpopular  floodgates . Cards like "Twin Twisters" and "Accelerator" must be used to clear these cards from the field first.
 Additionally, the archetype lacks any first-turn plays aside from having "Scopen" and a Level 4 monster, or "Celfon" with "Machine Duplication" in its starting hand, due to revival spells, "Remoten" and "Smartfon" only working if there are monsters in the  Graveyard . One can mitigate this by using cards like " Foolish Burial ", "Machina Fortress", or " Brilliant Fusion " with " Gem-Knight Seraphinite ".
 Cards like " Maxx "C" " and " Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring " can force an early end to the player's turn. However, notably, " Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit " does not. This is a common misconception due to "Ghost Ogre" stopping the effect of " Gagaga Cowboy ", who has an effect similar to a "Morphtronic" monster. However, "Morphtronic" monsters check their battle position upon effect  activation , not  resolution , so the effect will still apply as normal.
 As most good "Morphtronic" monsters are  Machine  monsters, " System Down " is an extremely powerful counter to the deck, especially due to its reliance on revival effects. " Chimeratech Fortress Dragon " can by used to strong effect against all but the Synchro Spam variant. " Power Tool Dragon " and " Morphtronic Forcefield " cannot prevent this because they are all being used as  Fusion Material Monsters .
 The Equip variant can be hampered with cards like " Dark Highlander ", " Eternal Rest ", " Really Eternal Rest ", " The Emperor's Holiday ", " Armored Glass ", " Armor Break ", " Disarmament " and " Collected Power ".
 
 Trivia 
 All members of this archetype are  Machine   monsters , except for the following:
 Pyro  - "Morphtronic Datatron" 
 Thunder  - "Morphtronic Magnen", "Morphtronic Magnen Bar", and "Morphtronic Radion". 
   
" Morphtronic " 「 Ｄ 」 Members 
 Morphtronic Boarden Morphtronic Boomboxen Morphtronic Cameran Morphtronic Celfon Morphtronic Clocken Morphtronic Datatron Morphtronic Earfon Morphtronic Lantron Morphtronic Magnen Morphtronic Magnen Bar Morphtronic Radion Morphtronic Remoten Morphtronic Scannen Morphtronic Scopen Morphtronic Slingen Morphtronic Smartfon Morphtronic Staplen Morphtronic Telefon Morphtronic Vacuumen Morphtronic Videon 
 Gadget Box Morphtronic Accelerator Morphtronic Bind Morphtronic Converter Morphtronic Cord Morphtronic Engine Morphtronic Forcefield Morphtronic Impact Return Morphtronic Map Morphtronic Mix-up Morphtronic Monitron Morphtronic Repair Unit Morphtronic Rusty Engine Morphtronics, Scramble! 
 Support 
 Gadget Arms Gadget Driver Gadget Gamer Gadget Hauler Morphtronic Boarden Morphtronic Boomboxen Morphtronic Cameran Morphtronic Celfon Morphtronic Earfon Morphtronic Radion Morphtronic Remoten Morphtronic Scannen Morphtronic Scopen Morphtronic Slingen Morphtronic Smartfon Morphtronic Telefon 
 Double Tool C&D Factory of 100 Machines Junk Box Morphtransition Morphtronic Accelerator Morphtronic Bind Morphtronic Converter Morphtronic Cord Morphtronic Engine Morphtronic Forcefield Morphtronic Impact Return Morphtronic Map Morphtronic Mix-up Morphtronic Monitron Morphtronic Repair Unit Morphtronic Rusty Engine Morphtronics, Scramble! Power-Up Adapter 
 Related 
 Power Tool Braver Dragon Power Tool Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Morphtronic " 「 Ｄ 」 a   Members 
 Morphtronic Accelerator Morphtronic Bind Morphtronic Boomboxen Morphtronic Cameran Morphtronic Celfon Morphtronic Clocken Morphtronic Cord Morphtronic Datatron Morphtronic Engine Morphtronic Impact Return Morphtronic Lantron Morphtronic Magnen Morphtronic Magnen Bar Morphtronic Map Morphtronic Monitron Morphtronic Radion Morphtronic Remoten Morphtronic Scopen Morphtronic Staplen Morphtronic Vacuumen Morphtronic Videon Morphtronics, Scramble! 
 Support 
 Block Lock Double Tool C&D Factory of 100 Machines Gadget Driver Gadget Hauler Junk Box Morphtransition Morphtronic Accelerator Morphtronic Bind Morphtronic Boomboxen Morphtronic Cameran Morphtronic Celfon Morphtronic Cord Morphtronic Engine Morphtronic Impact Return Morphtronic Magnen Morphtronic Map Morphtronic Monitron Morphtronic Radion Morphtronic Remoten Morphtronic Scopen Morphtronics, Scramble! Power-Up Adapter Remake Puzzle 
 Related 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Morphtronic " 「 Ｄ 」 m   Members 
 MDT - Morphtronic Double Team Morphtronic Celfon Morphtronicize 
 Support 
 MDT - Morphtronic Double Team Morphtronic Master Arm Morphtronicize Tool Box 
 Related 
 Power Tool Mecha Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/MorphtronicsScramble-TF05-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110115110729']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)