Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yugi_Muto_(Duel_Links)


 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 武藤遊戯 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 The Journey's Beginning The Journey's Extension The Journey's Apex The Magical Journey The Magnet Warriors The Rock-Hard Warriors Silent Magnets 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Dan Green 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shunsuke Kazama 
 
 
 
 Yugi Muto  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yugi Muto , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 13 of Duel World (DM), at which point his Character Unlock Missions become available. Prior to January 18, 2018, he was exclusive to the  special event   Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom , only being able to be unlocked during the event. He also appeared as a roaming Duelist in some special events.
 White  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Yugi Muto at the  Gate . During the special event Welcome to Toon World, Star Chips are required instead.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Roaming Duelist (first event) 
 
 4.3.1   Level 10 
 4.3.2   Level 20 
 4.3.3   Level 30 
 4.3.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.4   Roaming Duelist (second event) 
 
 4.4.1   Level 30 
 4.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.5    Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 4.5.1   Partner Deck 
 
 
 4.6    Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 
 4.6.1   Special Deck 
 
 
 4.7   The Shadow Memories: Bakura 
 
 4.7.1   Level 20 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 
 6.1   Roaming Duelist (first event) 
 
 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yugi Muto was a quiet, game-loving high school student leading an ordinary life... until he solved the  Millennium Puzzle . Now destiny has opened the path to an unimaginable journey! His signature card is the mighty " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction " that has the power to wipe out everyone.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Achieve 1 Win with 1000 or less LP left in Duels against Yami Yugi at level 30 using Seto Kaiba.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 Win(s) with 1000 or less LP left in Duels against Joey Wheeler at level 30 using Yami Yugi.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 No Damage Win(s) in Duels against Seto Kaiba at level 30 using Yami Yugi.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 Win(s) against Yami Yugi at level 30 using Joey Wheeler.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Use Level 7 or higher Monster Cards 2 times(s) in one Duel using Yami Yugi.
 
 3 SR Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 White Keys
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Terra the Terrible  x3 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Armaill  x3 
 Torike  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto #1  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 
 Phantom Dewan  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gandora the Dragon of Destruction  (glossy) 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 The Journey's Beginning Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Curtain of the Dark Ones  x3 
 Happy Lover  x2 
 Lady of Faith  x3 
 One Who Hunts Souls  x3 
 Phantom Dewan  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (3) 
 Traps 
 Shattered Axe  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 The Journey's Extension Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior  x3 
 One Who Hunts Souls  x3 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Torike  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Invigoration  x2 
 Remove Trap 
 Traps 
 Shattered Axe  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 The Magnet Warriors Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 The Rock Spirit 
 Guardian Statue  x2 
 Blockman  x3 
 Sphere Kuriboh  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Union Attack  x2 
 Canyon 
 Traps 
 Castle Walls  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 The Rock-Hard Warriors Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior 
 Giant Soldier of Stone  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 The Rock Spirit  x2 
 Golem Sentry  x2 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Sphere Kuriboh Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Order to Charge  x2 
 Traps 
 Release from Stone  x2 
 A Feint Plan 
 Roaming Duelist (first event) 
 Level 10 
 
 The Journey's Beginning Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Curtain of the Dark Ones  x3 
 Happy Lover  x2 
 Lady of Faith  x3 
 One Who Hunts Souls  x3 
 Phantom Dewan  x3 
 Phantom Ghost  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (3) 
 Traps 
 Shattered Axe  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 The Journey's Extension Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior  x3 
 One Who Hunts Souls  x3 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Torike  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Invigoration  x2 
 Remove Trap 
 Traps 
 Shattered Axe  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 The Journey's Apex Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blockman  x3 
 Gandora the Dragon of Destruction 
 Minoan Centaur 
 Sphere Kuriboh  x3 
 Toy Magician  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Union Attack  x3 
 Traps 
 Castle Walls  x2 
 Labyrinth of Nightmare 
 Level 40 
 
 The Magical Journey Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Alchemist of Black Spells  x2 
 Dark Red Enchanter 
 Maiden of Macabre  x2 
 Mythical Beast Cerberus  x3 
 Silent Magician LV4  x3 
 Silent Magician LV8 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Magical Blast 
 Spell Power Grasp  x3 
 Wonder Wand  x3 
 Traps 
 Pitch-Black Power Stone 
 Roaming Duelist (second event) 
 Level 30 
 
 The Magnet Warriors (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 The Rock Spirit 
 Guardian Statue  x2 
 Blockman  x3 
 Sphere Kuriboh  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Union Attack  x2 
 Canyon 
 Traps 
 Castle Walls 
 Level 40 
 
 The Rock-Hard Warriors (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Effect Monsters 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 The Rock Spirit  x2 
 Golem Sentry  x2 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Sphere Kuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Order to Charge  x2 
 Traps 
 Release from Stone  x2 
 A Feint Plan 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Partner Deck 
 Skill: "Silent Swordsman Advent" (If your team has less than 2000 Life Points, play 1 " Silent Swordsman LV7 " on the field at the beginning of Yugi Muto's turn. The Skill can only be used once per Duel.)
 
 
 Silent Magnets Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Silent Swordsman LV3  x3 
 Silent Swordsman LV5  x2 
 Silent Swordsman LV7 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Level Up!  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Silent Sword Slash  x2 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Shattered Axe 
  Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 Special Deck 
 Skill: "Silent Advent"
 
 
 Silence of the Duelist Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crusader of Endymion  x2 
 Defender, the Magical Knight  x2 
 Maha Vailo  x2 
 Silent Magician  x3 
 Silent Magician LV8 
 Witch of the Black Forest  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Power of the Guardians  x2 
 Swords of Revealing Light  x2 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder  x2 
 Mirror Force  x2 
 The Shadow Memories: Bakura 
 Level 20 
 
 I'll Risk My Life Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian  x2 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gandora the Dragon of Destruction 
 Green Gadget  x3 
 Red Gadget  x3 
 Witch of the Black Forest  x2 
 Yellow Gadget  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Blue Medicine 
 De-Spell 
 Red Medicine 
 Traps 
 Magician's Circle 
 Soul Rope 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yugi Muto reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Shattered Axe "
 
 
 4
 
 Grandpa's Cards ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Celtic Guardian "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Alpha The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Giant Soldier of Stone "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 The Tie that Binds ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Different Dimension Capsule "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Beta The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Oath of Companionship "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Restart ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Gamma The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Different Dimension Capsule "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Beta The Electromagnet Warrior "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of  " Dark Red Enchanter "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gem
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Magnet Reverse "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Relinkuriboh "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yugi Muto, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gamma The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Toy Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Magical Blast "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Rain of Mercy "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Union Attack "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Minoan Centaur "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Alpha The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Beta The Magnet Warrior "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Blockman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Beaver Warrior "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Castle Walls "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Shattered Axe "
 
 Roaming Duelist (first event) 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Rain of Mercy "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Union Attack "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Magical Blast "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Toy Magician "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Beaver Warrior "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Castle Walls "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Shattered Axe "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Blockman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Minoan Centaur "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Grandpa's Cards
 
 Begin Duel with 5  Exodia  pieces in your Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of your turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Access Denied
 
 Can be used from your 5th turn onward, when you have 1000 or less Life Points. Until the end of your opponent's next turn, neither player can Summon an Effect Monster nor activate the effects of their monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Determination to Fight
 
 Apply either of the following effects. Then, place 1 " Gandora Giga Rays the Dragon of Destruction " or 1 " Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition " to your Graveyard from outside of your Deck.
 Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add 1 " Gandora " monster from your Deck to your hand. You can also Normal Summon 1 "Gandora" monster in addition to your regular Normal Summon during this turn. 
 Send 1 " Gadget " monster from your field to the Graveyard, and then play 1 "Silent Magician LV4" or 1 "Silent Swordsman LV3" from outside of your Deck. 
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 10 "Gadget", "Silent Swordsman", or "Silent Magician" monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and thrice per Duel.
 
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 My Monster Cards
 
 If your Deck has 6 or more Level 4 or lower monsters with different names, you will have better chances of having a Level 4 or lower monster in your starting hand.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Silent Duelist
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck, and play "Silent Magician LV4" or "Silent Swordsman LV3" from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 The Dragon Knight's Path
 
 Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck. Place 1 "Galloping Gaia" face-up from your Deck. After using this Skill, you can only Special Summon the following monsters until the end of the next turn. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has at least 8 cards that are "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters or Level 5 Dragon-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 Fusion Monsters that use "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters as Fusion Material 
 "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters 
 "Black Luster Soldier" monsters 
 Level 5 Dragon-Type monsters 
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Master of Rites: Super Soldier
 
 Select 1 Ritual Monster from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 " Super Soldier Synthesis " from your Deck to your hand If you send "Black Luster Soldier" to your Graveyard, you can place 1 face-down " Super Soldier Rebirth " to your field from your hand or Deck. You can only Special Summon Ritual Monsters during this turn and you can only activate 1 monster's effect during the main Phase until the Battle Phase. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has a total of at least 9 cards and at least 6 types of "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monsters or monsters that include "Black Luster Soldier" in their card text. Can be used from your 2nd turn onward. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Yugi says "It's our destiny to duel, and this is one duel that I must win!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yugi says "I'll never forget you, my friend. Never." 
 Yami Bakura 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Bakura , Yugi says "For everything I hold dear, I can't afford to lose this duel!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yugi says "It's over for you, Bakura!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yugi Summons " Dark Magician " (except  Arkana's "Dark Magician" ), a cut-in frame of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces "I summon Dark Magician!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Dark Magician" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Dark Magician" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Magician, attack!" followed by "Dark Magic Attack!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ", a cut-in frame of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Gandora the Dragon of Destruction!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Gandora the Dragon of Destruction" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Gandora the Dragon of Destruction" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora's special ability!" followed by "Boundless Gigarays!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora's special ability!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Magician ", " Silent Magician LV4 ", or " Silent Magician LV8 ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Summon Silent Magician!". However, when Summoning "Silent Magician LV8", if that player hasn't already Summoned "Silent Magician LV8" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Silent Magician LV8" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with one of those monsters, he announces "Silent Magician attack!" followed by "Silent Burning Attack!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Buster Blader ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces, "Come, My All-Powerful Buster Blader!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Buster Blader, attack!" followed by "Dragon Sword!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Swordsman ", " Silent Swordsman LV3 ", " Silent Swordsman LV5 ", or " Silent Swordsman LV7 ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Summon Silent Swordsman!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with one of those monsters, he announces "Silent Swordsman, attack!" followed by "Silent Slash!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Valkyrion the Magna Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior, attack!" followed "Magnet Saber!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces, "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior's special effect activates!" followed by "I can Special Summon Alpha, Beta, and Gamma the Magnet Warriors from the Graveyard!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Alpha the Magnet Warrior ", he announces "I Summon a Magnet Warrior!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Blockman ", he announces "I Summon Blockman!"
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blockman's special effect activates!" followed by "Deconstruction!" 
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with " Curse of Dragon ", he announces "Curse of Dragon, attack!" followed by "Dragon Flame!" 
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with " Summoned Skull ", he announces "Summoned Skull, attack!" followed by "Lightning Strike!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Toy Magician ", he announces "I have other magicians you may not be familiar with. I Summon Toy Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Toy Magician, attack!" followed by "Block Demolition!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yugi activates " Gold Sarcophagus " he announces "I activate my Spell, Gold Sarcophagus!" 
 When Yugi activates " Magician's Circle ", he announces, "My Trap Card activates! Magician's Circle!" 
 When Yugi activates " Mirror Force " he announces "Too bad, but my face down card is..." followed by "Mirror Force!" 
 When Yugi activates " Mystic Box ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Mystic Box!" 
 When Yugi activates " Pot of Greed " he announces "I activate Pot of Greed!" 
 When Yugi activates " Silent Burning " he announces "I activate a Quick-Play Spell, Silent Burning!" 
 When Yugi activates " Soul Rope ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Soul Rope! I Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from my Deck!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Yugi activates the effect of " Marshmallon ", he announces "Marshmallon's effect activates! The attacking player takes 1000 points of damage!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yugi activates " Marshmallon Glasses ", he announces "The Spell Card, Marshmallon Glasses!" 
 When Yugi activates " Spell Shattering Arrow " he announces "Now's my chance, Spell Shattering Arrow!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Duel Monsters  (DM) counterpart of  Yugi Muto (DSOD) . 
 Initially, Yugi Muto (DM) did not have a 3D cutscene for " Dark Magician ". But as of September 26, 2019, the cutscenes for "Dark Magician" and its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart have made available when summoned by Yugi Muto (DM). 
 When  Yami Yugi  and Yugi Muto (DM) Duel each other, they both make several references to the  Ceremonial Battle  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. 
 When Yugi Summons " Toy Magician ", he mentions that the player may not be familiar with it, referencing the fact that Yugi only used it in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  manga. Its  attack name  also comes from that manga. 
 While Yugi has card dialogue for the Silent Magician Monsters (" Silent Magician ", " Silent Magician LV4 ", and " Silent Magician LV8 ") and Silent Swordsman Monsters (" Silent Swordsman ", " Silent Swordsman LV3 ", and " Silent Swordsman LV5 ", and " Silent Swordsman LV7 "), respectively, his card dialogue remains unchanged when he summons or declares an attack with the monsters belonging to the aforementioned archetypes. 
 Yami Yugi,  Seto Kaiba (DM) , Yugi Muto (DM),  Odion ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Yubel ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Reginald Kastle  are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of the Duelist(s) themselves. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Carly Carmine ,  Antinomy , and  Yuma and Astral  are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM),  Joey Wheeler (DM) , Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami , Jesse Anderson, Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo,  Jack Atlas , Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Antinomy,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and  Yami Bakura  are the characters who possess a Skill that grants them an  automatic victory . 
 Téa Gardner (DM) , Yugi Muto (DM), and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) are the Legendary Duelists who did not gain additional card-specific dialogue when their respective  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterparts were introduced to  Duel Links . 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor , Bandit Keith,  Ishizu Ishtar , Odion,  Maximillion Pegasus ,  Arkana , Espa Roba,  Scud ,  Prana , Dr. Vellian Crowler, Syrus Truesdale, and Sartorius Kumar are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Blair Flannigan , Leo, and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction , Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yugi Muto  (Yugi Mutou) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Millennium Duels 
 Destiny Board Traveler 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/YugiMuto-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/290?cb=20180331132907', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Profile-DULI-YugiMuto.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306183029', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/Icon-DULI-YugiMuto.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301163934', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Icon-DULI-YugiMuto2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301171716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/CutIn-DULI-YugiMuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314194508', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/Summoning-DULI-YugiMuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/Defeat-DULI-YugiMuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307144717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yugi Muto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters