Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jonouchi_and_the_Chopman%27s_deathmatch


 
 Jonouchi and the Chopman's deathmatch 
 
 
 
 
 Jonouchi and the Chopman's deathmatch 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Deathmatch 
 
 
 Players 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Chopman 
 
 
 Orchestrator(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Death T-2 
 
 
 Location 
 Murderer's Mansion 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 32: " " Chainsaw Deathmatch!! " " 
 
 
 
 Jonouchi and the Chopman's deathmatch  was an event in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .  Katsuya Jonouchi  faced the  Chopman  in a  deathmatch  to save  Johji  in the final part of  Death T-2 .
 The match took place in a small chamber in the basement of the  Murderer's Mansion , with both players chained together. The floor was covered in oil which served as a slip hazard. The rules were after  Kaiba  gave the signal, the players could select weapons for the ceiling by standing on the podium and use them to fight to the death.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 Considering cruelty to be an asset at  KaibaCorp , Kaiba hired the serial killer, the Chopman, to work in this stage of Death-T.
 After  Yugi  and his friends survived the  bllood puzzle  in the Murderer's Mansion, Johji was kidnapped by the Chopman and taken to the basement. Johji was taken to a chamber where he was sat on a podium and used as bait to lure one of Yugi's friends inside.
 When Yugi, Jonouchi,  Anzu  and  Honda  found Johji, he pretended that he was safe and alone and asked them to come and get him. However the others didn't believe him and were convinced it was a trap. Frustrated, Johji told the Chopman that he didn't think they were coming in. Hearing Johji speaking with someone else, the others assumed the Chopman must have been in the room with him.
 Kaiba appeared on a TV screen on the Chopman's stomach and spoke with Yugi and his friends. Threatening to let the Chopman kill Johji, Kaiba told them to select one person to enter the room to play a game with the Chopman. Being Johji's uncle, Honda prepared to step forward, but Jonouchi asked that he do it instead. Despite his dislike for Johji, he wanted to repay him for saving their lives in the earlier stages of Death-T.
 The door slammed shut after Jonouchi entered the room, but there was still a window for his friends to watch. As Jonouchi went over to collect Johji, Johji slipped a handcuff over Jonouchi's wrist, chaining him through a ring on the podium and onto the Chopman. He apologized, saying Kaiba made him do it and he didn't want to die.
 Kaiba explained the rules and gave the signal for the players to start.
 
 The game 
 The Chopman stood up on the podium to select his weapon. Judging by the size of the Chopman, Jonouchi knew he wouldn't stand a chance in a fair fight regardless of which weapon he choose. Planning on picking the lock on his handcuff, he asked his friends if they had some kind of wire.
 The Chopman choose the chainsaw and chased after Jonouchi. Jonouchi found it hard to run on the oil and the Chopman pulled him closer by yanking on the chain. The Chopman swung the chainsaw, but got it stuck in the podium. While he tried to free it, Jonouchi used the time to find a way to pick the lock.
 He asked his friends if they had anything pointy he could use. The  Millennium Puzzle  flashed for a brief moment and Yugi got the idea to use a candle stick holder and pointed Jonouchi to one on the wall. Jonouchi was able to pick the lock on the handcuff, but still had no way to open the door. However Yugi told him of a plan.
 Jonouchi attached the handcuff to the door and inserted the candle into it. After the Chopman freed his chainsaw, he pulled at the chain once more trying to pull Jonouchi closer to him. However he yanked the door out of its place. Jonouchi was then able to exit the chamber, while the candle hit the oil on the floor, setting it alight and incinerating the Chopman.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 31: " Murderer's Mansion " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 32: " Chainsaw Deathmatch!! " 
 v e 
 Death-T Players 
 Dark Yugi  ( anime ) 
 Johji 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  ( anime ) 
 Hiroto Honda  ( anime ) 
 Anzu Mazaki  ( anime ) 
 Yugi Mutou  ( anime ) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Blue 
 Chopman 
 Daimon 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Mokuba Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Seto Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Bob McGuire 
 " Name unknown " 
 Games 
 Death T-1 (Stardust Shootout) 
 Death T-2 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Deathmatch 
 Death T-3 (Rhythm Rock) 
 Death T-4 (Virtual  Capsule Monster Chess ) 
 Death T-5 (Virtual  Duel Monsters ) 
 Locations 
 Dome Duel Arena 
 Horror Zone 
 Kaiba Land 
 Murderer's Mansion 
 Room of falling cubes 
 Second Arena 
 Space Zone 
 Other events 
 Kaiba Land grand opening 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 Category 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/Death-T-2.3.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130606194250']
Categories: Death-T, Games (events)