Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Reactor


 
 Reactor 
 リアクター  ( Riakutā ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Trap Reactor・Y FI ", " Spell Reactor・RE ", " Summon Reactor・SK " and " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " in the artwork of " Delta Reactor " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Réacteur 
 
 
 German 
 Reaktor 
 
 
 Italian 
 Respingi Translation:  Repeller 
 
 
 Korean 
 리액터   Riaekteo   (romanized) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Reactor 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Crimson Crisis Extreme Victory Structure Deck R: Machine Dragon Re-Volt 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 "Reactor"  (リアクター  Riakutā ) is an  archetype  of  Machine   monsters  from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . They are used by  Greiger  in the anime. Their effects inflict 800  damage  to the opponent when they play a particular type of card. All Reactors except " Summon Reactor・SK "  destroy  the designated card, but none of the "Reactors"  negate  the effect of the card.
 The lettered suffixes of " Summon Reactor・SK ", " Trap Reactor・Y FI ", and " Spell Reactor・RE " spell out "SKY FIRE". Together they combine to Summon " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE ". In the Japanese version, the Reactors are called "Summon Reactor・AI", "Trap Reactor・RR", and "Magic Reactor・AID". Their suffixes spell "AIRRAID", while "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" is "Giant Bomber Airraid".
 Visually, they are all based off of WWII-Style aircraft, specifically bombardment-type or fighter/bomber aircraft. They were released in the  Pack ,  Crimson Crisis , and are solely supported by the OCG/TCG effect of " Dark Flattop ".
 
 Playing style 
 The use of "Reactors" can force an opponent into a difficult situation, especially when multiple "Reactors" are on the  field . Simply playing cards will cause the opponent to take damage, and the  effects  of the "Reactors" destroying them will make playing  Equip ,  Continuous  and  Field Cards  very difficult.  This can be especially detrimental to  Different Dimension ,  "Uria" and "Hamon" , " Volcanic " and other Decks that rely on such cards. The main weakness of "Reactors" is that the lower- Level  monsters have a survivability issue (which is partially mitigated by " Fake Explosion "), so to be effective a Deck involving "Reactors" must rely upon cards that can block or stall an opponent's  attacks  until " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " can be Summoned. Both can be Summoned with " Mystic Tomato ", being  DARK  monsters.
 All of the "Reactors" are DARK, so cards such as " Dark Armed Dragon " may be very useful in  tight situations.
 It is known that this archetype is not well-supported. The best known combo is using " Black Salvo " to  Special Summon  " Trap Reactor・Y FI " in order to  Synchro Summon  " Dark Strike Fighter ".
 " Dark Flattop " provides an easier method to Special Summon "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" after it is destroyed.
 Since the "Reactors" have good field control, they would be good in field control based Decks. However they would take up most of the card spaces, so your main purpose of the "Reactors" should be getting "SKY FIRE" out.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Summon Reactor・SK 
 Trap Reactor・Y FI 
 Spell Reactor・RE 
 Flying Fortress SKY FIRE 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive 
 Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" 
 Solar Wind Jammer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Black Salvo 
 Genex Ally Birdman 
 Genex Ally Remote 
 Karakuri Komachi mdl 224 "Ninishi" 
 Karakuri Strategist mdl 248 "Nishipachi" Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Cyber Saurus 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Dark Flattop 
 Dark Strike Fighter 
 Genex Ally Axel 
 Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei" 
 Karakuri Steel Shogun mdl 00X "Bureido" 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gear Gigant X 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Downbeat 
 Foolish Burial 
 Heavy Metal Raiders 
 Instant Fusion 
 Iron Call 
 Limiter Removal 
 Overload Fusion 
 Solidarity 
 Trade-In 
 Transmodify 
 Traps 
 Fake Explosion 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Dark Reactor Deck 
 The Dark Reactor Deck takes the advantage that all the three "Reactors" are  DARK . The monster can be easily Summoned using " The Dark Creator " or replaced by means of " Phantom of Chaos ". Because in this approach it is necessary to bring them into the  Graveyard  we can make use of " Foolish Burial ", " Armageddon Knight " and " Dark Grepher ". " Allure of Darkness ", " Trade-In " and " Reinforcement of the Army " can easily speed up the Deck.
 
   
" Reactor " 「リアクター」 Members 
 Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Reactor Slime Spell Reactor・RE Summon Reactor・SK Trap Reactor・Y FI 
 Psychic Reactor 
 Support 
 Dark Flattop 
 Related 
 Dark Strike Fighter Flying Fortress SKY FIRE 
 Fake Explosion 
 
 v e 
 Reactor  リアクター a   Members 
 Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Banish Reactor Damage Reactor Delta Reactor Raidraptor - Reactor Speed Spell - Reactor Pod Spell Reactor・RE Spirit Reactor Summon Reactor・SK Trap Reactor・Y FI 
 Related 
 Dark Flattop Fake Explosion Flying Fortress SKY FIRE 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/DeltaReactor-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140103123532']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)