Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_024


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 024 
 
 
 
 
 The powered up " Rise Falcon " prepares to obliterate the  LID  elite. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 反逆の翼　レイド・ラプターズ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hangyaku no Tsubasa - Reido Raputāzu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Wings of Rebellion - Raid Raptors 
 
 
 English 
 For Our Tomorrows 
 
 
 Number 
 024 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 21, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 September 24, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 22, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " For Our Tomorrows ", known as " The Wings of Rebellion - Raid Raptors " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 21, 2014 and in Australia on November 22, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on November 6, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2016. 
 The  Leo Institute of Dueling  continues on the search for the true culprit of the attacks, spearheaded by  Declan . Because of this a Duel is set between  Shay  against  Julia ,  Dipper  and  Kit . Meanwhile,  Yuto  appears in front of  Zuzu  and reveals a series of shocking truths!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Dipper O'rion, Julia Krystal and Kit Blade 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Cast 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Mistakes 
 7   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 At  LID , an employee reports that  Dipper O'rion  is en route to Sector TF13, while another states that  Julia Krystal  has entered Sector ZX97, and a third states that  Kit Blade 's location is unknown; it seems he is outside of the mission's search area.  Claude  orders them to get Kit back immediately, muttering that this is why he was against using students from the Duel School.  Declan  arrives in the control room, ordering his staff to continue monitoring the students, musing that  they  will show themselves. 
 
       Yuya  and  Sora  playfully tussel.     
 In the streets,  Sora  suggests a party to celebrate his getting into the  Junior Arc League Championship , but  Yuya  reminds him that he's still got one match left, so the celebrations are on hold until he wins it. Sora is horrified that they won't get a party if Yuya loses, and Yuya jokingly grabs him in a headlock, Sora commenting that he really wants to eat some cake (in the dub, Sora says he already ordered a cake). Yuya reassures him that once he's won, he'll let Sora eat cake until he's sick of it as  Ally ,  Frederick  and  Tate  laugh.  Zuzu , meanwhile, is standing off to the side, looking at her " Polymerization " card, and remembering  Yuto  telling her that it didn't suit her. Then she sees Julia running down an alley, and decides to follow her. Tate asks where Zuzu is going, and Zuzu reassures them that she just remembered something that she has to do. Sora (still in a headlock) asks if she's getting the cake, as Zuzu tells them to go home without her. 
 Julia walks nervously down an empty street, where rows of crows are perched on the rooftops. She stops short as she sees  Shay  standing in the middle of the street. He asks if she's alone, and when she doesn't respond, Shay asks where the "brat" and the girl from last time are (Sora and Zuzu). Julia replies that she doesn't know, and she admits that she'd always thought that it was the black masked man who had attacked  Professor Marco , angrily asking what Shay did with Professor Marco. Shay is honestly confused until Julia explains that he was the LID teacher that taught her  Fusion Summoning , and he dismissively comments that Marco wasn't that good, and that his lack of experience showed in his weak and flimsy combat style. Julia yells at him to shut up, as Professor Marco is her teacher and she won't forgive Shay for belittling him. Shay retorts that it wasn't just Marco, but everyone that he Dueled from LID was flimsy and pathetic; in not one of their Duels did Shay sense an iron determination or a steeled strength. Julia (and the LID watchers) ask if that means that he attacked the other students, and Shay confirms it. He tells Julia that if she won't forgive him, she should sate her grudge by defeating him (in the dub, Shay says if Julia really wants to find out, she'll have to beat him in a Duel to get the answers), and he activates his  Duel Disk . Claude informs Declan that the team is at his command. Julia quickly contacts Kit and Dipper, telling them that she's located the target. Dipper responds affirmatively, and Kit breaks off his practice match with  Gong , apologizing and telling him to finish up the rest on his own. 
 Meanwhile, Zuzu wanders through an alleyway, but then Yuto steps out, telling her that he can't let her go any further.
 Shay realizes that Julia has called in her friends, and warns her that she underestimates him if she thinks that two more will suffice. Julia reassures Shay that he's already well-known at LID, and since she knows what Shay looks like, she was set as bait, waiting for Shay to appear. Simply put, Shay fell for their trap. Dipper agrees as he arrives, reassuring Julia that they would avenge Professor Marco. Kit screeches to a halt, suggesting that they finish this before the top team shows up; if they manage to catch the criminal themselves, their opportunities will widen. Julia is touched by the support. Kit suggests to Shay that they go with  Battle Royal  rules; none of them will be able to draw or battle in their first turn. Shay replies that that's fine by him, and he'll finish Julia and her friends all off at once. In the alleyway, Yuto explains that he doesn't want his friend to be interrupted. Zuzu asks if he means the one from back then and if he's fighting Julia now. Julia and her friends activates their Duel Disks, and all four Duelists yell "Duel!"
 
       Shay  with three " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius ".     
 Commenting that the first strike wins, Dipper tells Julia to get him. Declaring her turn, Julia Summons " Gem-Knight Lapis ," and then she  Sets  a card to end her turn. Kit tells Shay that he's up next, and Shay begins his turn by Summoning " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius ." Then he activates the effect of "Vanishing Lanius," allowing him to  Special Summon  another copy from his hand since he  Normal Summoned  or Special Summoned the first one this turn. Next, Shay activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Raidraptor - Nest ," which when he controls two " Raidraptor " with the same name allows him to add a third copy from his Deck to his hand. Then, with the effect of the second "Vanishing Lanius" on his field, he Special Summons the third from his hand, and Sets two cards to end his turn. 
 Zuzu begs Yuto to stop Shay as he did the last time, and asks why he is now unwilling. Yuto replies that she doesn't need to know, and that he doesn't want to involve her (in the dub, he says it's too late). Zuzu tries to run past him, but Yuto grabs her wrist, protesting that he doesn't want her to get hurt.
 Dipper starts his turn, explaining that if his opponent controls a monster and he does not, he can Special Summon " Constellar Siat " from his hand. Then he Normal Summons " Constellar Pollux ," whose effect allows him to Normal Summon an additional " Constellar " monster this turn, and he Normal Summons " Constellar Algiedi " and activates its effect, Special Summoning a  Level 4  or lower "Constellar" monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Constellar Kaus ." Dipper mentions that Shay uses  Xyz Monsters  as well, and the fact that Shay is using them to commit crimes is a great inconvenience. Dipper says he will defeat Shay not only to restore honor to Xyz Summoning, but also to prove that LID Xyz-users are superior. He activates the effect of "Kaus," and "Kaus" fires an arrow of light into the sky, raining down light on itself and "Algiedi" as Dipper increases both of their  Levels  by one. Then he  overlays  the now  Level 5  "Algedi" and "Kaus," and he  chants , "Light of the stars, come descend and shake this very earth! Xyz Summon!  Rank 5 !  Constellar Pleiades ! ((Dub) "The light of distant stars shatters the dark of night. I Xyz Summon  Constellar Pleiades !")" Next, Dipper activates the  Spell Card  " Constellar Twinkle ," increasing "Pollux's" Level by two, to  6 , and then activates the effect of "Siat," which can make its own Level equal to that of a "Constellar" monster he controls. Overlaying the Level 6 "Pollux" and "Siat," Dipper chants (not in the dub), "Rain down your dazzling light! Xyz Summon! Appear now,  Rank 6 !  Constellar Ptolemy M7 !" Kit cheers that Dipper performed two consecutive Xyz Summons, and Julia congratulates him. Reassuring them that he's just begun, Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades," using one  Overlay Unit  to send one of Shay's "Vanishing Lanius" back to his hand. Further, he activates the effect of "Ptolemey," detaching an Overlay Unit to send one of Shay's monsters back to his hand, and choosing the second "Vanishing Lanius." Ending his turn, Dipper tells Kit, whose turn is next, that they're counting on him. Kit tells them to leave everything to him. 
 Zuzu asks Yuto why he's saying that he doesn't want her to get hurt when Yuto goes and hurts other people. Yuto gasps, and looks away. Yanking her arm out of his grip, Zuzu asks if he's saying that it's fine if Julia gets hurt. She asks who he and Shay are. 
 Kit Summons " XX-Saber Boggart Knight ," and activates its effect, Special Summoning a Level 4 or lower " X-Saber " monster from his hand. He Special Summons the  Level 1   Tuner monster  " X-Saber Palomuro ." Next, since he controls two or more "X-Saber" monsters, he can Special Summon " XX-Saber Faultroll " from his hand. "Boggart Knight" and "Palomuro" cross their swords which then emit lightning, creating a portal from which "Faultroll" emerges. Kit tells Shay that now that he's seen LID's Xyz, he'll show him LID's  Synchro , and he  tunes  the Level 4 "Boggart Knight" with the Level 1 "Palomuro," chanting "Appear now, Level 5!  X-Saber Wayne !" He says that he's just begun, since when "Wayne" is Summoned, he can Special Summon a Level 4 or lower  Warrior - Type  monster from his hand. "Wayne" fires a blast of energy from his pistol at the ground, and Kit Special Summons the  Level 3  Tuner monster " XX-Saber Fulhelmknight ," who twirls his chain sword as he emerges from the portal. Then Kit activates the effect of "Faultroll," allowing him to revive a Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from his  Graveyard , and he revives "Palomuro;" "Faultroll" stabs its sword into the ground to open the return portal for "Palomuro." Yelling that the "real deal" is coming, Kit tunes the Level 6 "Faultroll" with the Level 3 "Fulhelmknight," chanting (not in the dub) "Let your silver armor shine! Crush the hope of all who oppose you! Synchro Summon! Come forth!  Level 9 !  XX-Saber Gottoms !" Then Kit tunes the Level 5 "Wayne" with the Level 1 "Palomuro," and he chants (not in the dub), "Clothed in your red mantle, take your foes down with your dancing blade! Synchro Summon! Come forth! Level 6!  XX-Saber Hyunlei !" 
 Exchanging glances with Dipper, he activates the effect of "Hyunlei;" when she's Synchro Summoned, Kit can destroy up to three  Spell  or  Trap Cards  Shay controls. "Hyunlei" throws three daggers, destroying "Raidraptor - Nest," and Shay's Set " Unicorn Beacon " and " Raidraptor - Readiness ." Dipper seizes the chance to activate the effect of "Pleiades" again, detaching its last Overlay Unit to return Shay's final "Vanishing Lanius" from the field to his hand. Julia is amazed that they've left Shay's field wide open, but Kit exclaims that he's  still  not done; he'll use his forbidden technique on Shay (in the dub, he says he's calling in reinforcements). He activates the Spell Card " Gottoms' Second Call ," which allows him to revive two "X-Saber" monsters from his Graveyard with their  ATK  and  DEF , and he brings back "Wayne" and "Faultroll," then he also uses the effect of "Faultroll" to revive "Fulhelmknight." "Faultroll" stabs its sword into the ground again and "Fulhelmknight" emerges, twirling his sword. Next he activates the effect of "Gottoms," which allows him to  Tribute  an "X-Saber" monster to discard a card from Shay's hand. He Tributes "Fulhelmknight," "Faultroll" and "Wayne" to have Shay discard his entire hand, and all three monsters are absorbed into the sword of "Gottoms." "Gottoms" then swing his blade to create an energy wave that impacts with Shay's hand and causes his cards to glow purple. Unfazed, Shay discards all three of his "Vanishing Lanius." Julia cheers that Shay's hand is gone now too (cut from the dub). In the LID observation room, Claude is pleased, admitting that perhaps the students were as skilled as they claimed.
 Zuzu emphatically asks Yuto who they are what they want. He explains that they're after  their friends , who had been captured by their enemy. Zuzu gasps, and she asks if he means  Lulu . Yuto reacts in shock. 
 Kit tells Dipper that they might be even stronger than the LID top team, and Dipper muses that if they defeat Shay, they'll be promoted to the ace position instantly. Suggesting that they conclude the game, Kit ends his turn, telling Julia to finish him. Julia thanks her friends, and then reminds Shay that she can draw from his turn onwards. She draws, and then she activates " Gem-Knight Fusion ,"  fusing  "Gem-Knight Lapis" on her field with " Gem-Knight Lazuli " in her hand, chanting, "Blue gem veiled in a mysterious power, come before us in a peal of light! Fusion Summon! Level 5!  Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli ! ((Dub) " Two   gems  sparkle together, illuminating a new stone! I Fusion Summon,  Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli !")" Shay narrows his eyes furiously at the sight of the  Fusion Monster . 
 Zuzu reminds Yuto that Shay had called her Lulu, remembering her encounter with Shay. She asks if Lulu is one of their captured comrades, and if she looks like her. Yuto removes his mask, admitting that he'd initially thought what Shay had, but Zuzu is not Lulu, as Lulu would never employ  the enemy's  summoning method.
 Julia activates the effect of "Gem-Knight Lazuli"; when it's sent to the Graveyard, she can return one  Normal Monster  from her Graveyard to her hand, and she returns "Lapis." Then she activates the effect of "Gem-Knight Fusion," which she can return to her hand by banishing a " Gem-Knight " monster from her Graveyard. She banishes "Gem-Knight Lazuli," and then activates "Gem-Knight Fusion" again. This time, she fuses " Gem-Knight Alexandrite ," " Gem-Knight Emerald ," and "Gem-Knight Lapis", chanting, "Gem with facets of noon and night! Brilliant emerald of good fortune! Bring forth a new light within a hidden blue gem! Fusion Summon! Appear now, one who illuminates all with its supreme radiance! Level 9!  Gem-Knight Master Diamond ! ((Dub) " Magical rock of dark and light !  Gleaming green knight of good fortune !  Lavender gem of wisdom ! Combine your brilliance to forge a blinding new brightness! I Fusion Summon the mighty  Gem-Knight Master Diamond !")" Kit cheers at the sight of Julia's  ace monster , and Dipper tells a furious Shay that this is LID's Fusion Summoning. 
 Zuzu is shocked to find out that Fusion Summoning is Yuto and Shay's enemy, as she learned Fusion Summoning to protect  her school , and her friends. Yuto flinches in surprise. 
 Julia explains that "Gem-Knight Master Diamond" gains 100 ATK for each " Gem- " monster in her Graveyard. With three, its ATK rises to 3200. Then she activates the effect of "Lapis Lazuli;" once per turn, she can send another "Lapis Lazuli" from her  Extra Deck  to her Graveyard, in order to inflict damage to Shay equal to half of the current ATK of "Lapis Lazuli" in addition to 100 times the number of Extra Deck monsters on the field. With six monsters and half of the 2400 ATK of "Lapis Lazuli," Shay will take 1800 damage. "Lapis Lazuli" fires a sphere of light from its chest orb, reducing Shay to 2200  LP . Dipper clamors for the finishing blow, and Kit tells Julia to finish Shay off. Julia activates "Master Diamond's" other effect, banishing a  Level 7  or lower "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from her Graveyard to have "Master Diamond" gain its effects until the end of the turn (In the dub, she adds that it was taught to her by Prof. Marco, and it'll teach Shay not to mess with her). She banishes her second "Lapis Lazuli" and then she immediately activates the newly acquired effect of "Master Diamond," sending her third "Lapis Lazuli" to the Graveyard. With that, Shay takes the 100 damage for each Extra Deck monster on the field plus half of "Master Diamond's" 3300 ATK - 2250 damage in total. "Master Diamond" swings its sword, creating a rainbow-colored shockwave, and Kit cheers that they won. But Shay activates the effect of the Trap Card in his Graveyard, "Raidraptor - Readiness." By banishing it from his Graveyard, he can make his LP 10 and reduce the effect damage to zero. Kit is furious that Shay dodged the damage, though Dipper points out that Shay only has 10 LP, so if Julia attacks, but before he could finish, Shay reveals that "Readiness" also prevents any  battle damage  this turn. Frustrated, Julia ends her turn. 
 Shay comments that as he thought, he doesn't feel an iron determination or a steeled strength in their Dueling (in the dub, he compares them as lambs to himself being a lion). Kit isn't happy to hear that, and Dipper is amazed that Shay can be so arrogant when in such a compromised position. Shay affirms this, saying that they were always badly beaten and fighting on the edge. The LID students have no idea what Shay is talking about, as Shay muses that they always had to stand up again, until they finally overwhelmed and defeated their enemies. He declares his turn furiously, screaming as he draws, and the crows flee the area. Shay activates " Dimension Xyz ;" when his LP is 1000 or less and there are three of the same card in his hand, field, or Graveyard, he can use those monsters as materials to Xyz Summon. He overlays the three "Vanishing Lanius" in his Graveyard, and he chants, "Obscured falcon, from adversity, raise your sharpened claws! Spread your wings of rebellion! Xyz Summon! APPEAR NOW!  Rank 4 !  Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ! ((Dub) "From the shadows, the falcon soars on wings of courage, talons ready for the rebellion! I Xyz Summon! Witness the ascent of  Raidraptor - Rise Falcon !")" The  Winged-Beast  screeches as it hovers above Shay, standing with 100 ATK. Dipper and Julia are shocked at the ATK value. Shay explains that "Rise Falcon" can attack all Special Summoned monsters on the field. Kit asks Shay how he proposed to beat them with such a low ATK monster.
 Shay simply activates the monster effect of "Rise Falcon." By detaching one Overlay Unit, "Rise Falcon" gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls. One of "Rise Falcon's" Overlay Units explodes in front of the LID's students' monsters, and multicolored energy streams rise from them and cover "Rise Falcon" in flames. "Rise Falcon" combines its 100 ATK with the  2700 ,  2500 ,  3300 ,  2400 ,  3100 ,  2300  ATK from the opponent's monsters, finishing at  16400 ATK , for a total gain of 16300 ATK. Dipper repeats the value in a daze (in the dub, he stutters instead), and both Kit and Julia gasp in horror. Shay declares his  Battle Phase . He orders "Raidraptor - Rise Falcon" to rend and tear all of their enemies, and it attacks with " Ravaging Rebellion ." Soaring above the city, "Rise Falcon" crashes into all six of the LID students' monsters, wiping them out in a massive explosion. Dipper, Kit, and Julia are all blasted backwards, their LP reduced to zero in an instant as Shay looks on impassively.
 Yuto explains to Zuzu that they too are fighting to protect their friends, in order to end this conflict and create a world where no-one has to be hurt. Yuto doesn't want to involve Zuzu in that conflict, but if she has no choice but to fight, he wants her to survive, even if it means using Fusion Summoning. He reassures her that the her that trying to protect her friends and to grow stronger isn't wrong, and he smiles. Zuzu is struck by Yuto's resemblance to Yuya, remembering Yuya telling her that she was trying to change herself into a different Zuzu from up until now. Yuto states that he'll continue to fight, with Lulu and his comrades, in order to save their future. He admits that Zuzu is a lot like Lulu. Zuzu asks who Lulu is as wind begins to blow in the alleyway. Yuto explains that Lulu is one of their comrades, and Shay's younger sister. Zuzu asks Yuto his name, and he tells her that it's Yuto, before vanishing into the winds. Zuzu repeats Yuto's name. 
 Shay stands over the defeated students before hearing a noise behind him; Claude and five other LID members are standing there. Shay mutters that it took them long enough, but he's tired of such inept opponents (in the dub, he says he doesn't run from anyone) and demands to meet their boss. Declan arrives and declares that if he's wanted, he's right there, and his employees step aside as he walks towards Shay determinedly. 
 
 Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Dipper O'rion, Julia Krystal and Kit Blade 
       Shay against the LID elite.     
 This  Duel  is conducted as a  Battle Royal . Therefore, no one may  attack  or conduct their  Draw Phase  on their first  turn .
 Turn 1: Julia 
 Julia   Normal Summons  " Gem-Knight Lapis " (1200/100) and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Shay 
 Shay  Normal Summons " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " (1300/1600). As it was Normal or  Special Summoned  this turn, he  activates  its effect to Special Summon a second copy of "Vanishing Lanius" from his hand in  Attack Position . He then activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Raidraptor Nest ". As he  controls  two " Raidraptor "  monsters  with the same name, this lets him  add  a third copy of that card from his  Deck  or  Graveyard  to his  hand . He adds a copy from his Deck. Shay then activates the effect of the second "Vanishing Lanius" to Special Summon a third copy of "Vanishing Lanius" from his hand in Attack Position. Shay  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 3: Dipper 
As his opponent controls a monster and  Dipper  does not, he Special Summons " Consteller Siat " (100/1600) from his hand in Attack Position via its own  effect . He then Normal Summons " Constellar Pollux " (1700/600). Its effect allows Dipper to Normal Summon another " Constellar " monster in addition to his regular Normal Summon/Set this turn. He Normal Summons " Constellar Algiedi " (1600/1400). As "Algiedi" was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting him Special Summon a  Level  4 or lower "Constellar" monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Constellar Kaus " (1800/1700) in Attack Position. Dipper activates the effect of "Kaus" twice, to increase or decrease the Level of a "Constellar" monster by 1. He  targets  "Kaus" and "Algiedi", increasing their Levels by 1 each. Dipper  overlays  his two Level 5  LIGHT  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Constellar Pleiades " (2500/1500) in  Attack Position . He then activates the Spell Card " Constellar Twinkle " to increase the Level of a "Constellar" monster he controls by 2; he targets "Pollux". Dipper activates the effect of "Siat", which lets it change its Level to that of another "Constellar" monster he controls; he targets "Pollux". Dipper overlays his two Level 6 monsters to Xyz Summon " Constellar Ptolemy M7 " (2700/2000) in Attack Position. Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to  return  a card on the field to its  owner 's hand; he returns a copy of "Vanishing Lanius" to Shay's hand. He then activates the effect of "Ptolemy M7", detaching an Overlay Unit to return a card on the field or either player's Graveyard to the owner's hand; he returns a second copy of "Vanishing Lanius".
 Turn 4: Kit 
 Kit  Normal Summons " XX-Saber Boggart Knight " (1900/1000). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower " X-Saber " monster from his hand. He Special Summons the  Tuner monster  " X-Saber Palomuro " (200/300). As he controls two "X-Saber" monsters, he Special Summons " XX-Saber Faultroll " (2400/1800) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Kit  tunes  "Boggart Knight" to "Palomuro" to  Synchro Summon  " X-Saber Wayne " (2100/400) in Attack Position. As it was Synchro Summoned, its effect activates, letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower  Warrior - Type  monster from his hand. He Special Summons " XX-Saber Fulhelmknight " (1300/1000). He then activates the effect of "Faultroll" to Special Summon a Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from his Graveyard; he Summons "Palomuro". Kit tunes "Faultroll" to "Fulhelmknight" to Synchro Summon " XX-Saber Gottoms " (3100/2600) in Attack Position. He tunes "Wayne" to "Palomuro" to Synchro Summon " XX-Saber Hyunlei " (2300/1300) in Attack Position. As it was Synchro Summoned, its effect activates, letting him  select  and  destroy  up to three of Shay's  Spell  and  Trap Cards . Kit destroys "Raidraptor - Nest" and Shay's two Set cards (" Raidraptor - Readiness " and " Unicorn Beacon "). Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit to return Shay's last copy of "Vanishing Lanius" to the hand. Kit activates " Gottoms' Second Call ", letting him Special Summon two "X-Saber" monsters from his  Graveyard  with their  ATKs  reduced to 0. He Special Summons "Faultroll" (2400 → 0/1800) and "Wayne" (2100 → 0/400). Kit activates the effect of "Faultroll", Special Summoning "Fulhelmknight". Kit activates the effect of "Gottoms" three times, letting him  Tribute  an "X-Saber" monster to  discard  a  random  card from Shay's hand. He Tributes "Fulhelmknight", "Faultroll" and "Wayne" to force Shay to discard his three copies of "Vanishing Lanius".
 Turn 5: Julia 
Julia activates " Gem-Knight Fusion ",  fusing  "Lapis" from her field and " Gem-Knight Lazuli " from her hand to  Fusion Summon  " Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli " in Attack Position. As it was  sent  to the Graveyard via a card effect, the effect of "Lazuli" activates, letting Julia return a  Normal Monster  from her Graveyard to her hand. She returns "Lapis". Julia then activates the effect of the "Gem-Knight Fusion" in her Graveyard, letting her  banish  a "Gem-Knight" monster to add "Gem-Knight Fusion" to her hand. She banishes "Lazuli". Julia activates "Gem-Knight Fusion", fusing " Gem-Knight Alexandrite ", " Gem-Knight Emerald " and "Gem-Knight Lapis" in her hand to Fusion Summon " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " (2900/2500) in Attack Position. It gains 100 ATK for each " Gem- " monster in Julia's Graveyard (2900 → 3200/2500). Julia activates the effect of "Lapis Lazuli", sending another copy of "Lapis Lazuli" from her  Extra Deck  to the Graveyard (3200 → 3300/2500) to inflict  damage  to Shay equal to half of that monster's ATK, plus 100 for each monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck on the field, meaning 6, so Shay takes 1800 damage (Shay: 4000 → 2200). Julia activates the effect of "Master Diamond", banishing a Level 7 or lower "Gem-Knight"  Fusion Monster  from her Graveyard (3300 → 3200/2500) to allow it to copy the name and effect of the banished monster. She banishes "Lapis Lazuli". Julia activates the inherited effect of "Master Diamond" (under the name of "Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli"), sending her last "Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli" from her Extra Deck to the Graveyard (3200 → 3300/2500) to inflict damage to Shay equal to half its ATK, plus 600 damage, meaning 2250. Shay activates the effect of the "Raidraptor - Readiness" in his Graveyard, banishing it and making his  LP  10 (Shay: 2200 → 10) to reduce the effect damage to 0, also he takes no  battle damage  for the rest of the turn.
 Turn 6: Shay 
Shay  draws  and activates " Dimension Xyz ". As he has 1000 or less LP, he can use three monsters with the same name from his hand, field or Graveyard to Xyz Summon a monster; he uses the three copies of "Vanishing Lanius" in his Graveyard, overlaying his three Level 4  Winged Beast -Type monsters to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " (100/2000) in Attack Position. Shay activates its effect, detaching an Overlay Unit to increase its ATK by the total ATK of all Special Summoned monsters his opponents control until the end of this turn. The six monsters' combined ATK is 16300 (100 → 16400/2000). The other effect of "Rise Falcon" lets it attack all Special Summoned monsters Shay's opponents control once each. It attacks and destroys all six monsters (Kit: 4000 → 0, Dipper: 4000 → 0, Julia: 4000 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius  x3 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dimension Xyz 
 Raidraptor - Nest 
 Unicorn Beacon 
 Traps 
 Raidraptor - Readiness 
 
 Julia Krystal Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Lapis 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Alexandrite 
 Gem-Knight Emerald 
 Gem-Knight Lazuli Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli  x3 
 Gem-Knight Master Diamond Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gem-Knight Fusion 
 
 Kit Blade Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 XX-Saber Boggart Knight 
 XX-Saber Faultroll 
 Tuner monsters 
 X-Saber Palomuro 
 XX-Saber Fulhelmknight Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 X-Saber Wayne 
 XX-Saber Gottoms 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gottoms' Second Call 
 
 Dipper O'rion Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Algiedi 
 Constellar Kaus 
 Constellar Pollux 
 Constellar Siat Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Constellar Twinkle 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Flashback Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Duel School advertisements Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Infernal Flame Emperor 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Yuto 
 
 Manpei Takagi 
 
 Yuto
 
 Michael Liscio Jr.
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Nakajima 
 
 Yūki Hayashi 
 
 Claude 
 
 
 
 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Shun Kurosaki 
 
 Yamato Kinjo 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 Matt Shipman 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi  
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamishrio 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 
 Trivia 
 This Duel mirrors the one in  episode 7 . Yuto and Shay are both Dueling their first fully shown Duel of the series and are Dueling LID students that have previously Dueled main characters and Summon multiple monsters by the Summoning method their monsters specialize in in one turn. They both play every card in their hand during their first turn (three of which are copies of the same card), have them all sent to the  Graveyard  through monster effects, use an effect from the Graveyard to defend themselves, use copies of the same card for an Xyz Summon, and use their Xyz Monster's effect to increase its ATK based on the opponent's monster(s). 
 Mistakes 
         "Ptolemy M7" on the Duel Disk.     
 During  Dipper 's speech before the effect of " Constellar Kaus " is  activated  on  turn  3, " Constellar Ptolemy M7 " is shown on his  Duel Disk  despite his not having Summoned it yet. This was corrected in the Dub. 
 When Shay Xyz Summons "Rise Falcon", its card can be seen on the Duel Disk a moment before it's placed there. This, too, was corrected in the Dub. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Des jours meilleurs
 
 
  German 
 Für unsere Zukunft
 
 
  Italian 
 Tre contro Uno
 
 
  Korean 
 반역의 날개, 레이트 래프터즈
 
 
  Thai 
 ปีกแห่งปฏิปักษ์ เรด แร็พเตอร์
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/ArcV_024.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140921190201', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/Yuya_and_Sora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150320011345', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Shunand3VanishingLanius.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140921193505', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Kurosaki_VS_Masumi%2C_Hokuto_%26_Yaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140921175858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/ARC-V024_ConstellarError.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140921193737', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes