Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Frog

For the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime character, see  Frog (character) .      
 
 
 Frog 
 ガエル  ( Gaeru ) 
 
 
 
 
 " D.3.S. Frog ", three " Treeborn Frogs " and three " Des Frogs " all in the artwork of "D.3.S. Frog" 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 蛙 
 
 
 French 
 Grenouille 
 
 
 German 
 Frosch 
 
 
 Italian 
 RANA 
 
 
 Korean 
 개구리   Gaeguri   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Sapo Translation:  Toad 
 
 
 Spanish 
 RANA 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Cybernetic Revolution Shadow of Infinity Light of Destruction Crimson Crisis Stardust Overdrive The Shining Darkness Extreme Victory Invasion: Vengeance Cybernetic Horizon 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Champion Pack: Game Four Dark Revelation Volume 4 Gold Series 2009 OTS Tournament Pack 3 Duelist Saga Structure Deck: Freezing Chains 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Extra Pack Volume 2 Rarity Collection Premium Gold Edition Structure Deck: Ice Barrier of the Frozen Prison 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Frog " (ガエル  Gaeru ) is an  archetype  of  WATER   Aqua   monsters  that debuted in  Cybernetic Revolution . This was both the first WATER archetype and the first Aqua archetype. The archetype is used by  Princess Rose  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. The " Toad " series is a related series of monsters that support the "Frog" archetype.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Weaknesses 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 True to their their name, the general design of "Frog" as well as the related "Toad" monsters resemble their real-life counterparts. Some "Frog" monsters like " Flip Flop Frog " and " Poison Draw Frog " showcase their long, sticky tongues in their artwork. Most of the "Frog" and Toad monsters have distinctive colorful markings on their bodies and heads, most notably " Swap Frog ", " Dupe Frog ", " Beelze Frog ", and " Ronintoadin ".
 Some "Frog" and Toad monsters resemble angels like " Treeborn Frog , while others resemble demons like "Beelze Frog" and "Swap Frog". This thematic resemblance to angels and demons is further highlighted by the contrasting half-angel, half-demon appearances of " Substitoad " and " Tradetoad ".
 
 Etymology 
 The Japanese name of the "Frog",  Gaeru  archetype derives from a  voiced  form of the word for "frog",  Kaeru , which in turn is used for the names of "Toad" monsters. In most of the  TCG ,  Gaeru  is translated to words for "frog", while  Kaeru  to words for "toad" to avoid ambiguity. In the Portuguese version, however, the reverse is true: "Frog" is translated as "Sapo" (which in fact means  toad ), while "Toad" is called "Rã" ( frog ). In the Japanese version, members of both the "Frog" archetype and the "Toad" series have their name be puns based on  Gaeru / Kaeru  and various expressions, chiefly verbs, that happen to have  gaeru / kaeru  as part of them.
 
 Members 
 
 
 English name 
 Japanese name (romaji) 
 Japanese name (translation) 
 Japanese pun (translation)
 
 
 Beelze Frog 
 Amagaeru 
 Devil Frog 
 Japanese tree frog 
 
 
 Centerfrog 
 Negaeru 
 Sleeping Frog 
 "to switch sides or to betray"
 
 
 D.3.S. Frog 
 Gaeru Sandesu 
 Frog Three-Death 
 "I'm Mr. Frog"
 
 
 Des Frog 
 Desugaeru 
 Death Frog 
 "to come across"
 
 
 Dupe Frog 
 Machigaeru 
 Evil Wisdom Frog 
 "to make a mistake"
 
 
 Flip Flop Frog 
 Uragaeru 
 Reverse Frog 
 "to be turned inside-out"
 
 
 Poison Draw Frog 
 Hikigaeru 
 Draw Frog 
 Japanese common toad 
 
 
 Submarine Frog 
 Michigaeru 
 Unknown Frog 
 "to be hardly recognized"
 
 
 Swap Frog 
 Onigaeru 
 Ogre  Frog 
 "to change clothes"
 
 
 T.A.D.P.O.L.E. 
 Otamajakushi 
 Anagram of "evil, soul, vice, pain, stop" 
 Tadpole 
 
 
 Treeborn Frog 
 Yomigaeru 
 Underworld  Frog 
 "to be revived"
 
 
 Unifrog 
 Kangaeru 
 Penetrating Frog 
 "to think about"
 
 Playing style 
 Though with weak stats, "Frog" monsters are very versatile and their effects include rapid Summoning, the option to increase their ATK or protect themselves from destruction, and wiping out all cards the opponent controls, with " Des Croaking ". Many "Frog" cards have low Levels, which lets them benefit from cards like " Gravity Bind ", " Wetlands ", " Pride of the Weak " and " Graceful Revival ".
 One card that kept "Frogs" versatile and powerful was " Substitoad ", but after  Frog FTK  won the  2010 World Championships , it was  Forbidden , so many "Frog" Decks lost their supreme speed.
 Before " Monarch " monsters gained support through recent years, they were commonly combined with monsters like "Treeborn Frog", "Swap Frog" and "Ronintoadin", that could provide fodders for the Tribute Summons. This granted them popularity and competitive viability and the Deck became known as  Frog Monarch .
 Another popular combination is " Sea Lancer ". It can equip itself with as many banished Aqua, Fish and Sea Serpent monsters as possible, which raises is ATK by 1000 and those targets can be easily provided by "Ronintoadin". It can send an equipped monster to the Graveyard to prevent its destruction and by sending a " Dupe Frog " or " Poison Draw Frog ", it is possible to prevent a loss in card advantage, by drawing a card or search/retrieve a "Frog" monster.
 In 2016, with the  Invasion: Vengeance  Booster Pack, the archetype gained its boss monster, " Toadally Awesome ", a very solid Xyz that is able to negate the activation of cards and effects, steal the negated card, Special Summon a "Frog" monster from the Deck and retrieve a WATER monster when it is sent to the Graveyard. Combined with the " Paleozoic " Trap Cards, that can Summon themselves from the Graveyard as Level 2 Aqua monsters, the Deck rapidily gained popularity and competitive relevance, which later resulted in "Toadally Awesome" becoming  Limited  in the OCG.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Megalosmasher X 
 Effect Monsters 
 Swap Frog 
 Dupe Frog 
 Ronintoadin 
 Poison Draw Frog 
 Flip Flop Frog 
 Submarine Frog 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Tin Goldfish 
 Silent Angler Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Toadally Awesome 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Gachi Gachi Gantetsu 
 Daigusto Phoenix 
 Number 96: Dark Mist 
 Number 29: Mannequin Cat 
 Cat Shark 
 Link Monsters 
 Mistar Boy 
 Mermail Abyssalacia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Level Limit - Area B 
 Moray of Greed 
 Salvage 
 Traps 
 Paleozoic  Trap Cards 
 Gozen Match 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Weaknesses 
 Cards such as " Zombie World " can be used to prevent "Toadally Awesome" from being Summoned. Card effects that banish cards that would be sent to the Graveyard, such as " Masked HERO Dark Law " and " Dimensional Fissure ", greatly hamper the strategies of "Frog" Decks.
 
 Trivia 
 " Froggy Forcefield " is not a "Frog" card, because it does not have 「ガエル」 in its Japanese name. " Slime Toad ", previously known as "Frog the Jam", is also not a "Frog" card because of its Japanese name, and was renamed to clarify this. Until that erratum, all cards that mentioned a "Frog" monster had the sentence "except 'Frog the Jam'",  which made that monster become a meme  among players.
 
   
" Frog " 「ガエル」 Members 
 Beelze Frog Centerfrog D.3.S. Frog Des Frog Dupe Frog Flip Flop Frog Poison Draw Frog Submarine Frog Swap Frog Treeborn Frog Unifrog 
 Support 
 Dupe Frog Flip Flop Frog Ronintoadin Substitoad Swap Frog Toadally Awesome Tradetoad Unifrog 
 Froggy Forcefield 
 Related 
 T.A.D.P.O.L.E. 
 Des Croaking Wetlands 
 
 v e 
" Frog " 「ガエル」 a   Members 
 Amphibian Angel - Mifrog D.3.S. Frog Des Frog Treeborn Frog Unifrog 
 Support 
 Amphibian Angel - Mifrog Unifrog 
 Related 
 Des Croaking T.A.D.P.O.L.E. 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/D3SFrog-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120420022529']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)