Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Evigishki


 
 Evigishki 
 イビリチュア  ( Ibirichua ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Evigishki Mind Augus " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Eviritua 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Evigishki 
 
 
 German 
 Evigishki 
 
 
 Italian 
 Evigishki 
 
 
 Korean 
 이비리추어   Ibirichueo   (romanized) Translation:  Eviritua 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Evigishki 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Malgishki 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Hidden Arsenal 5: Steelswarm Invasion Hidden Arsenal 7: Knight of Stars Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Raid of the Inverz!! Duel Terminal - Judgment of Omega!! Duel Terminal - Xyz Startup!! Duel Terminal - Sacred Star Knights!! Duel Terminal - Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! Photon Hypernova +1 Bonus Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 " Evigishki " (or just " Gishki " on certain cards), known as " Eviritua " (イビリチュア  Ibirichua ) in Japan, is a  series  mainly composed of  WATER   Ritual Monsters  (and, more recently,  Xyz Monsters too ) that is part of the " Gishki "  archetype . They are  Ritual Summoned  using one of the numerous "Gishki"  Ritual Spell Cards , most prominently " Gishki Aquamirror ". They receive implicit  support  from "Gishki" support cards, but have no true support cards of their own.
 
 Members 
 All "Evigishki" monsters are corrupted, transformed or even combined versions of pre-existing "Gishki" monsters with each other or with monsters from another archetype or a monster from another archetype that was transformed/revived as an "Evigishki".
 
 
 
 Card
 
 Monster
 
 
 Gishki
 
 Other
 
 
 Ariel 
 
 Gishki Reliever 
 
 Evigishki Mind Augus 
 
 
 Beast 
 
 Gishki Avance 
 
 Evigishki Levianima 
 
 
 Emilia 
 
 Gishki Aquamirror 
 
 Evigishki Gustkraken 
 
 
 Musto, Oracle of Gusto 
 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 
 
 Noellia 
 
 lswarm  Virus
 
 (Evi) Gishki Psychelone 
 
 
 Vylon Tetra 
 
 Evigishki Tetrogre 
 
 
 Photomirror 
 
 Steelswarm Hercules 
 
 (Evi) Gishki Zielgigas 
 
 
 Vision 
 
 Gishki Shadow 
 
 Evigishki Soul Ogre 
 
 Playing style 
 The  Levels  and  ATKs  of the "Evigishki" Ritual Monsters cover a wide range, from Level 4 and 2150 ATK with " Gishki Psychelone " all the way up to Level 10 with 3200 ATK with " Gishki Zielgigas ". Their  effects  primarily focus on controlling where cards are located, taking away options from your opponent and making it harder for them to get those options back while giving you much easier access to your own. Some, like " Evigishki Gustkraken ", only work upon being Ritual Summoned, while others, like " Evigishki Tetrogre ", can be used  turn  after turn.
 Despite the wide variety of Levels of these Ritual Monsters, performing their Ritual Summons can be achieved with a single  Tribute  by using either " Gishki Shadow " or " Gishki Vision ", which both possess an effect that allows them to cover the entire cost of the Ritual Summon by themselves, as well as being able to search out the required Ritual Spell and Ritual Monster, respectively.
 " Evigishki Merrowgeist " is an  Xyz Monster  and, so far, the only one non-Ritual Monster of the "Evigishki" series. It can be easily  Xyz Summoned  by using the effect of " Gishki Beast " and is very useful against monsters that activate their effects by being sent from the Field to the Graveyard: by detaching one of its  Xyz Materials  after Damage Calculation, you can shuffle that monster back into the Deck, a strategy that follows the standard game-play of the "Gishki" Archetype.
 Though "Gishki Zielgigas" and "Gishki Psychelone" don't have the prefix "Evi-" in their English names, both have "イビ-" in their Japanese names and are thus included in this series.
 
 v e 
 Gishki  cards 
   
" Gishki " 「リチュア」 Members 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Merrowgeist Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Chain Gishki Diviner Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Mollusk Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror Ritual Buster Ritual Weapon Spiritual Forest 
 Support 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Aquamirror Focalization Aquamirror Illusion Aquamirror Meditation Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror 
 Related 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz El Shaddoll Apkallone Evilswarm Ketos Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Judge of the Ice Barrier Lavalval Chain Musto, Oracle of Gusto Naelshaddoll Ariel Revealer of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Steelswarm Hercules Vylon Tetra Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz 
 After the Storm Aquamirror Cycle Contact with the Aquamirror Creeping Darkness Nekroz Mirror Poisonous Winds Spell Wall 
 
   
 Evigishki  イビリチュア Members 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Merrowgeist Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Psychelone Gishki Zielgigas 
 Related 
 Musto, Oracle of Gusto Steelswarm Hercules Vylon Tetra 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/EvigishkiMindAugus-TF05-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120425004056']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Ritual Monster(s), Series with Xyz Monster(s)