Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:All-Eyes_Phantom_Dragon


 All-Eyes Phantom Dragon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Manga 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Manga 
 In  Scale 38 ,  Yuya Sakaki  uses this card during his duel against  G.O.D . He  Tributes  " Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon ", " Dark Anthelion Dragon ", " Clearwing Fast Dragon " and " Starving Venemy Dragon " to Special Summon this card from his hand. In the  following chapter , this card attacks " Genesis Omega Dragon ", but G.O.D. uses His namesake monster's effect to negate the attack and end the turn by placing " Nova Portal " from His Extra Deck onto one of His vacant  Pendulum Zones . But because this card's attack was negated, its effect ends G.O.D.'s turn at His  Standby Phase , and goes straight into Yuya's next Battle Phase. G.O.D. again uses His monster's effect to negate this card's attack and end the turn by placing the other face-up "Nova Portal" in His  Extra Deck  onto His other vacant Pendulum Zone. This similarly ends G.O.D's next turn and begins Yuya's next turn at his Battle Phase. At this point, "Genesis Omega" has 8000 ATK. This card attacks "Genesis Omega" again, using its final effect to reduce the target monster's ATK by 1000 for each monster Tributed for its Special Summon (four), and increase its own ATK by the same amount. This card also negates "Nova Portal's"  Pendulum Effect  by sending a Set card Yuya controls to the Graveyard, thus, this card's attack lands and G.O.D. is defeated. 
 In  Scale 41 , Yuya uses this card during his rematch with  Reiji Akaba .  He  Tributes  "Dark Anthelion Dragon", "Clearwing Fast Dragon" and "Starving Venemy Dragon" to Special Summon this card from his hand. Reiji activates his face-down " Go-D/D World " to prevent Yuya from declaring an attack during that turn. In the  following chapter , this card attacks Reiji's " Divine Go-D/D/D Zero King Zero G.O.D. Reiji ", using its final effect to reduce the target monster's ATK by 3000 and increase its own ATK by the same amount, but "Divine Go-D/D/D's" effect also makes this card's ATK 0. Yuya uses his " Performapal Turn Trooper 's" effect to negate his own monster's attack. Because this card's attack was negated, Reiji's next turn ends after his Standby Phase, going straight into Yuya's next Battle Phase. This card attacks "Divine Go-D/D/D" again, with neither monster being destroyed after their effects are applied. Yuya uses "Turn Trooper's" other effect, Tributing itself to banish both this card and "Divine Go-D/D/D" for three turns.  Two chapters later , this card and "Divine Go-D/D/D" return to the field; "Divine Go-D/D/D" attacks this card, with neither monster being destroyed after "Divine Go-D/D/D" applies its effect. Reiji then banishes " D/D Destiny Surveyor " from his Graveyard to destroy this card. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances