Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Reginald_Kastle_(Duel_Links)


 
 Reginald Kastle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Reginald Kastle 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 神代凌牙 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Gary Mack 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Toshiki Masuda 
 
 
 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Reginald Kastle , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He was first teased in the ZEXAL World trailer. He appears in the event  Shark Attack: Numbers Appear , where he was be made obtainable by completing Challenge 3 on October 30th, 2020.
 Blue Gate Keys are required to duel "Shark" at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Raging Sibling Squabble! Rio Appears 
 
 3.6.1   Level 30 
 3.6.2   Level 40 
 
 
 3.7   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuma and Astral 
 7.1.2   Bronk Stone 
 7.1.3   Kite Tenjo 
 7.1.4   Quattro 
 7.1.5   Trey 
 7.1.6   Rio Kastle 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Also known as Shark for feasting on his opponents' decks, his high-level Dueling skills took him all the way to the Duel Nationals. But when he was disqualified, his Dueling took a darker path. His ace monster is "Number 32: Shark Drake".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Cut-In (possessed) Summoning pose (possessed) Defeat (possessed) 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Flying Fish  x3 
 Root Water  x3 
 Water Element  x3 
 White Dolphin  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Torpedo Fish  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Blue Medicine 
 Umi  x2 
 Traps 
 Aqua Chorus  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 You're Getting On My Nerves! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Flying Fish  x3 
 Hitodenchak  x3 
 Root Water  x2 
 White Dolphin  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Nimble Manta  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Different Dimension Deepsea Trench 
 Salvage  x2 
 Surface 
 Traps 
 Explosive Urchin 
 Fish Rain 
 Level 20 
 
 Shark's Revenge! Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Atlantean Pikeman 
 Corroding Shark  x3 
 Fiend Kraken  x2 
 Tongyo  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mermaid Shark  x2 
 Piranha Army 
 Torpedo Fish  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Overlay Regen 
 Salvage  x2 
 Surface 
 Umi  x2 
 Traps 
 Explosive Urchin 
 Level 30 
 
 Magic Combo Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Double Fin Shark  x2 
 Double Shark  x2 
 Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon 
 Mermaid Shark  x2 
 Phantom Dragonray Bronto 
 Shark Stickers  x3 
 Silent Angler  x2 
 Skull Kraken Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Aqua Jet 
 Salvage 
 Surface  x2 
 Water Hazard 
 Xyz Gift 
 Level 40 
 
 Roar to Create Tidal Waves Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buzzsaw Shark  x2 
 Deep Sweeper 
 Double Fin Shark 
 Hammer Shark  x2 
 Lantern Shark  x2 
 Needle Sunfish 
 Saber Shark  x2 
 Shark Stickers  x2 
 Silent Angler Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Aqua Jet 
 Surface 
 Water Hazard  x2 
 Traps 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Raging Sibling Squabble! Rio Appears 
 Skill: "You're Getting on my Nerves!" (Can be used during your next turn after your monster is destroyed by battle or card effect. Increase the ATK of 1 WATER Xyz monster by 500 until the end of the turn. Can also be used if your opponent controls a monster with 2500 ATK or more. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.)
 
 
 Monarch of the Deep Sea Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Beautunaful Princess  x3 
 Buzzsaw Shark  x3 
 Double Fin Shark  x2 
 Lantern Shark  x2 
 Silent Angler  x2 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Black Ray Lancer 
 Full Armored Black Ray Lancer 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Number 47: Nightmare Shark 
 Number 94: Crystalzero Spells  (3) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Book of Moon  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device  x3 
 Fish Depth Charge  x2 
 
 You Don't Need My Help Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buzzsaw Shark  x3 
 Double Fin Shark  x2 
 Lantern Shark  x2 
 Mermaid Shark  x2 
 Shark Stickers  x2 
 Silent Angler  x3 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Black Ray Lancer 
 Full Armored Black Ray Lancer 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Number 47: Nightmare Shark Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Aqua Jet  x2 
 Surface 
 Traps 
 Poseidon Wave  x2 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Level 30 
 
 Magic Combo Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Atlantean Attack Squad 
 Double Fin Shark 
 Double Shark  x3 
 Drill Barnacle 
 Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon 
 Needle Sunfish  x2 
 Shark Stickers  x3 
 Skull Kraken 
 Skystarray Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Aqua Jet 
 Surface  x2 
 Water Hazard  x2 
 Xyz Gift 
 Level 40 
 
 Territory of the Sharks Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Deep Sweeper 
 Flyfang  x2 
 Hammer Shark  x3 
 Needle Sunfish  x2 
 Saber Shark  x3 
 Shark Stickers  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Aqua Jet 
 Surface 
 Water Hazard  x2 
 Traps 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Monarch of the Deep Sea Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lantern Shark  x2 
 Mermaid Shark  x2 
 Buzzsaw Shark  x3 
 Silent Angler  x3 
 Shark Stickers  x2 
 Double Fin Shark  x2 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Number 47: Nightmare Shark 
 Black Ray Lancer 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Full Armored Black Ray Lancer Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Book of Moon 
 Surface 
 Aqua Jet 
 Sea Lord's Amulet 
 Traps 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Poseidon Wave 
 
 Monarch of the Deep Sea Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lantern Shark  x2 
 Mermaid Shark  x2 
 Xyz Remora 
 Buzzsaw Shark  x3 
 Silent Angler  x2 
 Shark Stickers  x2 
 Double Fin Shark  x2 Extra Deck  (8) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Number 47: Nightmare Shark 
 Black Ray Lancer 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Full Armored Black Ray Lancer Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Surface 
 Aqua Jet  x2 
 Traps 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Poseidon Wave  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Shark reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Big Jaws "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Reginald "Shark" Kastle)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Fish and Kicks "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Reginald "Shark" Kastle)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Aqua Jet "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Numbers' Rule ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Big Jaws "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Fish and Kicks "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Aqua Jet "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Magic Combo ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Black Ray Lancer "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Big Jaws "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Fish Depth Charge "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Reginald "Shark" Kastle)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Aqua Jet "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Beautunaful Princess "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Black Ray Lancer "
 
 
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Shark, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Number 47: Nightmare Shark "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Depth Shark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Shark Stickers "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Water Hazard "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Great White "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Lost Blue Breaker "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Deepsea Shark "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Tongyo "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Bottom Dweller "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Monarch of the Deep Sea: Number 32
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Number 32: Shark Drake" to your Extra Deck.
 Can be used only once if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Return 1 "Number 32: Shark Drake" from your Graveyard to your Extra Deck.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Numbers' Rule
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 "Number" monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle except by another "Number" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Magic Combo
 
 Can be used the turn "Big Jaws" is Normal Summoned. Play 1 "Aqua Jet" face-down from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Full Armored Xyz [Black Ray]
 
 Place 1 "Full Armored Black Ray Lancer" from outside of your Deck on top of 1 "Black Ray Lancer" or "Submersible Carrier Aero Shark" you control. (This will be treated as an Xyz Summon.) This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Shark's Revenge
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are lower than your opponent's. Increase the ATK of Rank 4 or lower WATER Sea Serpent-Type Xyz Monster by 1500 per three Xyz Materials until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Shark Rising
 
 Begin the Duel with 1 " Xyz Revive Splash " placed in the Graveyard. During this Duel, you cannot use Rank 4 or above Xyz Monsters as material for an Xyz Summon except for WATER "Number" monsters. In addition, the following effect can be used once per Duel by paying Life Points to make your Life Points equal 1000. During this turn, monsters you control that have "Number 32: Shark Drake" as Xyz Material can inflict double damage. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 7 Fish-Type monsters.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Swimming from the Abyss
 
 Add 1 "Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss" and 1 "Number 32: Shark Drake" to your Extra Deck at the beginning of the Duel. In addition, once per turn, you can remove 2 Xyz Materials from a Rank 4 Sea Serpent-Type Xyz Monster on your field and make your Life Points 1000. If you Xyz Summon "Number 32: Shark Drake" during this turn, you can also Xyz Summon it by using that Xyz Monster as its material. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains no monsters other than at least 10 Level 4 or lower WATER monsters.
 
 Event
 
 
 Territory of the Sharks
 
 The Level of all WATER monsters you control becomes 4 until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than WATER monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 You're Getting on my Nerves!
 
 Can be used during your next turn after your monster is destroyed by battle or card effect. Increase the ATK of 1 WATER Xyz monster by 500 until the end of the turn. Can also be used if your opponent controls a monster with 2500 ATK or more. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Removal
 
 Send all Xyz Materials for 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. 
 The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 When Shark wins a Duel against  Yuma and Astral , he says "You think this is a joke Yuma?" followed by "If you'll reach the top of the game, you'll never win!" or "Come back when you're actually trying to win!" 
 When Shark loses a Duel against Yuma and Astral, he says "Looks like you're not as much of a loser as you used to be." or "You're happy is making me not happy!" 
 Bronk Stone 
 When Shark wins a Duel against  Bronk Stone , he says "If you're trying to annoy me, you succeeded!" 
 Kite Tenjo 
 When starting a Duel against  Kite Tenjo , Shark announces "I cooked up a special strategy to defeat you, Kite!" 
 When he wins the Duel, Shark says "That's what you get for underestimating me!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Shark says "How many strategies does this guy have?" 
 Quattro 
 When starting a Duel against  Quattro , Shark announces "Did you forget the face of your #1 fan?" followed by "Get ready, Quattro! 
 When he wins the Duel, Shark says "I'll never forgive you, Quattro!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Shark says "I lost to Quattro... I couldn't get my revenge..." 
 Trey 
 When starting a Duel against  Trey , Shark announces "It'll be my pleasure to take you down!" 
 When he wins the Duel, Shark says "I knew I had to keep my guard up." 
 Rio Kastle 
 When starting a duel against  Rio Kastle,  Shark announces "Just because we're family doesn't mean I'll go easy on ya!" 
 When he wins the Duel, Shark says "I can say you're just as skilled as me." followed by "But I don't wanna lie! Hahaha!! You'll never reach my level!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Shark says "You Dueled okay. But I saw some weaknesses for next time." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Shark Summons " Number 32: Shark Drake ", he chants  "This denizen of the deep is thirsting for a feeding frenzy!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Shark briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Number 32: Shark Drake!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Number 32: Shark Drake" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number 32: Shark Drake" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Shark Drake!" followed by "Deep Sea Destruction!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shark Drake's effect now activates!" followed by "It can attack again by reviving and weakening your monster!" 
 When Shark Summons " Bahamut Shark ", he chants " Let your roar create tidal waves in every ocean! I Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Shark briefly appears, and he announces "Bahamut Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em out, Bahamut Shark!" followed by "Divine Voice!" 
 Whenever Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Bahamut Shark's effect!" followed by "Divine Soul!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Shark briefly appears, and he announces "Be born, Number 17: Leviathan Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Leviathan Dragon!" followed by "Shock Stream Blast!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Leviathan Dragon's effect!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss ", he chants  "Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Shark briefly appears, and he announces " Swimming from the abyss is Number C32! " Afterward, he announces "Shark Drake Veiss!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "End 'em, Shark Drake Veiss!" followed by "Chaos Stream!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shark Drake Veiss's effect!" followed by "A monster's ATK and DEF drop to 0 for the rest of this turn!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark ", he chants  "The land and the sea merge into a new life form!"  followed by " I Xyz Summon! "  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Shark briefly appears, and he announces "Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Spider Shark!" followed by ”Spider Tornado!" 
 When Shark activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark's effect activates!" followed by "It uses 1 Overlay Unit to lower your monster's ATK!" 
 When Shark activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Spider Shark's leaving you a parting gift!" followed by "Last Resurrection!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 94: Crystalzero ", he chants " Number 94 is here to freeze the world in ice! " Afterwards, he announces "Crystalzero!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crystalzero, attack!" followed by "Crystal Javelin!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Crystalzero's effect!" followed by "Crystal Eraser!" 
 When Shark Summons " Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer ", he chants " Full Armored Xyz! " Afterwards, he announces "Gear up, Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer attacks!" followed by "Crystal Javelin!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer's effect!" followed by "I use 1 Overlay Unit to negate all your monsters' effects!" 
 When Shark Summons " Black Ray Lancer ", a cut-in frame of Shark's face briefly appears, and he announces "Welcome to the Duel, Black Ray Lancer!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Ray Lancer attacks!" followed by "Shimmering Spear Slash!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Black Ray Lancer's effect!" followed by "Paralyzing Lance!" 
 When Shark Summons " Full Armored Black Ray Lancer ", he chants  "Full Armored Xyz!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Shark's face briefly appears, and he announces "Dress for battle, Full Armored Black Ray Lancer!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Full Armored Black Ray Lancer, attack!" followed by "Gleaming Spear Slash!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Full Armored Black Ray Lancer destroys your Spell or Trap!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 47: Nightmare Shark ", a cut-in frame of Shark's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Number 47: Nightmare Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Reel 'em in, Nightmare Shark!" 
 When Shark activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Nightmare Shark's effect activates!" followed by "It transforms a Level 3 WATER monster into an Overlay Unit!" 
 When Shark activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Nightmare Shark uses an Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" followed by "Direct Effect!" 
 When Shark Summons " Shark Caesar ", a cut-in frame of Shark's face briefly appears, and he announces "The king of the deep, Shark Caesar!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Shark Caesar!" followed by "Emperor's Might!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shark Caesar's effect!" 
 When Shark Summons " Submersible Carrier Aero Shark ", a cut-in frame of Shark's face appears, and he announces "I unleash the terror of both air and sea, Aero Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Aero Shark! There's your target!" followed by "Devouring Dive!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Aero Shark's effect!" followed by "Torpedo Takedown!" 
 When Shark Summons " Cat Shark ", he announces "Cat Shark! Come out and play!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cat Shark, pounce!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Cat Shark's effect!" followed "An Xyz Monster gains ATK and DEF this turn!" 
 When Shark Summons " Big Jaws ", he announces "I summon forth Big Jaws!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Big Jaws!" followed by Gulp Grind Attack!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Big Jaws attacks, it's banished at the end of battle." 
 When Shark Summons " Big Whale ", he announces "Check out the largest monster in the seven seas! Big Whale!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Big Whale, splash 'em!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Big Whale is Tribute Summoned, it's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon three Level 3 WATER monsters from my Deck!" 
 When Shark Summons " Buzzsaw Shark ", he announces "Swim on out! Buzzsaw Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Buzzsaw Shark!" followed by "Churn 'em into chum!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Buzzsaw Shark's effect activates!" followed by "I choose a monster and summon a Fish with the same Level!" 
 When Shark Summons " Deep Sweeper ", he announces "Deep Sweeper!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Deep Sweeper! Clean 'em up!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Deep Sweeper's effect!" followed by "I tribute it to destroy a Spell or Trap card." 
 When Shark Summons " Depth Shark ", he announces "Rise from the deep, Depth Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Depth Shark, attack!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Depth Shark uses it's effect to gain ATK this turn!" 
 When Shark Summons " Double Shark ", he announces "Double Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Double Shark attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Double Shark is Summoned, I can activate it's effect!" 
 When Shark Summons " Double Fin Shark ", he announces "Double Fin Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Time to attack, Double Fin Shark!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Double Fin Shark is Summoned, it's effect activates!" 
 When Shark Summons " Drill Barnacle ", he announces "Here's Drill Barnacle!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Drill Barnacle! Dig in!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Drill Barnacle deals direct damage, it gains ATK points!" 
 When Shark Summons " Friller Rabca ", he announces "Come out, Friller Rabca!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Friller Rabca, attack!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Friller Rabca's effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 When Shark Summons " Hammer Shark ", he announces "Hammer Shark! Go!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hammer Shark! Pound 'Em!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Hammer Shark's effect! I reduce it's Level to play a level 3 or lower WATER monster!" 
 When Shark Summons " Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon ", he announces "Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Shark Megalodon!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "If Megalodon destroys a monster, it deals damage!" 
 When Shark Summons " Jawsman ", he announces "Here's Jawsman!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Jawsman!" followed by "Shark Stream!" 
 When Shark Summons " Kaiser Sea Snake ", he announces "Kaiser Sea Snake!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kaiser Sea Snake attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Special Summoning Kaiser Sea Snake, it's effect activates!" 
 When Shark Summons " Lantern Shark ", he announces "Come out! Lantern Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lantern Shark! Light 'em up!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lantern Shark's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a WATER monster between Level 3 and 5!" 
 When Shark Summons " Needle Sunfish ", he announces "Check this out! Needle Sunfish!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Needle Sunfish attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Needle Sunfish swims away, it lowers a monster's ATK!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction ", he announces "This super powerful Number has 3000 ATK!" followed by ”Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dissolve them to a goop, Acid Golem!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Acid Golem is gonna make me self-destruct!" 
 When Shark Summons " Saber Shark ", he announces "Go! Saber Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces " 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Saber Shark's effect!" 
 When Shark Summons " Sharkraken ", he announces "Sharkraken, come here!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Finish 'em Sharkraken!" 
 When Shark Summons " Shark Stickers ", he announces "Let's go! Shark Stickers!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with  that monster, he announces "Attack, Shark Stickers!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Summoning a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua means I can play this!" 
 When Shark Summons " Shocktopus ", he announces "Here comes Shocktopus!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shocktopus attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Shocktopus is destroyed, it's effect activates!" followed by "The equipped monster has 0 ATK and can't change positions!" 
 When Shark Summons " Silent Angler ", he announces "Sneak on in, Silent Angler!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Angler attacks!" 
 When Shark Summons " Skull Kraken ", he announces "Skull Kraken, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skull Kraken, it's feeding time!" 
 When Shark activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Skull Kraken is Summoned, it destroys a face-up Spell!" 
 When Shark activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Skull Kraken can change battle positions once per turn!" 
 When Shark Summons " Spear Shark ", he announces "Come on out, Spear Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Spear Shark, attack!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Spear Shark's effect activates when it's Summoned!" 
 When Shark Summons " Starfish ", he announces "Go, Starfish!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Starfish attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Starfish's effect activates! All Starfish on my field gain a Level!" 
 When Shark Summons " Tripod Fish ", he announces "Tripod Fish!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tripod Fish attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By reviving Tripod Fish, it's effect activates!" 
 When Shark Summons " Xyz Remora ", he announces "Come out, Xyz Remora!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Xyz Remora!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Xyz Remora is Special Summoned, it's effect activates!" 
 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Shark activates " Aqua Jet ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Aqua Jet!" 
 When Shark activates " Different Dimension Deepsea Trench ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Different Dimension Deepsea Trench!" followed by "When this card activates, I banish 1 WATER monster!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Shark announces "Different Dimension Deepsea Trench's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon the monster this card banished!" 
 When Shark activates " Dimensional Prison ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Dimensional Prison!" followed by "It banishes your attacking 
 When Shark activates " Explosive Urchin ", he announces "Since you activated a Trap, I can activate Explosive Urchin!"monster!" 
 When Shark activates " Falling Current ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Falling Current!" followed by "I can change a monster's Level to a number between 1 and 3!" 
 When Shark activates " Fish Rain ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Fish Rain!" followed by "I Special Summon a monster form my hand!" 
 When Shark activates " Icy Crevasse ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Icy Crevasse!" followed by "When an effect destroys my monster, I destroy one of yours!" 
 When Shark activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Monster Reborn!" followed by "I Special Summon a monster from the Graveyard!" 
 When Shark activates " Mystical Space Typhoon ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Mystical Space Typhoon!" followed by "It destroys a Spell or Trap Card on the field!" 
 When Shark activates " Overlay Regen ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Overlay Regen!" followed by "This card turns into an Xyz monster's Overlay Unit!" 
 When Shark activates " Poseidon Wave ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Poseidon Wave!" followed by "This card negates your monster's attack!" 
 When Shark activated " Salvage ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Salvage!" followed by "I retrieve 2 WATER monsters with 1500 lower ATK!" 
 When Shark activates " Sea Lord's Amulet ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Sea Lord's Amulet!" followed by "Effects can't destroy the WATER monsters on my field!" 
 When Shark activates " Seven Tools of the Bandit ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap! Seven Tools of the Bandit!" followed by "I pay 1000 life points to negate and destroy a Trap!" 
 When Shark activates " Surface , he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Surface!" 
 When Shark activates " Torrential Reborn ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Torrential Reborn!" followed by "It resurrects my WATER monsters and deals you damage!" 
 When Shark activates " Xyz Dimension Splash ", he announces "I put out the bait, and you chopped right into it!" followed by "The Trap Card, Xyz Dimension Splash!" 
 When Shark activates " Xyz Gift , he announces "I activate my Spell, Xyz Gift!" followed by "I use 2 Overlay Units to draw 2 cards!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Shark Summons " Eagle Shark ", he announces "Eagle Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Eagle Shark, attack!" 
 When Shark Summons " Left-Hand Shark ", he announces "Let's go, Left-Hand Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Left-Hand Shark attacks!" 
 When Shark activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Right-Hand Shark is on my field, I can Summon this!" 
 When Shark activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When it's revived from my Graveyard, it's Level becomes 4!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment ", he announces "Let's go, Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Embodiment of Punishment!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Embodiment of Punishment uses an Overlay Unit!" followed by "Your monsters switch to Attack Position and have to attack!" 
 When Shark Summons " Number 73: Abyss Splash ", he chants  "Purify chaos with your sacred water!"  Afterwards, he announces "Number 73: Abyss Splash!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Abyss Splash attacks! Final Fall!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Abyss Splash's effect!" followed by "I use 1 Overlay Unit to increase it's ATK!" 
 When Shark Summons " Panther Shark ", he announces "Panther Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Panther Shark attacks!" 
 When Shark Summons " Right-Hand Shark ", he announces "Come here, Right-Hand Shark!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Right-Hand Shark!" 
 When Shark activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When I Summon Right-Hand Shark, I can draw Left-Hand Shark!" 
 When Shark activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I Special Summon Right-Hand Shark from my Graveyard!" 
 When Shark Summons " Shark Fortress ", he chants " I'll bring forth the most fearsome stronghold in the seas! " Afterwards, he announces "Appear, Shark Fortress!"
 Most of the time when Shark declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shark Fortress, attack!" followed by "Mayhem Missiles!" 
 When Shark activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shark Fortress's effect!" followed by "My chosen monster gains an extra attack!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Shark activates " Bubble Bringer ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Bubble Bringer!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Shark announces "Bubble Bringer's effect activates!" followed by "I send this card to the Graveyard to revive 2 monsters!" 
 When Shark activates " Chain Summon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Chain Summon!" 
 When Shark activates " Hidden Fangs of Revenge ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Secret Retaliation! You can't hunt a shark when the shark's hunting you!" followed by "I've set up your defeat!" 
 When Shark activates " Splash Capture ", he announces "Heh! I caught me a big one!" followed by "I activate the Trap, Splash Capture!" 
 When Shark activates " Torrential Tribute ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Torrential Tribute!" followed by "All monsters in the field are destroyed!" 
 
 Trivia 
 Shark also has dialogue with Possessed Duelists, characters that are possessed by  Numbers .
 When he starts a Duel with a Possessed Duelist, he says "Ooh, a Number! This should be fun."
 When he wins the Duel, he says "A Number may be powerful, but you're still just a card." followed by "And if I know a card's effect, I know how to counter it!" 
 When he loses, he says "I won't... let you... control me!" 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra , Aigami,  Sera ,  Prana , Jesse Anderson, Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar, Blair Flannigan, Yusei Fudo, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler, and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Shark's dialogue for such cards include: "Secret Retaliation". 
 v e 
Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga "Shark" Kamishiro) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Terminal 
 Millennium Duels 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Reginald) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Nash) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/ReginaldSharkKastle-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20201028182851', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Profile-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle.png/revision/latest?cb=20201028095945', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/CutIn-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028093105', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Summoning-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028101710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/Defeat-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028090641', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/CutIn-DULI-PossessedShark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028093107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Summoning-DULI-PossessedShark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028101711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/Defeat-DULI-PossessedShark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201028090639', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/Icon-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle.png/revision/latest?cb=20201028102415', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Icon-DULI-ReginaldSharkKastle2.png/revision/latest?cb=20201028102415', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Icon-DULI-SharkAttackNumbersAppear.png/revision/latest?cb=20201028102416', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Reginald Kastle pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters