Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Nico_Smiley

For other versions of this character, see  Nico Smiley (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ニコ・スマイリー 
 
 
 Korean name  
 유 스마일 KRR: Yu Seumail Translated:  Yu Smile 
 
 
 French name  
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 German name  
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Duelist manager,  Maiami Championship  staff 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Bryan Tyler 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 
 Arabic voice 
 Hassan Hamdan 
 
 
 German voice 
 Tobias Lelle 
 
 
 
 Nico Smiley  is a recurring character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a manager of professional Duelists, having managed  The Sledgehammer . [1] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Nico Smiley's moustache comparison. Japanese version (left) and English version (right).     
 In the dub, Nico Smiley's mustache is lengthened to avoid resembling Adolf Hitler. He is a skinny man who wears a pink, yellow, and black jacket and a ribbon tie. Nico has straight black hair and pink and orange glasses. He somewhat resembles a clown. Nico wears two rings on his left hand.
 
 Personality 
 Etymology 
 Smiley's first name comes from the onomatopoeia "nico nico", a term for when someone is all smiles.
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Nico approached  Skip Boyle  at the behest of the  Leo Institute of Dueling , who wished to have the champion  the Sledgehammer  Duel  You Show Duel School  student  Yuya Sakaki , as The Sledgehammer never got the oppurtunity to Duel the boy's  father , who had no-showed at their championship match. Leo Institute agreed to give You Show Duel School their new  ARC System  free of charge in exchange. Yuya eventually agreed. On the day of the Duel, Nico functioned as a commentator. [1] 
 After The Sledgehammer lost to Yuya, he stepped down as champion and went overseas to train, leaving Smiley without a Duelist to manage. Nico eventually approached Yuya, offering a free entrance to the  Junior Arc League Championship  if Yuya agreed to take him on as manager, not before telling Yuya about what happened to the Sledgehammer. Yuya refused, insisting that he wanted to enter the tournament through the usual means. He instead asked Nico to aid him in finding opponents to defeat, as he needed four more wins to qualify, to which Nico agreed. [2]  He arranged Yuya to Duel  four [3]   different [4]   opponents [5] , including his best friend  Gong , and decided to train Yuya to become a pro Duelist. [6] 
 Nico first arranged a Duel for Yuya against Reed Pepper. Nico was listening to Yuya's conversation with Reed and gave a disgusted look when Yuya's stomach growled. [3]  Nico eventually found Yuya passed out in an alley. When Yuya woke up, he exclaimed that a  a Duelist  used one of his  monsters  to defeat a trio of LID top students and cause real damage. Nico reassured him that this was all a dream, since he found Yuya unconscious and assumed that he had a lack of sleep. Yuya agreed with Nico and left with him. [7]  Before Yuya's next Duel, Nico accompanied him in a bus on the way to Pierre L'Supérieure's school. After talking for a while, Nico fell off a chair. Nico and the head of the academy announced the battle, then watched the Duel. [4]  Nico was impressed that Yuya won. [8]  He contacted Yuya on another day and noted the positive and negative things that happened during the Duels, and said Yuya had to really impress him in the next Duel. Yuya wondered why Nico was upset. Some time after, Yuya met Nico disguised as a fortune teller at the entrance of Aura Sentia's Dueling school, though his disguise unnerved Yuya. Nico and Madam Divina, the head of Aura's school, commenced the Duel. [5]  Nico was again happy that Yuya triumphed. [9]  Yuya's final opponent was Gong. He explained that he arranged Yuya's Duels so each one would train Yuya in a different way. [6]  Nico was pleased when Yuya won against Gong, which surpassed his expectations. [10] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 During the Arc League Championship inauguration ceremony, he requested Yuya to give a speech as part of his training. [11]  Nico would then commentate on all the Junior Division first round matches, and the Battle Royal. During the Battle Royal, the feeds were cut off and Nico could not give a coherent explanation for this.  [12] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Before Yuya left to the  Synchro Dimension  with the rest of the  Lancers , Nico revealed he had very high hopes for Yuya and expected him to take over the pro Dueling world, yet he said that he was still proud of the Pendulum Summoner. [13] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Nico had lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . He announced the  Battle Royal  between  Yuya Sakaki ,  Sylvio Sawatari ,  Gong Strong  and  Moon Shadow , and was the commentator for this duel. During the Duel, at the urging of Moon Shadow, Nico began to remember the events of the  Arc League Championship . [14]  During his commentary,  Skip Boyle  stole Nico's microphone and announced to Yuya that Zuzu was missing.  [15]  When Yuya won, Nico was about to promote him to the Senior Division but was stopped by  Declan Akaba , who went to personally meet with Yuya to inform him of his next mission. [16] 
 He is later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with  You Show Duel School [17]  and was happy when Yuya won. He then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [18]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed Zuzu's revival. [19] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 19: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 20: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
Nico Smiley pages 
 Anime 
 Spin-off Manga 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Nico_Smiley.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150201183359', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Nico_Smiley_Comparison.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150728144625']
Categories: Characters, Nico Smiley pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters