Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Emma_Bessho

"Emma" redirects here. For other uses, see  Emma (disambiguation) .   
 
 
 Emma Bessho 
 
 
 
 
 
							Ordinary form
							
						 
 
 
 
							Alternative form
							
						 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Nicknames 
 Ghost Gal (ゴーストガール  Gōsuto Gāru ) [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 別 所 エマ 別所エマ べっしょエマ Rōmaji: ( Bessho Ema ) 
 
 
 Italian   
 Emma/Fanciulla Fantasma 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Kenneth Drayden  (older half-brother) [2] Unnamed mother [2] Unnamed father (deceased) [2] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Playmaker's faction 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Deck 
 Altergeist 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Megan MacPhee 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yuna Kamakura 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Agatha Paulita (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Emma Bessho  ( 別 所 エマ,  Bessho Ema ) is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. When Dueling in  LINK VRAINS , she is known as  Ghost Gal  ( Ghost Girl  (ゴーストガール,  Gōsuto Gāru ) in the Japanese version).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Season one 
 2.3   Season two 
 2.4   Season three 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Emma.     
         Emma as Ghost Gal.     
 Emma is a tall young woman with fair skin. She has long pink hair with lavender bangs and pink eyes. She also wears reddish-pink lipstick. She wears a black and dark violet motorcycle outfit with a pink t-shirt underneath with purple stripes going across her body, a black belt at the waistline, kneepads and a deckbox holstered on her right thigh. She also wears a black choker, black and purple boots and sports black fingerless gloves on both of her hands.
 As Ghost Gal, Emma's bangs, eyes, and part of her hair change from lavender and pink to gray. She wears a black mask that covers the lower half of her face which is connected to her black short-sleeved undershirt. Her outfit is a one-piece outfit resembling her real world suit: a black and dark violet vest with a zipper and shorts with mauve lining, matching stockings and black and grey boots. She retains her belt, deckbox and her gloves are shorter and have cuffs.
 When Emma uses her skill, Secret Cure, the mauve parts of her outfit glow pink.
 
   Ghost Gal's initial design.   Ghost Gal's LINK VRAINS 2.0 design. 1/2 
 After the creation of NEW  LINK VRAINS , Emma's outfit as Ghost Gal has been redesigned: she no longer wears her mask, her collar has been changed, her mauve stripes are now hot pink, her gloves have been altered and, along with her belt, are now dark purple. Part of her sides are now white, she has shoulder pads, the belt buckle is now in the shape of a gold and dark olive "G" with a similarly colored diamond where her zipper was.
 While at home, Emma wears a white t-shirt under a pink-lined, dark purple short-sleeved, hooded shirt and matching shorts, also resembling her motorcycle suit. It appears she is usually barefoot.
 
 Personality 
 She is shown to be a mercenary Duelist/hacker for hire. She is cunning, playful, devious and skilled as shown when she trapped  Playmaker . She also appears to have an interest in Playmaker. Emma shows little concern over which side of a conflict she takes as long as she gets paid and is even willing to backstab people she's worked with before. She prefers showing her clients proof that she indeed has the data they want before giving them the full archives as a show of trust.
 Emma studies her opponents and surroundings carefully and makes close and precise assumptions to their moves. Thus, she uses this knowledge as she sees fit.
 Emma does show some legitimate concern for  Akira Zaizen  though, informing him of her plans if she feels it will benefit him as well. This also extends towards his younger sister,  Skye Zaizen , as well, showing a particularly soft spot for her, encouraging her to take action when needed. She also cares a lot for her older half-brother,  Kenneth Drayden , showing genuine concern for him during his duel against  Lightning .
 In Season 2, Emma retains much of her original personality but is more considerate and helpful at times, as seen when she refused to join the hunt against Playmaker out of gratitude, helping  Kolter  save  Soulburner , and helping Akira protect humanity against Lightning, and dueling The Shepherd to save Aqua, which shows that when lives are at stake, not all her actions are out of monetary concern.
 
 Abilities 
 Emma is a very skilled hacker and has the ability to turn the entirety of  LINK VRAINS  into a trap. [3] 
 Inside LINK VRAINS, as a treasure hunter, she has equipment which helps her. She has a built-in rope feature in her Duel Disk, allowing her to swing. She also has "fireflies" which scan the areas and fly towards places that the fireflies have deemed unusual. She also has a knife which allowed her to cut through a virtual barrier. [4] 
 
 Etymology 
 Emma is an English name which means "whole" or "universal" and shares the same katakana as the Japanese name " Ema " (エマ). " Bessho " has no particular meaning on it own but is homophonous with the word " bessho " (別称) which means "alias", "pseudonym", "pen name", or " nom de plume ".
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Three years ago, Emma was in a team with The Shepherd and Akira Zaizen. Together, they rode in a cyberspace to track down a hacker, who promised to hurt them with a program. Akira and Ghost Gal pondered what to do, but Shepherd gave the hacker three turns before surrendering. The hacker thought he was bluffing, but Shepherd snapped his fingers. On the third turn, Ghost Gal and Akira charged, only to see Shepherd continued hiding, for he intended them to be decoys. The hacker emitted a net to capture Ghost Gal and Akira, and just as he went to attack, Shepherd started shooting at him. The hacker was defeated, but the program to hurt them started falling to Ghost Gal. Shepherd pushed Emma out of the way and shot the program, which exploded. Akira and Ghost Gal were fine, but were angry at Shepherd for being used as decoys. Shepherd simply stated his mission was over, and logged out. While Akira was furious, Ghost Gal realized Shepherd knew her real name, Emma. [5]  Emma was intrigued by this, and made deals to learn more about Shepherd, who turned out to be her half-brother, Kenneth Drayden. Some time later, when her father nearly passed away, he wanted of Emma to help Kengo in need. [2] 
 
 Season one 
 While riding her motorcycle, Emma met up with Akira Zaizen, who requested her help in finding information about Playmaker, who had become a popular figure in the city. She agreed, as she was also interested in him. [1]  Emma was again seen in LINK VRAINS observing the  Duel  between Playmaker and Blue Angel. [6] 
 
         Ghost Gal turns LINK VRAINS into a trap for Playmaker.     
 She was present in the hospital when Akira learned of his sister, Skye Zaizen's condition. At some point, Emma was hired by  SOL Technologies  and reported to them about Skye being Blue Angel. She later met with him to discuss trapping Playmaker. Akira was also aware that Emma worked for other people. Emma then masqueraded as Blue Angel and successfully lured Playmaker to LINK VRAINS. He confronted her knowing that she was deceiving him, she then proceeded to trap him and witnessed Akira's interrogation and torture of Playmaker. She was then surprised by the appearance of  Varis  and his ability to control  Data Storms . [3]  Per Akira's orders, Ghost Gal went after Varis and Playmaker with a camera to film their Duel. She was intrigued at how Playmaker performed three  Link Summons  at once, and was shocked at Varis' power to summon a Data Storm and " Topologic Bomber Dragon ". [7]  As Varis and Playmaker went inside the Data Storm, Ghost Gal was unable to enter it, and her camera stopped recording. [8] 
 
         Ghost Gal enters the Data Storm to watch Varis and Playmaker Duel.     
 Ghost Gal admitted she could log out of LINK VRAINS to create a program to enter the Data Storm, but she would not be able to return to the network. To find more about how Yusaku was doing, Kolter] created a path for Ghost Gal to enter the Data Storm. Ghost Gal was intrigued, seeing Playmaker had an ally they never knew about. She went through the path, wishing she could discuss more on this program. Nevertheless, after arriving inside the Data Storm, Ghost Gal watched Varis and Playmaker's Duel, with her cameras recording it. [9]  While watching their Duel, Ghost Gal noted how Playmaker's next turn would decide the outcome. She noted how Playmaker made his attack and Varis countered it. She heard how Playmaker wanted revenge for what had happened 10 years ago. This intrigued her, hearing the connection with SOL Technologies. With Varis' defeat, Ghost Gal returned to Akira, and watched as Playmaker used the virus-removal program on Blue Angel. The latter disappeared, as Ghost Gal told Akira that she successfully logged out. Playmaker left without Akira being able to thank him, which impressed Ghost Gal for his cool attitude. After logging out, Ghost Gal had  Nathaniel  drive Akira to the hospital to meet up with his sister. [10] 
 A few days later Emma ran into  Café Nom  and met Shoichi, but neither recognized each other as either "Ghost Gal" or "Playmaker's assistant". After ordering a coffee and two chili dogs, she said she was interested in Dueling Playmaker, raising Yusaku's interest. Later she logged into LINK VRAINS and met with  Frog  and  Pigeon  regarding a interview they had asked "Ghost Gal" to do for them. She gave them the answers to their questions as well as all the information she had gathered about Playmaker for a very expensive price. The information she gave the two reporters would've allowed them to make a big scoop regarding everything Playmaker has done and vital information about the  Ignis , but Yusaku and Shoichi deleted the scoop while cleaning files involving Playmaker. [11]  Emma was doing research on Playmaker, recalling his ability to obtain monsters from the Data Storm and noted how that is a  Skill  ordinary people cannot use. She wondered if Playmaker could do this sort of thing because of his connection with the Data Storm, a connection she believed to be related to that incident ten years ago. She went to hack SOL Technologies' data bank, to find out more, by creating a backdoor program. However, a Data Storm protected the database. Suddenly, she gasped and immediately shut down her computer. Despite her failure, she swore not to give up, considering her interest in Playmaker's history. [12] 
 At the bridge, Akira spoke to Emma, who noted even if Akira was involved in saving LINK VRAINS, he was still demoted. Akira was not displeased, since his wish to cure Skye was fulfilled when Playmaker gave out the virus removal program. Emma stated Akira was replaced by his former boss  Kitamura , whom Akira believed to be the one making the Duelist army that used AI, and would do anything to get results. Emma wished to know about Playmaker's incident ten years ago but since Akira knew nothing about it, she decided to make her search on her own, by hacking into SOL Technologies' data bank. Akira was shocked, but Emma claimed this was just to make connections with that company. Akira asked of her to give such data to him, but Emma stated she was not forced to do so, claiming he could pay her. Akira refused, and Emma grew disinterested of Akira. She left, claiming Playmaker could buy such data to know more about the ten-year-past incident. Back at her house, Emma remembered how someone created a path for her to enter the Data Storm during Varis and Playmaker's Duel. She analyzed that program, and sent the message to its writer. [12] 
 
         Emma logs into LINK VRAINS.     
         Ghost Gal shows the program she places as a stake for the Duel.     
 Kolter and Yusaku read the message she left on a forum, in which she challenged Playmaker to a Duel, betting her access to the SOL Technologies' data bank and Playmaker's  Ai . Yusaku accepted her challenge, and Shoichi wrote the message to Emma. She quickly responded to the message by logging into the LINK VRAINS, as Ghost Gal. There, she quickly met up with Playmaker, and showed him her program she set as a stake for the Duel. Playmaker wondered why wouldn't she access the data bank, and was told Ghost Gal wanted his Ai, so she could sell it to the SOL Technologies. She admitted she grew more interested in Playmaker after his latest Duel, and wanted to battle him as a cyber treasure hunter. Despite Ai's warnings, Playmaker accepted her Duel, as the two rode off on the Data Wind. In her first turn, Emma summoned " Altergeist Marionetter " and  set  two cards. Playmaker had his " Cyberse Wizard " attack, but was stopped by Ghost Gal's " Altergeist Kunquery ". Despite his attack, Ghost Gal was intrigued how he dared to attack, despite her Set cards. Ghost Gal Summoned another "Altergeist Marionetter", set another card, then Link Summoned " Altergeist Primebanshee ". She swapped one of her "Altergeist Marionetters" for " Altergeist Meluseek ". Ghost Gal ended her preparations, and aimed to defeat Playmaker before he could use his Skill. As Ghost Gal initiated the Battle Phase and claimed she would win in that turn, Ai laughed, as she would make 2400 LP damage. Both Playmaker and Ghost Gal scolded Ai for such thinking; Playmaker claimed no Duelist would make that simple math error, making Ghost Gal wonder why everyone was after "this dumb AI". Regardless, "Altergeist Meluseek" attacked directly and sent "Cyberse Wizard" to the  GY , allowing "Altergeist Marionetter" to attack directly, and allowing "Altergeist Primebanshee" to do so as well. Ghost Gal smiled, feeling her dreams grow larger, and ordered Playmaker to brace himself for his defeat. [12] 
 Ghost Gal had "Altergeist Primebanshee" attack Playmaker directly. To prevent that, Playmaker  Special Summoned  " Lockout Gardna ". Seeing that Ai was merely pretending to be sad, Ghost Gal knew they would have enough LP to use Storm Access, and opted not to attack. On Playmaker's turn, Ghost Gal swapped "Altergeist Meluseek" with " Altergeist Silquitous ", by using the effect of "Altergeist Primebanshee", and also added an "Altergeist Kunquery" to her hand. Playmaker attempted to destroy her ace by Tributing " Backlinker ", but was prevented by Ghost Gal's " Altergeist Protocol ". Ghost Gal claimed she could anticipate their every move: Playmaker attempted to revive Backlinker with " Striping Partner ", but was stopped by "Altergeist Silquitos". Using "Lockout Gardna", both effects were negated, though Ghost Gal had one final trap prepared. She noted how Playmaker was an interesting person, as she suspected. Playmaker Link Summoned " Underclock Taker " and tried to weaken "Altergeist Primebanshee". Ghost Gal countered that with " Altergeist Camouflage ", and protected "Altegeist Primebanshee" from attacks, stating Playmaker had reached his limits. [13] 
 
         Playmaker saves Ghost Gal from the Data Storm.     
         "Excode Talker" attacks Ghost Gal directly.     
 Playmaker paid 1000 LP to activate the effect of " Balancer Lord ", making him eligible to use Storm Access. Ghost Gal refused to let him activate the Skill and used Secret Cure to increase both of their LP. Playmaker Special Summoned " Scan Doll ", and paid 1000 LP to use "Altergeist Protocol" on "Altergeist Silquitos". However, Ghost Gal believed he simply forgot about "Altergeist Kunquery" she still had in her hand. Playmaker used Storm Access, but Ghost Gal went with him into the Data Storm. However, she lost control of her  D-Board  and was saved by Playmaker, which surprised her. Playmaker reminded her their Duel was not over yet and let her go back on the D-Board. Outside the Data Storm, Ghost Gal thanked Playmaker, but stated that had nothing to do with the Duel. Playmaker brought out " Excode Talker ", and prevented Ghost Gal from using two of her remaining  Main Monster Zones , thus sealing the effect of "Altergeist Kunquery". Ghost Gal was in shock with her monsters being unable to attack and was defeated by two direct attacks from "Excode Talker". At the end of Duel, Ghost Gal watched the moon. Ai stated that was just data, though Ghost Gal replied dumb AI-s couldn't understand this feeling. With her defeat, Ghost Gal gave the backdoor link to Playmaker. She bid him farewell and walked away. Frog and Pigeon were recording the Duel, but Ghost Gal deleted that info, wishing that Duel to be a secret. [13] 
 In LINK VRAINS, Ghost Gal told Akira how she gave the program to Playmaker. Akira was furious, wondering what was Ghost Gal thinking. As a digital butterfly flew near them, Ghost Gal defended herself, reminding Akira also wanted to know more about the data in the mother computer, but had no authority after his demotion. Ghost Gal claimed that Kitamura would be held responsible, and would make his attempt to stop Playmaker. Akira noted if Playmaker was the decoy, nobody would notice their activities, and he grew more interested in his company's activities. Akira wished everything would go as planned, and logged out. Ghost Gal, however, stated the digital butterfly was actually Blue Angel, and offered her a chance to restore her reputation. Later, Akira and Emma were watching Playmaker's infiltration in the system on the latter's computer. Seeing Kitamura sent  two   AIs  to Duel Playmaker, Akira and Emma logged into LINK VRAINS, and went deeper to access the data bank. [14] 
 
         Ghost Gal obtains a data diamond.     
 Ghost Gal was glad Blue Angel came to the mother computer system, but Akira, shocked at this, thought Ghost Gal had some involvement. He went to save her, but Ghost Gal reminded him this was their only chance to find more about the incident, and pointed out Blue Angel was not a mere child. The two continued on, intending on reaching the data bank before Playmaker did. The two went through a light, where the data bank was located. They saw a pedestal with golden pillars, where the data about 10 years ago was located. Inside, Ghost Gal obtained a data diamond, and hid when Playmaker arrived. She asked Akira to hide as well, but he refused, even if she warned him he would spoil their plan. [15]  When Playmaker questioned Ghost Gal and Akira about why they were in the data bank, she explained they, were after the data as well. Ai thought Ghost Gal lost on purpose to hand them the backdoor route, but Ghost Gal corrected it that she still had the opportunity to obtain Ai. Regardless, she was fine with either outcome, making Ai curse her for being so cunning, which Ghost Gal took as a compliment. Akira challenged Playmaker, as the only way to stop him. Ghost Gal anticipated this, and noted Akira's deck was very tough. Seeing " Tindangle Angel " and " Tindangle Hound ", Ghost Gal compared them to Akira and Skye - if Akira, who protects his sister, was to fall, Skye was there to bring him back up - a bond that cannot be broken. [16] 
 Ghost Gal complimented Akira for summoning " Tindangle Acute Cerberus " during Playmaker's turn, as she continued watching the Duel. [17]  She noted Akira's cards protected his monsters, and that he would either win with " Gergonne's End " or by inflicting damage on Playmaker. When Playmaker withstood by using " Cynet Backdoor ", Ghost Gal thought Playmaker would have a direct attack on Akira. Akira prevented this with " Euler's Circuit ", and Ghost Gal thought he could deal 4500 LP damage with "Gergonne's End" on his next turn, and believed Akira would win. Still, Playmaker's " Firewall Dragon " defeated "Tindangle Acute Cerberus", and lowered Akira's LP to zero. Ghost Gal was impressed by Playmaker, seeing nobody could calm his desire for revenge. With Playmaker logged out, Ghost Gal wished the Zaizens to be nice to each other, and logged out as well. Riding her motorcycle, she wondered who would buy the data she acquired. [18] 
 Ghost Gal was in LINK VRAINS, when an eclipse blocking the virtual sun happened. She suspected the  Knights of Hanoi  were behind this, and thought of this as a new threat. [19]  At her hideout, Emma watched how  Kitamura 's army confronted the Knights of Hanoi. [20]  Emma was at a local café watching  The Gore  duel a Knight of Hanoi on the news, as well as hearing the news that Blue Angel had not appeared in LINK VRAINS for some time. She met Skye at  Den City High School , telling her that she knew her identity as Blue Angel. At a nearby bridge, Emma asked if Skye was done with her online persona, and then tells her that if she couldn't take full responsibility for her actions and only wanted to do things to please herself, then it would be fine if she stopped being Blue Angel. After the discussion, Emma rode away on her motorcycle, asking herself why she did that. [21] 
 Akira met up with Emma, reporting with the Knights of Hanoi gone, peace returned to LINK VRAINS. Emma wondered if Akira came here just to tell that, who reported despite the victory, SOL Technologies have been looking for more employees. Akira reminded that Knights of Hanoi wouldn't retreat that easily, and Varis was still out loose. Emma felt something was going on, in this peaceful era. This motivated Emma to search through LINK VRAINS for a treasure, and promised to sell it to Akira. Akira asked for a discount, as Emma promised to think about it. Later, Ghost Gal appeared in LINK VRAINS for her treasure hunt. She emitted data fireflies to help her in this search. She found Playmaker and Ai, who traced her data fireflies. Ghost Gal admitted she had a tip from someone about something going on in LINK VRAINS, and finding Playmaker, noted the tip was true. Ghost Gal admitted the data fireflies lead her to treasure, and were reliable, too. Playmaker warned her the path ahead was dangerous, and advised her to log out. Ghost Gal thought Playmaker would steal her treasure, explaining the greater the danger, the greater the reward. The data fireflies opened a path, though which Ghost Gal entered, and Playmaker joined in, too. The two walked in a data sewer, through which many unimportant data flew to a reprocessing plant. Playmaker was surprised Ghost Gal knew of this, who explained she was a treasure hunter that visited many virtual worlds. Finding a fork in the path, Ghost Gal saw her data fireflies went to the path on the right. [4] 
 
         Ghost Gal is ambushed by Varis himself.     
 Ai thought they could settle this with a game, which amused Ghost Gal, who credited the AI. Ai explained he had a name, and Ghost Gal thought his name was just a pun. Ghost Gal told the one that chose the "lovelier" card from her Deck could choose the path. Ai was confident in his skills, but had his doubts that Ghost Gal could cheat, who told there wasn't anything beneficial in that. Ghost Gal shuffled her Deck, and let Ai draw a card. Ai declared " Destiny Draw ", only to choose " Fake Trap ". Ghost Gal claimed the card was nothing her favorite, and didn't even choose to draw a card. She bid farewell to Ai and Playmaker, going to the path on the right. Ghost Gal continued, and saw the path led to the reprocessing plant, protected by a force field. Using a knife, Ghost Gal cut her way through, and found a big pulsing thing. She had her data fireflies gather information on the thing. She found out lots of energy poured into the thing. Using a rope, Ghost Gal went to a different position, only to find Varis, who was surprised by her arrival. Varis noted Ghost Gal was snooping again, who promised to leave. However, Varis raised the barrier, stating he can't let her leave this place. Ghost Gal used the rope to reach a different exit, but Varis barred the exits. Ghost Gal questioned Varis what would he do with her after she would be captured, suspecting she would be in trouble. Varis offered her a Duel to shape his Deck out, allowing her to leave if she would win. Ghost Gal attempted to leave, but Varis pointed out logging out was disabled. Being forced to Duel, Ghost Gal started off by summoning "Altergeist Marionetter" and setting "Altergeist Manifestation". [4] 
 Ghost Gal was surprised to find Varis in the reprocessing plant, but swore to defeat him to inform others about what was going on. Ghost Gal noted Varis did not bring an AI for his Duel Disk, as Varis stated trusting an AI is foolish. Ghost Gal remembered Varis spoke that Ignis would destroy the world, but Varis ignored her, considering her as a mercenary that would not understand that. Ghost Gal reminded herself of Varis' ace, and noted the longer the Duel lasted, the more she would be at a disadvantage. Varis quickly brought out "Topologic Bomber Dragon", as Ghost Gal sensed Varis wanted to quickly end the Duel. "Topologic Bomber Dragon" attacked Ghost Gal's "Altergeist Marionetter". To prevent this, Ghost Gal played "Altergeist Kunquery" to seal off its effects. Ghost Gal questioned Varis about the energy sphere, and Varis simply replied something unimaginable was bound to happen. Ghost Gal, using "Altergeist Silquitous", returned "Altergeist Protocol" to remove "Topologic Bomber Dragon" from the field, displeasing Varis. Ghost Gal made her offense by Link Summoning "Altergeist Primebanshee" and reviving the " Altergeist Kidolga " she used as a Link Material for the latter's Summon, by using "Altergeist Materialization". Ghost Gal's "Altergeist" monsters attacked Varis directly, dropping his LP to 400, and even took Varis' " Twin Triangle Dragon " to defeat him. [22] 
 
         Ghost Gal glows with a red light before becoming data.     
 Ghost Gal gloated in her victory, but Varis called her a fool. Playing a  Trap Card , Varis negated the attack and destroyed all of Ghost Gal's Link Monsters. Ghost Gal realized Varis could've simply played his card earlier to avoid damage, and all of that was just so he could activate his Skill. Varis mocked her for not being able to predict that, while Ghost Gal returned her "Altergeist Marionetter" to her hand. To prevent Varis from using his Skill, Ghost Gal activated her,  Skill , Secret Cure, to at least raise Varis' LP. Much to her displeasure, she drew the 0 ATK "Altergeist Kunquery". Varis continued mocking her, stating luck has abandoned her. Ghost Gal planned her strategy to deal with Varis' effects and attacks by using "Altergeist Protocol". Varis set Ghost Gal's card with " Red Reboot ", at the cost of halving his LP for using it from his hand. He also let Ghost Gal set a Trap Card from her Deck, but she was unable to use any Trap Cards during his turn. Ghost Gal still hoped in having the LP and field advantage, but Varis mocked her, claiming only darkness awaited her, from which she could not escape from. Varis used his own Skill, Storm Access, to obtain a new Link Monster, which emitted from the purplish sphere. Varis Link Summoned his new monster, " Topologic Trisbaena ", and used it to defeat Ghost Gal, who screamed as she fell off her D-Board. Playmaker swore to save her, but Ghost Gal claimed she was too pathetic for a professional. Instead, she gave Playmaker the data she acquired. Ghost Gal glowed with a red light, and started vanishing. She warned Playmaker about Varis and his new card before disappearing. [22] 
 
         Emma snaps out of her coma after the tower's destruction.     
 With Varis' defeat, Playmaker stopped the Tower of Hanoi, which emitted the data back. Thus, Emma woke up from her coma. [23] 
 
 Season two 
 Ghost Gal, wearing a new outfit, watched over the new LINK VRAINS. She assumed there were new treasures around to explore. She was surprised to find out Playmaker was a wanted man in LINK VRAINS. Later,  Brave Max  accidentally bumped into her, and apologized. Ghost Gal was amused by his name, as Brave Max claimed he was Playmaker's best friend. Ghost Gal advised him not to mention that, due to his bounty. Brave Max assured her he would defeat them, and Ghost Gal bid him farewell. She met up with Shepherd, who hit a LINK VRAINS avatar for annoying him. She noted he took the call of SOL Technologies for a bounty hunter, which she declined, believing she owed Playmaker her life. Shepherd called her weak for turning down the offer. She replied she didn't base her choices solely on money, to which Shepherd believed it is what made him a pro. Regardless, he proclaimed that she stayed away from him, else she would be his enemy, too. Eventually, she noticed Playmaker came to LINK VRAINS, but wondered why would he log in. [24]  She was concerned for Playmaker's well being, seeing he faced a strange new foe. [25]  Much to her surprise, she saw a person with a new  Ignis , and wondered who he was. When Soulburner summoned another copy of " Salamangreat Heatleo  ", Ghost Gal wondered about the Reincarnation Link Summon the guy conducted. [26]  Later, she and Skye met with Akira at a gazebo. Eventually, Emma sent the info from Akira to Kolter about a gate to the restricted area in LINK VRAINS. [27] 
 Akira explained there were six Ignis created from the  Lost Incident , one of which was Ai, Playmaker's AI. Since their  Cyberse World  was attacked, the Ignis have disappeared, so Akira asked of Emma to find the missing Ignis. Emma reminded that Akira hired bounty hunters to track Playmaker down, but realized Akira wanted to find Ignis without SOL Technologies' permission. Akira showed an entrance to the restricted area, where the figure that had went to after attacking Playmaker. Since the team that Akira had sent to investigate never returned, Akira asked of Emma to go there and find the Ignis. Emma assumed Akira wanted to bargain with SOL Technologies to sell the Ignis. Skye defended that her brother would never do that, who wanted to know of Ignis' intentions and capabilities. Emma accepted, under the condition of three times the ordinary payment, since she would become a target of bounty hunters. Akira complied, and gave Emma a program that would force her to log out in dire circumstances. Much to Emma's disapproval, Skye obtained the program and wanted to head with Emma, too. Emma believed Skye would slow her down, who only wished to help her brother find the truth about the Ignis. Emma sighed, while Akira reminded the importance of finding the Ignis, for the sake of humanity, and to return safely, for his sake. He noted they won't be able to communicate past the restricted zone, and wished the girls luck in their mission. [5] 
 The two went to Emma's hideout, where they logged into LINK VRAINS. Inside LINK VRAINS, Blue Angel and Ghost Gal watched as Shepherd confronted Playmaker. They focused on entering the restricted area, and had activated Ghost Gal's stealth program to bypass the surveillance. They made pass by the security devices, which impressed Blue Angel, who noted it is why her brother had trust in Ghost Gal. Blue Angel wondered why the bounty hunters were not after them, and was told they were hunting Playmaker down. Ghost Gal revealed she gave the info to the access to the restricted zone to Playmaker, to let him access the zone after dealing with the bounty hunters. Once they crossed the barrier, the girls removed their stealth programs, and Blue Angel changed her outfit. Blue Angel exclaimed this was a secret mission and could not wear her regular outfit, so Ghost Gal, noting her maturity, dubbed her as Blue Gal. She also asked about Shepherd, whom Ghost Gal described as a troublesome man that would not let go of his target. Blue Gal noted Ghost Gal knew Shepherd, and was told even Akira knew him three years ago from a mission. Blue Gal noticed Ghost Gal remained silent for a moment, who simply replied that Shepherd would do anything to win, and if Playmaker would to lose, his Ignis would be taken to SOL Technologies. [5] 
 Blue Gal and Ghost Gal followed Playmaker and Soulburner. The two ladies passed through the "gate"; Akira, who lost their signal, prayed for Skye's safe return. The two arrived to canyon area, and were engulfed by the winds. Blue Gal lost focus - she crashed and fell down. Ghost Gal launched a rope for Blue Gal to hold onto and land down safely, enough for the two to seek refuge in a cave. Blue Gal believed the winds were what kept the research team away, but Ghost Gal was more concerned that they lost sight of Playmaker. As the two started wondering what to do, Blue Gal received a signal from the research team. She went to find them, making Ghost Gal sigh, thinking she'd have to charge extra cash. The two continued through the wind territory, and found the unconscious research team in a cave. Blue Gal noted they must've crashed, could not log out or even send a distress signal. Blue Gal went to use the emergency log out program to save one of the men, and asked Ghost Gal to do the same. The latter refused, reminding the program was in case of an emergency, and that their mission was to find the Ignis, rather than save the research them. Blue Gal exclaimed this was an emergency, and saving lives was a greater priority. [28] 
 She noted that she was still inexperienced, and she got others into trouble due to her own mistakes by facing Specter. She believed to have enough power to take on problems, but instead had to be rescued. Blue Gal exclaimed this time, she wanted to save others and grow stronger. Ghost Gal, despite her better judgement, passed her own program to the research team, forcing the two to log out. After the research team disappeared, Blue Gal thought they should find their own way to escape, but Ghost Gal pointed out they came too far to retreat. She bet her pride as a treasure hunter to succeed the mission, and Blue Gal approved of that. Eventually, Playmaker and Soulburner intercepted Ghost Gal and Blue Gal. Blue Gal still thanked Playmaker for his victory over the Tower of Hanoi, but still wanted to Duel him. Playmaker didn't recognize Blue Gal, until realizing she had been known as Blue Angel. Soulburner complimented her new appearance and thought of changing his own appearance, but was displeased when Flame reminded nobody knew him. Ghost Gal noted Soulburner was the victim of Lost Incident, but asked why did he team up with Playmaker. Playmaker replied they were to collect some consciousness data, which made Ghost Gal remember something about Bohman. [28] 
 
         Ghost Gal begrudgingly lets Blue Gal duel.     
 Blue Gal stated that Ghost Gal and her came to find an Ignis, to have her brother analyze it. Soulburner noted not only bounty hunters were hired, and replied that they would not hand Ignis over to SOL Technologies, since they were also involved in the Lost Incident. Instead, Blue Gal demanded the two to hand Ignis over, since they were still under SOL Technologies' property. Ghost Gal was surprised by Blue Gal's demand, and was told they could use Ignis to find others of their kind. Soulburner and Blue Gal were eager to Duel, as the former even wished to battle one of LINK VRAINS' heroes. Ghost Gal went after Playmaker, but Ai summoned a  Data Storm  to distract her. [28]  Ghost Gal watched the two Duel, noting Blue Gal has improved herself. She became shocked, however, how Soulburner used her " Trickstar Divaridis " to  Fusion Summon   his own monster . When Blue Gal was defeated, she was forced to log out. Ghost Gal confronted Soulburner, who explained the program activated to make her log out. Ghost Gal wanted to face Soulburner, but saw he was weakened from the last Duel. Instead, Flame showed a copy of the program that forced Blue Gal to log out. Ghost Gal took the program, thinking Flame is more charming than Ai. She logged out, proposing to meet someday. Flame, however, blushed at Ghost Gal's charming words. [29] 
 Akira met up with Emma and Skye, who reported their findings through the gate. Emma stated Playmaker was after consciousness data, leading Skye to believe there was a connection towards the Ignis and that data. Akira noted Playmaker was the one that could contact the Ignis, and still had regrets for having bounty hunters track him down, since Akira owed his life to him. Emma stated they had to wait for the gate to be reopened, while Akira wished there was a way to speak with Playmaker. Emma noted Akira wanted to search the city for a Dueling hacker that fought the Knights of Hanoi, but neither she nor Skye were aware of such a person. Akira reminded a person's can act differently while logged in, though Skye replied they would feel who Playmaker was. In LINK VRAINS, Brave Max was excited to hear about the event of Blue Angel before he was approached by Ghost Gal. Brave Max remembered Ghost Gal from his previous encounter, and introduced himself. Ghost Gal asked if he was pursued by bounty hunters, to which he replied he still wanted to show his skills. Brave Max panicked when Ghost Gal insinuated to be one of the hunters, but she still proposed to test his skills, as Playmaker's best friend. Brave Max was charmed, but claimed he would give his best to defeat her. [30] 
 Ghost Gal expected no less, and summoned "Altergeist Silquitos", as well as setting two cards. Brave Max simply summoned " Scrap Kong ", destroying it and paying 1000 LP to summon " Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest ", and repeating that combo with " Double Summon ". Brave Max continued bragging about his bond with Playmaker. Brave Max bore a confident look, believing he'd win in one turn. Blue Gal watched the Duel, wondering about Brave Max's strange tactics. Brave Max continued bragging, as he used two baboons to Link Summon " Metal Baboon, Stalwarts of the Forest ". Brave Max declared his victory chances are at max values. Ghost Gal wondered if he didn't take her cards in consideration, feeling he was acting foolish. Brave Max smiled, as his monster attacked. Ghost Gal's "Altergeist Camouflage" defended "Altergeist Silquitos" from the attack, and Special Summoned " Altergeist Multifaker ", chaining it to summon "Altergeist Marionetter", and having "Altergeist Silquitos" return Brave Max's baboon to his hand. Brave Max corrected her that it was a Link Monster, and thus could not return to the hand. This made Ghost Gal realize Brave Max was, indeed, foolish. She simply had "Altergeist Camouflage" return to her hand, declaring "Metal Baboon, Stalwarts of the Forest" returned to Brave Max's Extra Deck. [30] 
 Brave Max fell to his knees that his "perfect formula" was in vain. He ended his turn, promising his comeback, all the while Ghost Gal thought that was a waste of time. She was dumbed down by the climax nonsense, and drew a card. To save his reputation, Brave Max asked her not to do something bad to him. Ghost Gal cringed, but smiled as she made that promise, and Link Summoned " Altergeist Hexstia ". Brave Max believed she was complying to his request, until "Altergeist Hexstia" gained 1600 ATK from "Altergeist Marionetter". Without further ado, Brave Max was defeated in one hit. Brave Max was embarrassed, and Ghost Gal sarcastically apologized to him for her victory. The latter claimed that was a waste of time, and Blue Gal apologized for that. However, Ghost Gal reminded Blue Gal of the event, just to lure Brave Max out. [30] 
 Emma reported to Skye that the gate in LINK VRAINS was a fake, and Skye deduced it was a trap meant to capture Playmaker. Emma believed she knew who created the trap, but asked of Skye not to do anything, and believed her brother would know of the gate's origins, too. [31]  She had a data ladybug placed on Soulburner, who was captured in Shepherd's trap. She attempted to spy on Shepherd, who shot the data ladybug down. [32]  She noticed someone tried to break through Shepherd's program. She guessed it was Playmaker's partner, and noted not everyone can try to penetrate through Shepherd's code. Thus, she decided to help out a bit, since that person didn't know Shepherd's intentions. She had a data lizard spy on Shepherd, and was amused that Soulburner managed to trick Shepherd. She corrected the program, allowing Kolter to execute it. She logged in to LINK VRAINS, where Shepherd confronted her. Shepherd was angry at her interference, despite her claim that he would've lost. Shepherd branded her an enemy, and charged his hand to launch a blast at her. [33] 
 The next day, Akira came to Emma's hideout, to warn her and Skye of the Ignis, as well as Bohman, who pose threat to humanity. He noted that the Wind and Light Ignis want to conquer humans, which was what the Knights of Hanoi were trying to fight against. Emma reminded that Ai and Flame were their supporters, and believed the Ignis would face each other. Akira feared what would happen if Playmaker would lose, but Skye wondered where were the two remaining Ignis. Akira thought the two remained neutral for now. While Akira went back to his company, Emma promised she and Skye would search for the remaining two Ignis. After finding  Earth , Akira sent a live video to Emma and Skye, who saw Gore was pursuing the Ignis. As the Duel progressed, Emma commented that Earth had the advantage. Skye wanted to log into LINK VRAINS and sway the Ignis to join their side, for they could not have the enemy have them. Emma saw she was right, and noted she matured a bit. [34]  Emma and Skye spied on SOL Technologies, as they dissolved Earth into data. She commented how that was a horrible treatment, while Skye could not comprehend what an Ignis was. [35] 
 Skye called her brother for a meeting. She wanted to ask him what is an Ignis, as Emma told her that Akira would have answers. Akira frowned, while Skye wondered if the Ignis were actual living beings. Emma believed Akira wanted her and Skye to capture the Ignis to avoid such an incident. Akira denied, though he also didn't count on SOL Technologies to make such a drastic move. Later, Skye took rest in Emma's apartment, and as she woke up, Emma stated she should get more sleep. She teased Skye she could dream of a handsome man, as she was trying to find the  WATER Ignis  before SOL Technologies would. Despite this a risky task, Emma was up for this challenge. She traced Shepherd's location in LINK VRAINS, knowing that he'd go after the WATER Ignis, after Gore had captured Earth. Shepherd attacked Blue Gal and chased her, but ended up facing Ghost Gal, who noted how much time had passed since they had seen each other. Ghost Gal refused to have Shepherd obtain the WATER Ignis, and used a program to teleport Shepherd in a place where he could not track the Ignis down. [36] 
 She and Blue Gal were teleported in a safe place, where Aqua recognized Blue Gal as Skye Zaizen. To protect the WATER Ignis, Ghost Gal went to face Shepherd. Shepherd was annoyed that she continued foiling his plans, and wondered why would she side with an Ignis. Ghost Gal simply replied that it was an exception of her to be in the women's company. Shepherd went as far to challenge Ghost Gal in a special Duel - the ante was to have the opponent's avatar deleted, thus making them unable to log into LINK VRAINS forever. Ghost Gal accepted, and wished Blue Gal to keep Aqua safe, while she confronted her brother, Shepherd, in the Speed Duel. [36]  By summoning a " Drone Corporal " and setting a card, Shepherd ended his first turn. Ghost Gal added that she found out about Shepherd's identity, as Kenneth Drayden - her half-brother. She also knew about the car incident, but commented it was no reason to hate the Ignis. Shepherd silenced her, envious that she had a good childhood. He exclaimed his father abandoned him and his mother, and later found out to have started a new family, with his new daughter, Emma Bessho. Ghost Gal tried to reason with Shepherd, who fired a shot and wanted the Duel to continue. [2] 
 Ghost Gal used " Infinite Impermanence " to negate the effects of "Drone Corporal", whose effect triggered to negate Ghost Gal's card. Though this backfired, Ghost Gal summoned "Altergeist Multifaker" by its effect. Preparing her field with "Meluseek" and "Marionetter", and the latter set " Altergeist Haunted Rock " to Ghost Gal's field, who activated that card by sending an "Altergeist" card from her hand to the GY. Using "Meluseek" and "Multifaker", Ghost Gal Link Summoned "Altergeist Hexstia". Next, Ghost Gal sent "Altergeist Haunted Rock" to her GY to have "Hexstia" Special Summon the monster she recently sent, the  Tuner monster  " Altergeist Fifinellag ". Using the latter and "Marionetter" as materials, Ghost Gal  Synchro Summoned  " Altergeist Dragvirion ". Shepherd attempted to counter her tactics by using " Capture Drone " to prevent "Altergeist Hexstia" from attacking, who tributed "Dragvirion" to negate Shepherd's Trap. Shepherd commented tributing her Synchro Monster was a big price to pay just to negate his card. Ghost Gal reminded her turn was not yet over, and revived "Dragvirion" by its effect, and "Hexstia" gained 2200 ATK. [2] 
 Belittling Shepherd for wasting his Trap, Emma had "Altergeist Dragvirion" destroy "Drone Corporal", and inflicted 600 LP damage to Shepherd. Confident in her victory, Ghost Gal had "Hexstia" attack Shepherd, who sent " Drone Asteroid " from his hand to the GY to negate that attack, and gained two " Drone Tokens ". Ghost Gal felt that Shepherd could've easily countered her attack, and ended her turn. Shepherd exclaimed he would win the next turn, and snapped his fingers. Shepherd summoned "Drone Carrier", and used it and his tokens to Link Summon "Battledrone General". Its effect revived "Drone Carrier", who Special Summoned "Drone Corporal" from his GY. He had his general target "Drone Carrier", who could attack directly, and even attempt to inflict damage by its ATK, if tributed afterwards. He had "Drone Corporal" attack Ghost Gal directly by its effect, and " Battledrone General " could also tribute it to inflict damage to Ghost Gal. She played "Altergeist Kunquery" to stop the attack, and negate the effects of "Battledrone General". [2] 
 Shepherd exclaimed he didn't actually want to attack Ghost Gal directly; using " Drone Force Tuning ", he used two of his monsters for Synchro Summon. Ghost Gal used "Hexstia" to tribute "Dragvirion" to negate that effect, but Shepherd stated his Spell's effects could not be negated. Despite this, Ghost Gal revived "Dragvirion" and boosted the ATK of "Hexstia" back to 3700. Shepherd proceeded with the Synchro Summon of " Commandrone Double Sniper ". "Battledrone General" attacked "Altergeist Dragvirion", but Ghost Gal had it return "Altergeist Kunquery" to negate that attack. Shepherd thanked Ghost Gal for this move, as his Synchro Monster received a Drone Counter. Using "Drone Craft Force" Skill, Shepherd reduced the ATK of "Dragvirion" by 1000 and boosted the ATK of "General" by that difference. Ghost Gal used "Altergeist Kunquery" to negate the attack of "Commandrone Double Sniper", who gained the Deleted counter. This let Shepherd negate the effects of "Kunquery", destroy it and inflict 1000 LP damage to Ghost Gal. "Commandrone Double Sniper" attacked, inflicting 1000 damage to Ghost Gal. With the final move, Shepherd tributed his Synchro Monster and dealt 2000 damage to Ghost Gal, thus making her lose the Duel. [2] 
 Ghost Gal fell to the floor, unable to protect Aqua and Skye and crying that she'd lose her avatar. Just as Shepherd proceeded to erase Ghost Gal's account, she stated that their father died last year, and he wanted of Emma to help her half-brother in need. In response, Shepherd turned around and logged out. Ghost Gal deactivated her trap, thus returning to LINK VRAINS, where she met Playmaker and Soulburner. She reported that Shepherd had left, and Aqua was with Blue Gal. The latter revealed herself and Aqua, who greeted Ai, the DARK Ignis. Just as Flame went to introduce himself, Blue Gal announced her rebirth. She transformed her avatar, calling herself as Blue Maiden, and exclaimed she would now fight together with Playmaker. Ghost Gal stated now all three participants arrived. [2]  In LINK VRAINS, Blue Maiden, Playmaker, Soulburner and Ghost Gal went to the place where Aqua had been imprisoned. They went to inspect traces of Lightning's logs, but Ai found nothing. Playmaker reminded Lightning was not so careless to leave clues behind, which made Ai curse for their predicament. [37] 
 The group continued searching the network, but found no trace of Lightning. Flame and Aqua advised caution, for Lightning was the type that erased any sort of evidence. Soulburner sensed they could only wait until the situation escalates. Since LINK VRAINS was huge, Ghost Gal thought of modifying her data fireflies, but knew that would not be enough. Ai thought they needed more allies, and Ghost Gal thought of Shepherd. [38]  Later, Emma visited her father's grave, and noted her brother's presence. She thought that Kengo came to forgive his father, but he denied. Emma took note of that, and, due to the rising danger in LINK VRAINS, asked of him to join their cause. Kengo was aware the danger was about the start of the Ignis' war, and refused to join, since he worked alone. However, he advised his sister to stay out of this, as the opponent he would face was too dangerous. Playmaker regrouped with Theodore, Blue Maiden and Ghost Gal, and sensed Lightning beyond the portal. Blue Maiden exclaimed this was their opportunity to face Lightning, and Soulburner cheered her on for her bravery. The group went through the portal, where they saw Lightning and  Jin  facing The Shepeherd. Ghost Gal questioned Shepherd, who demanded of them to stay put and not to interfere. Lightning explained to the group that he wanted them invited; he Dueled Shepherd to reduce the amount of his enemies. Thus, the group watched the Duel, and noted how Shepherd timed his " Snatch Drone " destroy " Judgment Arrows ", though Lightning managed to evade its negative effects. [38] 
 Ghost Gal remained silent during their Duel, and was worried about her brother. Upon his defeat, Ghost Gal rushed to Shepherd's side, who admitted he failed to protect his sister. Shepherd, referring to her as Emma, apologized, and disappeared in a flash of light. [39]  Emma visited the graveyard, and when she thought of Kengo, she muttered "brother". As the rain poured, Emma rode through the streets when Skye reported that Playmaker and Soulburner returned to LINK VRAINS. Later, Emma joined Skye, and the two watched the Gore Duel Playmaker. [40]  Blue Maiden and Ghost Gal met up with Playmaker and Soulburner. Blue Maiden and Ghost Gal noticed someone crashing into a building, which made Ghost Gal think it was a fool that could not control his D-Board. Much to everyone's shock, Playmaker stated that Varis wanted to meet with them. Playmaker didn't know why would Varis want to talk with them, but Soulburner wanted to know how could he even know where Playmaker even was. Ai mentioned that Varis knew Playmaker's identity, as he knows about Soulburner's, much to the latter's shock. [41] 
 Flame asked Soulburner to calm down, since Varis, as the leader of the Knights of Hanoi, knew who was involved in the Lost Incident. Ai admitted that they also knew Varis' identity, which surprised Blue Maiden and Ghost Gal. The latter wanted to know who that was, but Ai replied that she could ask Varis herself. Aqua feared an incoming trap, but Ai stated they were not enemies, at least, for Varis gave them a protection program. Aqua still thought this could be a trap, but Ghost Gal wanted to stay, since she had a score to settle with the guy. Despite this, Soulburner was disturbed. As they waited, the area they were in was shielded with a program, as Varis arrived through a portal. Varis noted everyone was present. Ghost Gal demanded to know the meaning behind the barrier. Varis simply stated this was to ensure nobody could spy on them. He wanted to join the group, since they had a common enemy to defeat: Lightning and his group. Aqua noted that he did speak the truth, but Ghost Gal wanted to know the reason behind that, since he wished to eliminate all the Ignis. [41] 
 He wanted to join the main group to fight the enemy, hence why he wanted Shepherd to join them, who refused, but still gave him the advice on how to fight the enemy. He reminded that Shepherd's Dueling was perfect, but the Light Ignis was more powerful, and ended up taking Shepherd's consciousness. He knew the enemy was plotting something, and they had act immediately on finding them. Much to Blue Maiden's shock, Soulburner felt grudge for the Lost Incident project, and wanted to avenge his parents by Dueling Varis. [41]  Blue Maiden wondered what'd Varis do, and Ghost Gal reminded he was a serious Duelist that would push his challenger to the limits. Much to their surprise, Varis drew a card and passed his turn. Aqua didn't sense anything from Varis. Soulburner demanded a reason for the lack of action, but Varis refused to answer. Soulburner summoned " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar ", and had "Heatleo" attack Varis directly, successfully inflicting 2300 LP damage. As he went to attack directly with "Jack Jaguar", Soulburner screamed and fell to his knees. He realized he wouldn't accomplish anything by defeating Varis like that. [42] 
 Varis asked if he was satisfied, but Soulburner denied, since he didn't know anything about Varis. Varis replied he was Ryoken Kogami, son of Doctor Kiyoshi Kogami, who initiated the Lost Incident. Everyone was shocked that Varis revealed his identity like that. Soulburner was still not satisfied, but Playmaker added that Varis was eight years old during the project, and he felt guilt about the whole project. Ai noted that Varis actually saved them, and that  Doctor Kogami  had passed away, which frustrated Soulburner. Varis told him they would work together only to defeat the Light Ignis. He reminded once that was done, they would return on being enemies, since they still protect their Ignises. Soulburner calmed down, while Varis wanted to show them something. Since Aqua noted Varis' heart was pure, Blue Maiden and Ghost Gal decided to tag along, while Soulburner swore to fight Varis if he was to trick them. [42] 
 Varis snapped his fingers, conjuring a portal for the group. They went to the place that Varis recently visited, the ruins of the Tower of Hanoi. Soulburner realized they were in the old LINK VRAINS, which was in ruins. Blue Maiden thought that Varis would reconstruct the tower. Varis confirmed this, for it was the only way to find the Light Ignis. In fact, by scanning the network, Varis believed they could find his hideout. However, he needed a programmer that knew about the Ignis algorithm. Ghost Gal noted that was the reason why he sought Shepherd out. Blue Maiden sensed the risk of using the Tower of Hanoi, since Varis could simply use it as a weapon to delete everything, as he did with Ghost Gal. Varis showed them a program that they could use to simply stop the tower's reconstruction. Playmaker accepted this deal, since they all had to work together to build a new future. Frog and Pigeon were shocked to see Playmaker and Varis teaming up, and wanted to make a new story out of it. However, Varis knew they were hiding behind a rock; to stop them, he locked them up. Outside of LINK VRAINS, Skye and Emma gave approval for this plan, as they analyzed Varis' program. As the rest of the group scanned the network, Ghost Gal remained in LINK VRAINS to warn Akira about the incoming danger. [42]  Ghost Gal continued observing the cyberspace, for people have began noticing strange glitches, believing it to be SOL Technologies' work. [43] 
 She was accompanied by Akira, just as LINK VRAINS started to tremble. [44]  LINK VRAINS started to flicker, and Akira asked of Ghost Gal what was going on. She explained it was the interference of Mirror LINK VRAINS, which was created for the Ignis to stage their rebellion against humanity. As Akira wondered why would the Ignis do that, Ghost Gal reported that Playmaker and others joined up with Varis and went into that world. Akira became concerned to hear the Knights of Hanoi were helping them, but Ghost Gal cut the talk, as she received the video from Playmaker's ally of Bohman facing Blue Maiden, the latter being Akira's sister. When Blue Maiden mentioned Miyu Sugisaki, Akira remembered that friend of Skye's, while Ghost Gal added she was also a victim of the Lost Incident. When Blue Maiden took an attack from " Cubic Hydradrive Lord ", Akira became concerned how much damage she had taken. He believed due to his employment in SOL Technologies was why Skye was involved in this cause. He exclaimed it was his responsibility to raise her, and was why he wanted her to stay away from this digital world. He didn't expect her involvement with the Lost Incident was much earlier. When Bohman let out a blast, LINK VRAINS started shaking; Akira received reports from Hayami that someone was interfering with the system, so nobody could log out. [45] 
 Akira and Ghost Gal went to the basement of the central stadium, to trigger a program to force everyone to log out of LINK VRAINS. He went to the computer to authorize this action, but was rejected. As he and Ghost Gal wondered about this problem, the screen showed Blue Maiden and Bohman, which made Akira realize the latter wanted him to watch this Duel. Ghost Gal watched the Duel, and looked at Akira, who wailed in despair at the loss of his sister. [46]  He contacted Hayami, demanding of everyone in the company to find a way to rescue Blue Maiden. Ghost Gal reminded him he had people to take care of, for many accounts could not log out. Akira realized she was correct, and instead, he asked of Hayami to look after the people in LINK VRAINS. Soon, another screen showed up, showing Playmaker facing his ally, Kolter. [47] 
 The two continued watching the Duels, shocked to see even Varis deleted. Ghost Gal reminded that Spectre, Shepherd, Soulburner and Blue Maiden were also the victims of these battles. The latter became sad upon hearing the latter's name, while Ghost Gal exclaimed they could not wait around any longer. She reminded that they had to help other people out; since they could not log out, Akira thought of restarting the system. Ghost Gal feared that would have an impact on everyone, hurting them mentally. Akira knew that consequence, but feared of worse possibilities if they did nothing. As they saw Bohman using an Ignis algorithm to create a sphere, Akira and Ghost Gal went to reboot the system. As Bohman used Master Storm Access Skill, Ghost Gal and Akira became concerned, as the people hit by the sphere's beam fell unconscious. [48] 
 
         Ghost Gal brings out the virus bomb she intends to use to destroy the Neuron Link.     
 Ghost Gal and Akira were terrified of this situation, as the Neuron Link was absorbing more and more people, and thought they needed to stop this as soon as possible. Amidst the trouble, Hayami reported that more people have been logging in to LINK VRAINS, due to the news, which made Akira remark that Bohman baited foolish people in to fall victims to his Neuron Link system. He noticed that Bohman was selecting people by the order of their logins, but feared he and Ghost Gal would soon fall prey. Akira hoped they could shut down the system, but Ghost Gal admitted it was too much to handle all these accounts at once. As they were working, they were contacted by  Faust  of the Knights of Hanoi. They were told of the possibility to separate the LINK VRAINS and its mirror counterpart by overloading the systems, just at the moment when Bohman would activate his Skill. Akira still distrusted the Knights of Hanoi, but Ghost Gal reminded that their leader, Varis, had been defeated, they wanted revenge. Akira briefly thought of Skye, while Ghost Gal anticipated his decision. Akira decided to execute the plan, while Ghost Gal showed a virus bomb, which should overload the system. [49] 
 
         Ghost Gal collapses after her consciousness is absorbed by the Neuron Link system.     
 Akira and Ghost Gal were working on overloading the system. The latter noticed that there were less logins, realizing how bad the situation was. Akira nevertheless wanted to destroy Bohman, to reduce the number of victims. As Bohman proceeded to activate his Skill, Akira and Ghost Gal pressed a button. However, the virus bomb did not activate, as LINK VRAINS' security prevented that, so Akira went on to activate it manually. Suddenly, a bolt from Neuron Link shot out to strike Akira, but Emma pushed him out of the way, and got hit instead. Emma left the case to Akira before blacking out, which made Akira mortified. [50] 
 
 Season three 
 After Bohman's defeat, Akira and Ghost Gal, their consciousness having returned, regroup with Playmaker, Soulburner and Blue Maiden. The two wondered why Bohman freed the lives of so many people, to which Ai believed that it was simply his pride. The group watched as the Mirror LINK VRAINS faded, seeing it was truly over. [51] 
 Akira called upon the heroes for a meeting: they were joined by Shepherd, the Gore and Ghost Gal, who also came on Akira's request. The Gore wanted to thank Playmaker, who waondered the purpose behind that gratitude. Unnamed sensed something large must've happened if Akira assembled everyone in this meeting. Akira explained that the top executive, Queen, had been attacked recently. He feared he'd be the next target, as he had the other piece of the keycard to the central computer. Unnamed stated that SOL Technologies has a share over the network's infrastructure, which could easily be destroyed. Blue Maiden added that they'd have control over  SOLtiS  androids, too. Akira told that the culprit even revealed their identity, and played the message they had left behind. He showed Ai and  Roboppi , who threatened to attack Akira and take his keycard in three days. [52] 
 Ghost Gal and the rest were shocked that the DARK Ignis was behind that. Soulburner demanded the reason why would Ai do this. Akira had no answer, but that Ai had declared a war. Ghost Gal noticed that Ai sought revenge on the company, and Shepherd assumed it was just because he was an AI program. He assumed Playmaker knew where he was, but Soulburner and Akira wanted of Shepherd to cease his accusations. Akira reminded he fought for AI and humanity to cooperate together, but some assumed Playmaker would've done something about that by now. Akira turned to Playmaker, asking for his help, knowing he knew Ai more than anyone else, even if his innermost feelings were conflicted about Ai. Some time later, Ghost Gal and the rest regrouped in LINK VRAINS. Playmaker was absent, as Akira thought that'd be the case. Soon, they were joined by the Knights of Hanoi, as Akira called them for help. [52] 
 Ghost Gal asked didn't they hate SOL Technologies, to which Varis stated that the LIGHT Ignis has revealed his true colors, and their thirst for revenge faded away. Blue Maiden reminded everyone of their crimes, of which Varis was aware of, and admitted they would turn themselves in once the mission was over. Ghost Gal realized that'd show SOL Technologies was involved as well, and Akira would take the blame, too, despite having no actual involvement. Akira showed pictures of the cyberspace, believing Ai and Roboppi were near it. He showed two routes out of the central station. He deployed Shepherd, Ghost Gal and Specter to the eastern route. Before going, on Akira's request, Varis gave  Pandor  to Blue Maiden, Ghost Gal and the Gore to help them out. [52]  Ghost Gal rode with Ghost Gal and Shepherd around cyberspace. The latter two encountered Roboppi, who recognized the duo. Pandor warned Ghost Gal that she had no data on Roboppi's Dueling experience. Roboppi wanted them to lower their Dueling experience, as he was a new Duelist. Shepherd was surprised that Roboppi wanted to fight them on at the same time, but Ghost Gal thought it was for the best to quickly end this Duel. [53] 
 Roboppi let the tag team decide who'd go first, to which Ghost Gal thought he was underestimating them. Roboppi was simply excited, stating he won't even use his Skill. Ghost Gal began to wonder if Roboppi was simply underestimating them, but Roboppi simply wanted to gain experience from this. Shepherd commented he'd never thought that a simple AI would look down on him, and speed up. He swarmed the field with " Duplicate Drone " and "Scud Drone", using the latter as Link Material for " Battledrone Sergeant ", then other two drones to Link Summon " Battledrone Warrant ", and finally the two Link Monsters for "Battledrone General". Roboppi became excited that the ace monster already appeared, while Shepherd revived "Battledrone Warrant". Roboppi became excited, as he swarmed the field with " Appliancer Socketrolls ". Ghost Gal applauded Roboppi for summoning three monsters this quickly, who used two copies of the monster to Link Summon " Appliancer Celtopus ", while the third copy for " Appliancer Vacculephant ". As it was co-linked, "Vacculephant" went to destroy "Warrant", but Shepherd played "Camouflage Drone", to protect his drones from being targeted or destroyed by card effects, as well as being destroyed in battle. Roboppi was displeased he could not play his tactic, and used "Appliancer Reuse" to revive "Socketroll" and use it as Link Material for " Appliancer Propelion ". Roboppi's "Vacculephant" went to attack Shepherd's "Warrant", and his monster gained 2000 ATK for each co-link to "Appliancer Celtopus". [53] 
 To minimize the damage, Shepherd played his "Drone Craft Force" Skill to reduce the ATK of "Vacculephant" by 800, and have his "Warrant" gain that much ATK - 200 per each Drone in his GY. Thus, he took 200 LP damage. However, "Propelion" gained the same ATK boost, and Shepherd suffered 1200 LP damage. Roboppi cheered that he got to inflict so much damage in one turn. Ghost Gal noted he fought well for a kid, but Shepherd warned her he was an AI, and a dangerous one. Roboppi explained that his "brother" taught him that humans were mean, as they harmed the planet, and he wanted to fight them and absorb them as experience points. Ghost Gal tried to understand Roboppi, but Shepherd thought it was futile to understand an AI, whose free will made them humanity's worst enemy. Roboppi let Ghost Gal fight, who summoned "Altergeist Marionetter". It let Ghost Gal set and play "Altergeist Haunted Rock" in the same turn. Its activation let Ghost Gal chain the summon of "Altergeist Multifaker", who was used with "Marionetter" to Link Summon "Altergeist Hexstia". Next, she used " Altergeist Fijialert " to summon it to the zone "Battledrone General" pointed to. With Shepherd's permission, she convered "Warrant" into an "Altergeist", then used the two monsters, along with " Altergeist Pookuery " in her hand, as Link Materials to summon " Altergeist Memorygant ". It co-linked with "Hexstia", who gained its ATK, raising it to 4300. [53] 
 Roboppi felt overwhelmed, but Ghost Gal merely explained it to be the power of the bond she shares with her brother, and swore she'd defeat him with that card. [53]  Roboppi admitted the duo was pretty strong. Ghost Gal revived "Scud Drone" with the effect of "General", to draw one card and set it. Due to the effect of "General", Ghost Gal inflicted 1600 LP damage to Roboppi (800 for direct attacck and 800 for tributing it). Roboppi became displeased that his opponents now had more LP than he did, but resolved himself to do his best. Pandor complimented Ghost Gal for effective use of his partner's cards. Ghost Gal thanked the AI, and had "Altergeist Hexstia" attack "Vacculephant". "Celtopus" granted the latter 2000 ATK, and "Propelion" cut the ATK of "Hexstia" in half. Ghost Gal's offense was repelled and her LP was lowered to 1750. Roboppi cheered that his tactic succeded, but Shepherd asked of Ghost Gal not to hold back, and to Duel in her own way. Ghost Gal thanked him, and used the effect of "Hexstia" to return "Kunquery" to her hand, then tributed Shepherd's "Battledrone General" to activate the effect of her "Altergeist Memorygant". [54] 
 "Memorygant" gained the ATK of "General", 2400, its ATK becoming 5200. Roboppi became surprised, but he activated the effect of "Celtopus" to grant the attack target, "Vacculephant", 2000 ATK. Still, "Memorygant" dealt a serious blow that lowered Roboppi's LP to 200. Finally, "Memorygant" destroyed "Properlion" by its effect. Ghost Gal went to attack once more, surprising Roboppi, since she should've used up all her attacks. Ghost Gal explained that "Memorygant" could attack once more if its effect was activated. Roboppi was overwhelmed, but played "Appliancer Beakerbuncle" in his hand to prevent the battle damage and to protect "Appliancer Celtopus". Ghost Gal and Shepherd were surprised, and the latter ended her turn. Roboppi cheered, but Pandor reminded him he still had no cards in his hand. Thus, Roboppi bet all on his draw of destiny: he activated " Appliancer Test " to bring back the Link-1 "Appliancer" monsters in his GY - "Vacculephant" and "Propelion", but with ther ATK 0. Moreover, Roboppi used  "Propelion" to Link Summon " Appliancer Laundry Dragon ". Shepherd suspected something, which Roboppi confirmed: "Vacculephant" went to destroy "Memorygant". [54] 
 To protect her ace monster, Ghost Gal banished "Battledrone General" from the GY instead. Roboopy's "Laundry Dragon" attacked "Memorygant" to banish it with its effect, while taking no battle damage. Shepherd frowned, while Ghost Gal summoned "Altergeist Kunquery" to negate the attack, as well as to negate the effects of Roboppi's "Laundry Dragon". Finally, Roboppi bet all on his " Appliancer Conversion " to banish all of his Link-1 monsters and re-summon them. Ghost Gal wondered if he was going to use their effects again, but Shepherd denied, since Roboppi summoned them in different Main Monster Zones, so they were not co-linked to "Celtopus". Roboppi smiled, for his monsters had different effects, depending on whether they were co-linked or not. "Vacculephant" made a direct attack on Ghost Gal, inflicting 1500 LP damage. "Laundry Dragon" went to make another attack. Per Pandor's advice, Ghost Gal played her Skill, Secret Cure. The monster she drew was "Altergeist Marionetter", and both sides got 1600 LP bonus. Roboppi was still smug, for "Laundry Dragon" destroyed "Memorygant" and inflicted damage to Ghost Gal equal to its ATK, 2800. [54] 
 
         Ghost Gal and Shepherd work together as siblings in LINK VRAINS' missions.     
 Shepherd took the hit, which shocked Ghost Gal. Shepherd admitted that Ghost Gal calmed his rage. He thanked Emma Bessho, who apologized that they both lost. The two tried to reach out to each other, but both were deleted. [54]  Three months later, after Ai's defeat, Ghost Gal and Shepherd were riding past Frog and Piegon, who were being chased around by monsters, in LINK VRAINS, with their "Altergeist Memorygant" and "Commandrone Double Sniper". Ghost Gal asked of her brother to take the monsters to the left, to which Shepherd complied. [55] 
 
 Deck 
         Emma (as Ghost Gal) and " Altergeist Primebanshee ".     
 Emma uses an  " Altergeist " Deck . Her main tactic seems to  swarm  her  field  with monsters in order to set up various combos with Trap Cards. She tends to use the effect " Altergeist Marionetter " to set Traps directly to her field from her Deck, but will also use hand traps unexpectedly, such as the effect of " Altergeist Kunquery ", even when she has multiple face-downs on the field. Furthermore, she uses the effect of " Altergeist Primebanshee " to swap out her monsters for ones in her Deck, giving her various advantages over her opponents, depending on the moves that they make. As noted by Ai, this gives her a very solid wall of defense.
 At some point following the collapse of the Tower of Hanoi, Emma incorporated Synchro Summoning into her Deck, taking advantage of her Synchro Monster " Altergeist Dragvirion ", which lets it be automatically re-summoned if tributed by effects.
 When playing with Ai, Emma is shown to have another Deck that she keeps in a separate pocket that contains a copy of " Fake Trap ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Altergeist Fijialert 
 Altergeist Kunquery  x2 [Notes 1] 
 Altergeist Marionetter  x2 
 Altergeist Meluseek  x2 [Notes 2] 
 Altergeist Multifaker  x2 
 Altergeist Pookuery 
 Altergeist Silquitous  x2 [Notes 3] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Altergeist Fifinellag Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Altergeist Dragvirion 
 Link Monsters 
 Altergeist Hexstia 
 Altergeist Kidolga 
 Altergeist Memorygant 
 Altergeist Primebanshee Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mistaken Arrest [Notes 4] 
 Twin Twisters [Notes 4] 
 Traps 
 Altergeist Camouflage  x2 [Notes 5] 
 Altergeist Haunted Rock 
 Altergeist Manifestation  x2 
 Altergeist Protocol  x2 
 Infinite Impermanence 
 Personal Spoofing [Notes 6] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 14 - 15 
 Lose
 
 
 Ryoken Kogami/Varis 
 30 - 31 
 Lose
 
 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Battler 
 60 
 Win
 
 
 Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd 
 77 
 Lose
 
 
 Roboppi 
 106 - 107 
 Lose (with Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd)
 
 
 Trivia 
 Throughout the  VRAINS  anime, Emma has never won a  Speed Duel .
 This is parallel to  Skye , who has never won a  Master Duel . 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   2.6   2.7   2.8   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 77: " A Family Reunion " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 8: " A Storm is Coming " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 30: " Under VRAINS " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 53: " The Shepherd " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 7: " Fallen Angel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 9: " Malicious Mayhem " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 10: " Eye of the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 11: " Neutralized " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 12: " Link the Circuit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 13: " Playback " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   12.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 14: " An Invitation " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 15: " Camouflaged Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 16: " Hack Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 17: " Blue's Back! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 18: " Dueling for Answers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 19: " The Lost Incident " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 20: " A Piece of the Puzzle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 22: " The Deleted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 24: " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 25: " Suture the Circuit " 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 31: " Showdown in the Sewers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 46: " Link to the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 47: " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 48: " Shed Some Light " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 49: " Bring the Heat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 50: " A Common Cause " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   28.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 55: " A Windy Welcome " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 56: " Blue Gal Battles! " 
 
 ↑  30.0   30.1   30.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 60: " Sidekick Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 61: " Darkness Dawns " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 62: " Fearing the Worst " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 63: " Scare Tactics " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 74: " Brain Hack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 75: " Earthfall " 
 
 ↑  36.0   36.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 76: " Awakened Memories " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 78: " From One Hunter To Another " 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 79: " The Hunt Is On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 80: " Lightning Strikes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 81: " Heart of Darkness " 
 
 ↑  41.0   41.1   41.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 83: " Reaching Out " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   42.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 84: " Payback " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 85: " My Brother’s Keeper " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 86: " The Weakest Link " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 90: " For a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 91: " From the Heart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 92: " Fight with a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 99: " Bohman’s End Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 100: " I Know Everything " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 101: " Ai of the Beholder " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 103: " Reflections " 
 
 ↑  52.0   52.1   52.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 105: " Unlikely Alliance " 
 
 ↑  53.0   53.1   53.2   53.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 106: " Roboppi Mops Up " 
 
 ↑  54.0   54.1   54.2   54.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 107: " Cleaning House " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 120: " Journey's End " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   A second copy is  added  to her  hand  via the  effect  of " Altergeist Meluseek " in  episode 15 . 
 
 ↑   A second copy is  added  to her  hand  via her Secret Cure  Skill  in  episode 15 . 
 
 ↑   A second copy can be seen when she searches  Deck  via the  effect  of " Altergeist Marionetter " in  episode 14 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   This card can be seen when she searches her  Deck  via the  effect  of  Varis ' " Red Reboot " in  episode 31 . 
 
 ↑   A second copy of this card is  excavated  via her Secret Cure  Skill  in  episode 15 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when she searches her  Deck  via the  effect  of " Altergeist Marionetter " in  episode 14 . 
 
 
 v e 
Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) pages 
 Anime 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime   characters Six victims of  Lost  Incident 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Miyu Sugisaki 
 Windy's partner 
 Cyberse World 
 Ai 
 Aqua 
 Earth 
 Flame 
 Lightning 
 Linkuriboh 
 Windy 
 Echo 
 Den City 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 MC 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Frog 
 Nathaniel (Isomaki) 
 Pigeon 
 Gore's manager 
 Roboppi 
 Den City orphanage owner 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd (Kengo Dojun/Blood Shepherd) 
 Den City High School  students 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner 
 SOL Technologies 
 Akira Zaizen 
 Bishop 
 Knight 
 Rook 
 Kitamura 
 Risa Hayami 
 Prototype Ai-A 
 Prototype Ai-B 
 Queen 
 King (VRAINS) 
 Kenmochi 
 Yoroizaka 
 George Gore/The Gore (Go Onizuka) 
 Playmaker's faction 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Ai 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Flame 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Gal (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Girl/Blue Maiden) 
 Aqua 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Ryoken Kogami/Varis (Revolver) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Kiyoshi Kogami 
 Dr. Genome 
 Aso/Faust 
 Clarissa Turner/Baira (Kyoko Taki/Baira) 
 Pandor 
 Lightning's faction 
 Lightning 
 Windy 
 Bit 
 Boot 
 Bohman 
 Harlin (Haru) 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Other characters 
 Ryujiro Mizunuma 
 Kiku Kamishirakawa 
 Theodore's grandfather 
 Theodore's grandmother 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/EmaBessho.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171101113136', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Ghost_Girl_VR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170824195108', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/FullEmaBessho.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170524181532', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Ghost_Girl_VR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170824195108', None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Linkvrainstrap.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170706232405', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Ghost_Girl_VRAINS_appearance.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170808214910', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Emma_logs_in_network.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170820134146', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Ghost_Girl_program.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170820134139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Playmaker_saves_Ghost_Girl.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170824142738', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Excode_Talker_defeats_Ghost_Girl.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170824142739', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/Ghost_Girl%27s_diamond.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170906193240', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Ghost_Girl_bumps_into_Revolver.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171208225913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Ghost_Girl_vanishes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171213221413', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Emma_wakes_up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180404203304', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Ghost_Girl_not_getting_paid_enough.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180609224412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Ghost_Gal_and_the_virus_bomb.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190501215720', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Ghost_Gal_got_absorbed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190513113421', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Ghost_Gal_and_Shepherd_in_the_future.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190926181748', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Emma_Bessho_Deck_Picture.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/270?cb=20171115181434']
Categories: Characters, Emma Bessho pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS characters