Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_008


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 008 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 風 を 操 りし 者 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kaze o Ayatsurishi Mono 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The One Who Commands the Wind 
 
 
 English 
 A Storm is Coming 
 
 
 Number 
 008 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 5, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 23, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shin Yoshida 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuyuki Fuse 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Sung-jin Lee Hyeon-guk Kang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fallen Angel " 
 " Malicious Mayhem " 
 
 
 
 
 "A Storm is Coming" , known as  "The One Who Commands the Wind"  in the Japanese version, is the eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 5, 2017, and became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll. It aired on Teletoon on September 23, 2018. Pluto TV premiered the English dub on December 11, 2020 in the US.
 Due to  Hanoi 's program,  Skye Zaizen  is now in a comatose state. Feeling responsible for dragging her into his battle against Hanoi,  Yusaku  tries to investigate the cause of this together with  Kolter . However, Blue Angel, who is supposed to be in a coma, then appears on  the city 's monitors, and challenges Playmaker to a rematch!
 
 Summary 
 Akira Zaizen  sees Blue Angel's defeat in  LINK VRAINS , and frantically tries to contact someone for help. Meanwhile, Playmaker and  Ai  are tending to Blue Angel inside a virtual forest. Ai erases the corrupt data from Blue Angel, who continues to remain unconscious. Therefore, Playmaker logs out. 
 Some time later, Yusaku rushes to a rooftop at school to locate Skye. Yusaku hears a beeping noise and moves closer to its source, revealed to be an unconscious Skye. She is rushed to an emergency ward in hospital. Akira sees Skye on the care unit being moved to a general ward, and has to be restrained by one of the paramedics, who assures that Skye will be fine. Akira turns to face Yusaku from behind, who says Skye has been unconscious ever since he called the paramedics. Akira wonders how Yusaku found Skye, but Yusaku gives nothing away, claiming to have just passed her by. Yusaku turns to leave, but Akira calls for his name in order to say thanks.
 Akira soon looks over at Skye from behind a window of the general ward that she has been moved to. The doctors concede that they haven't been able to wake Skye up. However, Akira is certain that the last person Skye has met is hiding something. From a corner,  Emma Bessho  eavesdrops. Yusaku, meanwhile, is back at his home figuring out his next steps. Ai knows that without a cure, Skye will never wake up. Some time later, Akira is called to  SOL Technologies ' virtual office to be interrogated by their higher-ups.  Rook  says they were never told of Akira's kinship with Blue Angel.  Knight  is aware that Blue Angel was corrupted by a card given to her by the  Knights of Hanoi . Therefore, the higher-ups at SOL can no longer trust Akira with the position of security chief, suspecting him of collusion with the Knights of Hanoi. Akira tells Rook, Knight and  Bishop  that they jumped to conclusions. He believes that Playmaker has also known Blue Angel's identity just as his three higher-ups did, accusing Playmaker of framing him just when Akira himself was trying to discover Playmaker's identity. Akira's higher-ups therefore give him time. 
 At night, Akira is chauffeured to the  Den City  bridge to meet with Emma. Emma knows Akira is in trouble with his higher-ups, revealing that she tipped them off. Akira wastes no time and negotiates a price for Emma's services, which he knows can bring Playmaker to him. Akira believes that Playmaker knows how to cure his sister, but is no match for his retribution. At the Hanoi's base,  Dr. Kogami  congratulates  Varis  for ensnaring Playmaker into their trap. They know that Playmaker, the one with the  Ignis  they are looking for, will come to them eventually, in order to save Blue Angel. 
 At  Café Nom , which is closed,  Kolter  reveals to Yusaku what he found after hacking into the hospital's security - Skye's condition has not improved. Ai postulates that she may be infected with a virus, clarifying that it happened when she played " Dark Angel ". Meanwhile,  Frog  and  Pigeon  are searching for Blue Angel inside LINK VRAINS. After Pigeon tires carrying Frog while flying, they land on a porch to search instead, but are attacked by  Eagle , who threatens to eat both of them. Eagle is then knocked away by something arriving from a portal, which Frog and Pigeon recognize as Blue Angel. The Den City plaza's billboard as well as all other LINK VRAINS feeds broadcast Blue Angel's request for a rematch with Playmaker. 
 Kolter knows clearly, from Blue Angel's real identity and the fact that Skye is still comatose, that the Blue Angel in LINK VRAINS is not real. Yusaku gets ready to log in, but is warned by Kolter and Ai that it's a trap. Yusaku notes his three reasons for going, but Ai knows that Yusaku is risking him. After logging in, Playmaker lands on the building where the fake Blue Angel is waiting. Frog and Pigeon fly over for a scoop. Meanwhile,  Naoki Shima  sees the potential Blue Angel vs. Playmaker rematch on the plaza's billboard. Frog and Pigeon are caught by surprise when they hear Playmaker himself reveal Blue Angel is someone else in disguise. 
 The fake Blue Angel throws a rose in front of Playmaker, which transforms into a force field that immobilizes Playmaker and spreads across LINK VRAINS. The virtual buildings give way and all others are logged out. The feeds are interrupted as well, as noticed by Kolter, who also finds out that Playmaker is unable to log out. Kolter hacks into SOL's secret access camera to continue to monitor Playmaker's progress, where he sees that Playmaker has been immobilized. The fake Blue Angel brings Playmaker into the building they are on top of. Playmaker finds himself looking directly at the real, yet comatose, Blue Angel. The fake Blue Angel removes her disguise and declares her real name, Ghost Gal. At the same time, Akira Zaizen logs in and confronts the still-trapped Playmaker, accusing him of hurting his sister. Playmaker says the Knights of Hanoi did it, but Akira accuses Playmaker of lying. 
 Akira uses a power to make the skeletal structure that Playmaker is trapped in, grip him harder. He also demands for the cure he believes Playmaker to have. At this point, Ai speaks up. Akira ignores him and torments Playmaker further. At this point, a flash of light enters through the building, striking between Akira and Playmaker. Someone emerges from it - a certain someone that Ai recognizes. All three of Playmaker, Ghost Gal and Akira recognize him as well - Varis, the leader of the Knights of Hanoi. Varis dismisses Ghost Gal and Akira, but when they refuse to leave, Varis conjures up a  Data Storm . Varis claims he can destroy LINK VRAINS by himself, but only came for Playmaker and his Ignis. Varis finally reveals that Blue Angel was infected by a virus spread by the Knights of Hanoi when she played their card, and that he has the cure to revive Blue Angel. Akira asks why Varis did it, but Varis says it could have happened to anyone, and someone was willing to fall for it in order to bring Playmaker to him. 
 Varis tells Ghost Gal and Akira to stand back and watch, as he will be the one who ends Playmaker with a duel. Varis says he will surrender the cure for Blue Angel should Playmaker win. But should Varis win, he will get what he wants, and Blue Angel will be trapped in LINK VRAINS forever. Akira still does not trust Playmaker, but Varis says Akira has no say in the matter. As a result, Akira is forced to free Playmaker so that he can duel Varis. Varis then leaves in a Data Storm. Before Playmaker can go after him, Akira asks whether he is willing to do all this despite accusing him of all that happened in the first place. Playmaker forgives Akira, and also says he will never forgive the Knights of Hanoi.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.
 
 
 News footage Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Encode Talker 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 ผู้ควบคุมสายลม
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Vrains_008.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170705130459', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes