Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ishizu_Ishtar_(Duel_Links)


 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 イシズ・イシュタール 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Marik Ishtar  (younger brother) Odion Ishtar  (adopted older brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Ishizu Deck Calamity Suppression Defender of a Secret Art Gravekeeper's Destiny Gravekeeper's Path Gravekeeper's Destiny Exchange of the Spirit Alluring Tactics 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Karen Neill 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Sumi Shimamoto 
 
 
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Ishizu Ishtar , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 She appears in-game after the player claims her Character Unlock Mission reward for successfully Summoning 200  LIGHT  monsters.
 Yellow  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Ishizu Ishtar at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown!  
 
 4.3.1   Level 20 
 4.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.4    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 4.4.1   Kuriboh Cup 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Ishizu Ishtar is a descendant of the  Gravekeeper  family who have safeguarded the  Millennium Items . She is determined to rescue her younger brother Marik from  the darkness that has overtaken him . The power of her  Millennium Necklace  allows her to see the future.
 
 Biography 
 Immediately after the player claims the reward for Ishizu Ishtar's appropriate Character Unlock Mission, they will encounter Ishizu for the first time. She remains silent for a moment, before stating she didn't expect to ever stand on the "battlefield" again - something she did not expect from Kaiba. She then questions how she has her  Millennium Necklace , having already given it to  Yugi  during  Battle City , before she begins to wonder if this world has recreated the abilities she had during Battle City. Ishizu then wonders if this means Marik is in Duel World as well. She grows saddened, as she wonders if Kaiba has basically forced her to relive the horrors she faced back then.
 Until the player manages to defeat Ishizu at least once, whenever they challenge Ishizu to a Duel, she says that she now understands that the player must defeat her if they are to proceed. She recognizes that this is her role in this world and prompts the player to defeat her in order to take control of their own destiny. However, she also warns the player that she will not make their Duel an easy one, claiming that the player will see that her strategies have no equal.
 Until the player manages to defeat Ishizu at least once, whenever they lose to her, she announces that she won because her victory was never in doubt. She then offers the player a piece of advice: Although she has the power to see the future, that does not necessarily mean that there is only one, as the future can be changed. She reminds the player that they always have the power to change the future, and urges them to believe in their cards.
 Upon Ishizu's first defeat, she will say, "Nicely done." She then tells the player that the path to the future is for them to choose, so they should choose wisely. However, she also tells them to not forget that she is forever a Duelist, as this means she may stand in their way again in the future. When that time comes, she says, the both of them should have an honorable Duel.
 After the player redeems their final unclaimed reward for Ishizu Ishtar's Character Unlock Missions, they will encounter Ishizu again, who tells the player that she attained something in her previous Duel: the light of hope. She continues by saying that even if the future is overshadowed by despair, people have the ability to change the future. She admits she cannot foresee what awaits people in Duel World, but she will keep fighting for a brighter tomorrow, and that she'll battle using her cards (which includes the " Blast Held by a Tribute " card).
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Ishizu Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Mirror  x2 
 Dryad  x3 
 Haniwa  x3 
 Mystical Capture Chain  x3 
 Nemuriko  x3 
 Spirit of the Books  x2 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (1) 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute  (glossy) 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Calamity Suppression Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Mirror  x3 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth  x3 
 Mystical Capture Chain  x3 
 Nemuriko  x3 
 Sonic Maid  x3 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x2 Spells   &  Traps  (3) 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Defender of a Secret Art Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hurricail  x3 
 Dryad  x3 
 Lady of Faith  x3 
 Spirit of the Books  x3 
 Tao the Chanter  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts  x3 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Gravekeeper's Destiny Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Cannonholder  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Chief  x2 
 Gravekeeper's Curse  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Priestess  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Recruiter  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Vassal  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts  x3 
 Hidden Temples of Necrovalley 
 Level 40 
 
 Gravekeeper's Path Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Oracle 
 Gravekeeper's Priestess  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Recruiter  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Shaman 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Necrovalley  x3 
 Traps 
 Rite of Spirit  x2 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown!  
 Level 20 
Skill: "Blast Held by a Tribute"  (Ishizu starts the Duel with Blast Held by a Tribute set.) 
 Gravekeeper's Destiny Monsters  (12
 Spirit of the Books  x3) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Agido  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Curse 
 Gravekeeper's Recruiter  x2 
 Keldo  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts  x2 
 Dragged Down into the Grave  x2 
 Spell Reproduction 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute 
 Muko  x2 
 Level 40 
Skill: "Exchange of the Spirit"  (When Ishizu has 10 or more cards in her graveyard, both players have to switch their Deck and Graveyard with each other's at the beginning of the turn, and then shuffle the deck. This Skill can only be used once per duel.) 
 Exchange of the Spirit Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Agido  x3 
 Keldo 
 Mudora  x3 
 Zolga  x3 Spells  (8) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Cestus of Dagla  x3 
 Dragged Down into the Grave  x3 
 Swords at Dawn  x2 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute  x2 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Kuriboh Cup 
 
 Alluring Tactics Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mist Valley Watcher  x2 
 Spirit of the Books  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Dragon Summoner  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Recruiter 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier  x3 
 Mist Condor  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Follow Wind 
 Gust Fan 
 Wonder Wand 
 Traps 
 Blast Held by a Tribute 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Ishizu Ishtar reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Vassal "
 
 
 4
 
 Draw Pass ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Ishizu Ishtar)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " The Eye of Truth "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Ishizu Ishtar)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " An Owl of Luck "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Curse "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Fairy's Smile ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Sebek's Blessing "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " The Eye of Truth "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " A Cat of Ill Omen "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Prescience ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Assailant "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Priestess "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Stele "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Ishizu Ishtar)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " An Owl of Luck "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " A Cat of Ill Omen "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Dragged Down into the Grave "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Mudora "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Ishizu Ishtar)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Gravekeeper's Visionary "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Ishizu Ishtar, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Blast Held by a Tribute "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gravekeeper's Chief "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Zolga "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gravekeeper's Priestess "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gravekeeper's Stele "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Silent Graveyard "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Agido "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Keldo "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Gravekeeper's Cannonholder "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dark-Piercing Light "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Hidden Temples of Necrovalley "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Doma The Angel of Silence "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Maiden of the Moonlight "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Hieroglyph Lithograph "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Fairy's Smile
 
 If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 1000 Life Points.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Prescience
 
 You can view the top card of both players' Decks until the end of the 5th turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Gravekeeper's Lot
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random " Gravekeeper's " card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 No Mortal Can Resist
 
 Can be used when your Life points are at least 2000 less than your opponent's.
 Change all monsters in the opponent's Graveyard to " Skull Servant " (Zombie-Type, DARK, Level 1, 300 ATK/200 DEF). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Sealed Tombs
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are lower than your opponent's by 1000 or more. Until the end of your opponent's next turn, neither player can banish cards from the Graveyard or Special Summon monsters from the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Seto Kaiba 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba , Ishizu announces "Kaiba... I have already seen that you will lose this Duel to me."
 When she wins the Duel, Ishizu says "Kaiba, there is no escaping your destiny." 
 When she loses the Duel, Ishizu says "Very impressive, Kaiba." followed by "You overcame your fate and changed the future." 
 Yami Marik 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Marik , Ishizu announces "My dear Marik..." followed by "I will save you from yourself." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Oracle ", a cut-in frame of Ishizu briefly appears, and she announces "I shall play this card." followed by "Gravekeeper's Oracle."
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Oracle, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Visionary ", a cut-in frame of Ishizu briefly appears, and she announces "I shall play this card." followed by "Gravekeeper's Visionary."
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Visionary, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Chief ", a cut-in frame of Ishizu's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come forth, Gravekeeper's Chief!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Chief, attack!" followed by "Royal Rage!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Shaman ", a cut-in frame of Ishizu's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come forth, Gravekeeper's Shaman!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Shaman, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summoons " Mudora ", a cut-in frame of Ishizu's face briefly appears, and she announces "Show yourself, Mudora!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mudora, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Agido ", she announces "Bear witness to Agido!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares a attack with that monster, she announces "I attack with Agido!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Agido's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of " Charm of Shabti ", she announces "Charm of Shabti's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Ambusher ", she announces "I bring out Gravekeeper's Ambusher!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Ambusher, attack!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Ambusher's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Assailant ", she announces "I bring out Gravekeeper's Assailant!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Assailant, attack!" followed by "Stealth Slice Strike!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Cannonholder ", she announces "I bring out Gravekeeper's Cannonholder."
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Cannonholder, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Commandant ", she announces "Arrive, Gravekeeper's Commandant!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Commandant, attack!" 
 When Ishizu activates that monster's effect, she announces "Gravekeeper's Commandant's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu declares a attack with " Gravekeeper's Curse ", she announces "Gravekeeper's Curse, attack!" followed by "Doomsday Purge!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Descendant ", she announces "Come to me, Gravekeeper's Descendant!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Descendant attacks!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Descendant's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu declares an attack with " Gravekeeper's Guard ", she announces "Gravekeeper's Guard, attack!" followed by "Blazing Blade Strike!" 
 When Ishizu declares an attack with " Gravekeeper's Heretic ", she announces "Gravekeeper's Heretic, attack!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Nobleman ", she announces "I bring out Gravekeeper's Nobleman!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Priestess ", she announces "Come to me, Gravekeeper's Priestess!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Priestess attacks!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Recruiter ", she announces "Come forth, Gravekeeper's Recruiter!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Recruiter, attack!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Recruiter's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier ", she announces "Arrive, Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier."
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier, attack!" followed by "Lunging Spear Assault!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Gravekeeper's Spy ", she announces "Arrive, Gravekeeper's Spy!"
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gravekeeper's Spy's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Kelbek ", she announces "Come, Kelbek!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares a attack with that monster, she announces "I attack with Kelbek!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Kelbek's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Keldo ", she announces "Come to me Keldo!"
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Keldo's effect activates!" 
 When Ishizu Summons " Zolga ", she announces "Come, Zolga!"
 Most of the time when Ishizu declares a attack with that monster, she announces "Zolga attack!" followed by "Cape of Destruction!" 
 When Ishizu activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Zolga's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Ishizu activates " Blast Held by a Tribute ", she announces "I caught you!" followed by "I activate my Trap Card! Blast Held by a Tribute!" followed by "The Tribute Summoned monster is destroyed the instant it attacks!" 
 When Ishizu activates " Cestus of Dagla ", she announces "The Equip Spell, Cestus of Dagla!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Ishizu announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Cestus of Dagla." 
 When Ishizu activates " Dragged Down into the Grave ", she announces "You shall reveal your hand to me." followed by "I activate The Spell Card, Dragged Down into the Grave!" 
 When Ishizu activates " Exchange of the Spirit ", she announces "Cards in our Graveyards will go to our Decks, and cards in our Decks will go to the Graveyard." followed by "I activate my face down card, Exchange of the Spirit!" 
 When Ishizu activates " Gravekeeper's Stele ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Gravekeeper's Stele." followed by "I add "Gravekeeper" monsters in my Graveyard to my hand." 
 When Ishizu activates " Hidden Temples of Necrovalley ", she announces "My Continuous Spell activates... Hidden Temples of Necrovalley." 
 When Ishizu activates " Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley ", she announces "I activate a face down card, Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley." followed by "I negate that activation!" 
 When Ishizu activates " Monster Reborn ", she announces "I active the Spell Card, Monster Reborn." 
 When Ishizu activates " Necrovalley ", she announces "My Field Spell activates! Necrovalley!" 
 When Ishizu activates " Null and Void ", she announces "Discard the cards you drew." followed by "I activate the Trap Card, Null and Void." 
 When Ishizu activates " Rite of Spirit ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Rite of Spirit." followed by "I revive a "Gravekeeper" from my Graveyard." 
 When Ishizu activates " Spell Reproduction ", she announces "I active my Spell Card, Spell Reproduction." 
 When Ishizu activates " Wonder Wand ", she announces "The Equip Spell, Wonder Wand!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Ishizu activates " Swords of Revealing Light ", she announces "I active this. The Spell Card, Swords of Revealing Light." 
 When Ishizu activates " Royal Tribute ", she announces "I active the Spell Card, Royal Tribute." followed by "We discard all monsters in our hands." 
 Trivia 
 While Ishizu's eyes are blue in other media, in Duel Links her eyes are a purplish red. 
 Some of the cards for which Ishizu has card-specific dialogue, such as the  Gravekeeper's  archetype, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to her video game counterparts ( Millennium Duels  and  Tag Force ) using those said cards. 
 Ishizu Ishtar,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Sera ,  Scud ,  Prana ,  Blair Flannigan , and  Carly Carmine  are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them, excluding Blair, possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , Ishizu Ishtar,  Odion ,  Maximillion Pegasus ,  Arkana ,  Espa Roba , Scud, Prana,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Syrus Truesdale , and  Sartorius Kumar  are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM)  - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine  - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton  - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki  - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi  - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes  - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix  - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  - Evolved Hassleberry 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and  Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale , and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo  and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski  and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and  Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba,  Aigami , Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Ishizu Ishtar  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/IshizuIshtar-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190614172452', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Profile-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306183851', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Icon-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164945', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Icon-DULI-IshizuIshtar2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301165913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/Chibi-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231165201', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/CutIn-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314184810', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Summoning-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190614172549', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Defeat-DULI-IshizuIshtar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307144326', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Ishizu Ishtar pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters