Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Chironex


 
 Chironex 
 
 
 
 
 
							Ordinary form
							
						 
 
 
 
							Alternative form
							
						 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Chironex 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Kurage 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 クラゲ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Barian World  ( Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World ) 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Jellyfish 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 112: " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yoshito Yasuhara 
 
 
 
 Chironex , also known as  Kurage  in the Japanese version, is a  Barian  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime, belonging to the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World . He is the self-proclaimed best  WATER  Duelist.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Chironex's human form     
 In his human form, Chironex appears as a tall pale-skinned man with turquoise eyes, long unruly white hair, and sharp nails. He wears a suit consisting of white pants, light gray boots with curled up toes, a tattered dark purple coat over a striped, frilled red shirt with a slightly torn white cape that is pink underneath, and a dark purple fedora.
 In his  Barian  form, Chironex has turquoise skin and purple lips (which makes him, along with  Heartland , the only Barian to have a moving mouth). His fedora and hair transform to resemble the dark purple and pale green bell and white tentacles of a jellyfish, respectively, with some of the tentacles hanging in front of his face, which is covered in black markings. While retaining his cape, he also possesses brown armor and has a  red crystal  just below his chest, as well as a white cloth that is pink underneath and strapped to his waist while his legs are covered in white and dark purple cloths. His jellyfish motif makes him the only member of the Fearsome Four not to be based on an insect, but jellyfish are seen as pests in the same way as the others.
 
 Personality 
 Chironex is arrogant, calling himself the greatest  WATER  Duelist. He also believes that the jellyfish is the greatest predator in the ocean.
 Due to the aforementioned belief, Chironex prefers to be addressed as  senpai  (先輩; Senior in Japanese) and refers to his opponents as  kōhai  (後輩, junior in Japanese). When angered, Chironex's speech becomes extremely slurred (In the dub, he simply insults  Shark 's skill as a Duelist).
 He is extremely passionate about WATER  monsters , to the point that he insulted Shark for playing " Skull Kraken ", as while it is an aquatic creature, it is a  DARK  monster. 
 
 Abilities 
 Chironex has the ability to turn to and from his original form, a transparent jellyfish. In his human form, he can extend tentacles from his sleeves to poison his foes. He also has the ability to appear and disappear at will, as well as turn invisible. When walking, Chironex's footsteps sometimes generate a small amount of water.
 
 Etymology 
 "Kurage" means "jellyfish". "Chironex" is derived from " chironex fleckeri ", the scientific name of the sea wasp (a species of  box jellyfish ) which is the most venomous animal in the world.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Chironex was once the mentor of  Mr. Heartland . [1]  An underworld Dueling criminal, he was involved in a car accident while fleeing from the police. The accident resulted in the deaths of him and the entire Kastle family. [2]  Chironex was eventually reincarnated as a  Barian .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Chironex was one of the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World . He was sent to  Earth  with the other members to gather the " Numbers " by  Vector . [3] 
 
         Chironex is defeated.     
 After  Erazor 's defeat at the hands of  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Trey , Vector ordered  Mr. Heartland  to send Chironex after  Shark , as both were  WATER  Duelists. To this end, Chironex infiltrated the hospital where Shark's sister  Rio  was staying. He infected her with jellyfish poison in order to lure out Shark. He cornered him at his  old house  and infected him as well, wagering the antidote on a Duel and musing that Shark looked familiar. They were interrupted by  Quattro , who joined the Duel on Shark's side, with Chironex having 8000  Life Points  and both Shark and Quattro having 2000. Chironex brought out " Number 4: Stealth Kragen ", inflicting 1600  damage  to Shark. Quattro countered with " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ". [1]  With aide of Quattro's " Celestial Strings ", Shark was able to defeat Chironex with " Number 73: Abyss Splash ". Quattro proceeded to take his "Number", while Chironex recalled that Shark was in the car that he crashed into years ago and then shockingly stated that since he was the only survivor, that Shark couldn't be standing before him right now. [2] 
 
 Deck 
 Chironex uses a  "Jellyfish-themed  WATER " Deck , primarily focused on  swarm  and  burn  tactics, centered around " Number 4: Stealth Kragen " and " Kragen Spawns ".
 
 
 Anime Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Silent Sea Nettle 
 Stinging Jellyfish Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Kragen Spawn  x3 
 Number 4: Stealth Kragen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Jelly Rain 
 Traps 
 Jelly Bind 
 Jelly Hole 
 Receding Tide 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Reginald Kastle  and  Quattro 
 114 - 115 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 114: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 115: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 112: " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/Chironex_%28human%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20201105074357', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Chironextrueform.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130728183137', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Chironex.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130721095434', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Chironex_defeated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130804133213']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters