Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Altergeist_Kunquery


 Altergeist Kunquery 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 In  episode 14 ,  Ghost Gal  uses this card during her  Speed Duel  against  Playmaker . When Playmaker's " Cyberse Wizard " attacks Ghost Gal's " Altergeist Marionetter ", Ghost Gal uses this card's effect to Special Summon itself from her hand and negate the attack. Then, this card's other effect negates the effects of "Cyberse Wizard". On Ghost Gal's turn, she links this card with two copies of "Marionetter" to  Link Summon  " Altergeist Primebanshee ". In the  following episode , Ghost Gal uses the in-Graveyard effect of " Altergeist Meluseek " to add a second copy of this card from her Deck to her hand. 
 In  episode 31 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her Speed Duel against  Varis . When Varis' " Topologic Bomber Dragon " attacks Ghost Gal's "Altergeist Marionetter", Ghost Gal uses this card's effect to Special Summon itself from her hand and negate the attack. Then, this card's other effect negates the effects of "Bomber Dragon". On Ghost Gal's turn, she links this card with " Altergeist Silquitous " to Link Summon " Altergeist Kidolga ". She then uses her "Secret Cure"  Skill  to  excavate  from the top of her deck until she finds a monster; she excavates a second copy of this card and adds it to her hand. 
 In  episode 77 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her Speed Duel against  The Shepherd . When Shepherd's " Drone Corporal " attacks Ghost Gal directly while she controls an " Altergeist " monster, she uses this card's effect to Special Summon itself from her hand and negate the attack. Then, this card's other effect negates the effects of Shepherd's " Battledrone General ". When "Battledrone General" attacks Ghost Gal's " Altergeist Dragvirion ", she activates "Dragvirion's" effect to negate the attack by returning this card to her hand. When "Dragvirion" is attacked again on the same turn, Ghost Gal uses this card's effect again, Special Summoning itself to negate the attack. Shepherd activates the effect of " Commandrone Double Sniper " to negate this card's other effect and destroy it; then, Ghost Gal takes 1000 damage. 
 In  episode 107 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her  Tag-Team Speed Duel  with The Shepherd against  Roboppi . When her " Altergeist Hexstia " is destroyed, Ghost Gal activates its effect to add this card from her Deck to her hand. On Roboppi's turn, when his " Appliancer Laundry Dragon " attacks Ghost Gal's " Altergeist Memorygant ", she uses this card's effect to Special Summon itself from her hand and negate the attack. Then, this card's other effect negates the effects of "Laundry Dragon". 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances