Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Divine(character).jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Sayer (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Sayer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sayer 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Divine 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ディヴァイン 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Arcadia Movement 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Psychic 
 
 
 
 
 WC 2010 
 Psychic Syndicate Psychic Restoration 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 16: " Battle with the Black Rose " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 
 
 Wii appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Masaya Matsukaze 
 
 
 
 Sayer , known as  Divine  in the Japanese version, was a man with psychic abilities similar to those that  Akiza  harbored as well as the leader and the founder of the  Arcadia Movement . He was a secondary antagonist during the late parts of the  Fortune Cup Arc   and during the entire  Dark Signers arc . He was a powerful  Psychic Duelist , who was in control of his powers at all times. Upon his revival, he was sentenced to  The Facility  for his crimes. An  alternate  version of Sayer appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Personality 
 1.2   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Fortune Cup 
 2.3   Dark Signers 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 4   Trivia 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Personality 
 Sayer was extremely arrogant and extremely ruthless, and even allowed innocent children to be electrified to death simply because they did not meet his expectations. [1]  He also was very manipulative, and used Akiza for her powers [2]  and was able to evade Sector Security thanks to his information on  Rex Goodwin . [3]  Although his past was never explored, he wanted revenge against society for having discriminated him. [4]  He was also very deceptive as he could make himself seem like a decent human being, despite him being anything but decent.
 
 Abilities 
 Sayer, as a  Psychic Duelist  had the ability to manifest his cards as real objects. This was made apparent when he used " Psychic Sword " and " Hinotama " to fend off and almost kill  Yusei  if it wasn't for  Misty  who overheard during the Duel via Yusei's hand-crafted  Duel Disk , and thus  Misty  had killed him with " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ".
 He also had the ability to easily manipulate people by using their past against them. Good examples of these were  Akiza Izinski  and  Rex Goodwin  who both had pasts that they didn't want to be brought to attention, thus Sayer used these weaknesses against them and cleverly used them to do his bidding.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 When he found Akiza for the first time, he welcomed her into the  Arcadia Movement , a group of people with powers that were similar to hers. Sayer was the leader of this group of Duelists who trained to control and harness their psychic abilities. He had plans for her to be a member and a representative figure of the organization.
 Sayer found  Toby Tredwell , who also had Psychic Dueling powers and took him to the Arcadia Movement to test his abilities. Toby was unable to withstand the procedure. Believing him to be weak and useless, Sayer ordered the intensity of the electric shocks to be amplified, which caused the young boy's death. (in the dub, Toby was taken to a another location under Sayer's orders).
 
 Fortune Cup 
       Sayer, as he appeared during the Fortune Cup arc     
 Sayer watched over Akiza's Duels in the  Fortune Cup  and encouraged her to be proud of her powers.  He also did his best to keep Akiza secluded from anyone outside the  Arcadia Movement , including  Lazar  and  Yusei . When she lost to  Yusei , he lead her out of the arena to recover from her defeat before Yusei had a chance to speak to her. However, Sayer returned to watch the final match to see if the Crimson Dragon would appear. During this Duel, he commented that it would be interesting to watch.
 
 Dark Signers 
       Sayer during his Duel with  Leo     
 Later, he received a message from  Bolt Tanner , who requested that Sayer help the  Signers  against the  Dark Signers .  Luna ,  Leo ,  Yanagi  and Tanner went to the Arcadia Movement to attempt to unite all of the Signers against the Dark Signers, however, even after explaining the current situation to Sayer, it appeared that he already had other plans. As he and other members sedated them with gas, Sayer looked at the sleeping Luna, and said that he was thinking of making her a member eventually (It wasn't known why though), which indicated that he had been planning it for some time prior to the meeting.
 When the gas wore off, Sayer had chained Leo in his Duel arena to personally test him for any Psychic power while Luna and Akiza watched from the observation room. Before the Duel began, Sayer explained that Luna had the Ability to talk to Duel Spirits, and since Leo was Luna's twin, he might have had special abilities of his own. 
 He continued by saying the Arcadia Movement had no interest in dealing with the Dark Signers and that he wanted to use his Psychic Duelists, as soldiers to start a war against the world. 
 During the Duel, he attacked Leo directly with " Krebons ", which caused Leo to cry from the pain. Sayer, however, told him to get up, and that he didn't know where he stood. To add to the pressure to unlock any potential psychic power in Leo, he threatened that Leo's life was at stake because he had revealed his true intentions before the Duel began. Leo fought back by  Synchro Summoning  " Power Tool Dragon ", and inflicted major damage to Sayer, who commented that Leo's move wasn't too bad. However, after saying that, he applauded Leo for giving him such a hard time, Sayer emerged victorious as he used an impressive card combo that ended with " Battle Teleportation ", which allowed him to attack Leo directly with " Thought Ruler Archfiend ".
 The attack threw Leo hard against the floor and knocked him out. Sayer accepted that Leo had no special powers, and considered him a worthless drag. However, after the Duel, Sayer assured Akiza that he wouldn't put him through any more harm. Instead he said that he planned to convince him to join the movement, and that by doing so, perhaps Luna would come to understand them (Which indicated that he was going to use Leo as a member, so Luna had a reason to stay). 
 After his Duel with Leo, he spoke to Akiza about the organization's plans of gathering more members from around the world. Also, that she would come to represent the Arcadia Movement itself not only as a symbol, but also as a modern "Joan of Arc".
 Meanwhile,  Carly Carmine  had snuck into the Arcadia Movement building and found Sayer's secret room, which triggered Sayer's psychic sense. He returned to his office and challenged Carly to a Duel with her life on the line. Carly Summoned 3 of her " Fortune Fairies " and raised their  ATK  to 3000 each. However, Sayer swarmed Carly with  Psychic  monsters and destroyed her key card with " Psychokinesis " and pinned her to a window with his attacks. 
 Carly warned Sayer that the Public Security Bureau would investigate her death, but he informed her that her death would be considered an accident by  Sector Security . He explained to Carly that he knew Goodwin's weakness, that he was born from  Satellite  rather than in  New Domino City  and mentioned that it was the least of Goodwin's secrets, and because of that, he was safe from Sector Security. His last attack defeated her, shattered the window that she was pinned against, and lead her to her apparent death. (This was made less obvious in the dub, in which she fell into a purple fog, but still landed on the ground and cracked it).
 Carly was revived as a Dark Signer and appeared to Sayer again in order to challenge him to a  Shadow Duel  for revenge. He started the Duel confident that he would win again, but Carly was able to destroy his first monster and more than half his Life Points with ease on her first turn. Following this, Sayer attempted to make a comeback on his next turn and thought of a strategy which would have allowed him to bring out "Thought Ruler Archfiend", but this was futile as Carly, on her next turn, Summoned her  Earthbound Immortal ,  "Aslla piscu"  and used it to defeat Sayer.
 
       Sayer's "death".     
 The explosion caused by the attack threw Sayer down the building's stairwell. Akiza saw Sayer falling and cried out for him in shock. (In the dub, Sayer fell into the same purple fog that Carly fell in.) Afterwards, the Arcadia Movement building began to collapse after the attack of "Aslla piscu".
 
         Sayer disguised as a security agent.     
 Sayer somehow survived his fall with a scar on the right side of his face that was hidden by his hair, which also changed to a more rough style. He posed as a security agent from Goodwin, tricked  Mina  into a water pit, and attacked  Yusei , who eventually ended up with Mina and got them trapped. But Officer Trudge came and help them escape.
 After he saved Akiza from landing into a shard of shattered glass, he told her to continue the Duel with  Misty . But as Akiza told him that she couldn't, Sayer revealed to her that psychic powers were strong even when they were dormant while she was young. He had somehow sealed them away without her knowing this.
 Sayer released the seal, and unlocked her true powers with the phrase "The entrance to the Underworld is on the witch's island" Akiza's powers awoke and she became the Black Rose once again and under his control. Sayer claimed that this power had surpassed that of the Dark Signers. While Sayer watched the Duel from someplace safe, he stated that he and Akiza would resurrect the Arcadia Movement.
 
         Sayer reveals his scar to Yusei.     
 Yusei confronted Sayer and asked what he was really there for. Sayer revealed his scar, and stated that it was a result of the Dark Signers' attack on the Arcadia Movement's headquarters. Sayer claimed to have control over Akiza's mind, and he said that she  would only obey him. Yusei commanded him to release Akiza, and stated that she had changed. Sayer refused and attacked Yusei with " Hinotama ".
 Sayer stated that anybody who fell prey to him, would simply follow his orders and nothing more, as he took full advantage of that individual's weakness, just like he did with Akiza. Although at that time, he acknowledged her incredible psychic powers along with her loneliness. 
 He explained that Misty had became a  Dark Signer , because of what happened to Toby. This lead Yusei to figure out that Sayer was involved in Toby's death. Sayer revealed the truth of Toby's death, which prompted Yusei to attack him, but Sayer avoided him and attacked again with "Hinotama". Yusei was left hanging from a balcony, but laughed as he revealed that he had activated his  Duel Disk 's voice intercom, and thus allowed Misty to hear the real story of her brother's death. 
 
         Sayer gets eaten by  Misty Tredwell 's " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ".     
 After she heard this, Misty realized that Sayer was the real culprit for her brother's death. Sayer unwisely told her that Toby was too weak and that he had no use for him anyway. Fueled by anger and lust for revenge, Misty ordered " Ccarayhua " to eat Sayer (in the dub, he simply disappeared after "Ccarayhua" took him).
 According to the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Animation Book , Sayer was revived after "Ccarayhua" was defeated and was quickly arrested by Sector Security after the fall of the Dark Signers and the  King of the Netherworld  and was sent to  The Facility  for his crimes.
 
 Decks 
 Main article:  Sayer's Decks 
 Sayer used a  Psychic  Deck , which focused on Summoning and supporting Psychic- Type  monsters at the  cost  of his  Life Points .
 
 Trivia 
 In the Croatian dub version of the anime, Sayer's name was mispronounced as "Sawyer". 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 61: " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 42: " The Signs of Time " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 37: " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 36: " Supersensory Shakedown " 
 
 
 v e 
Sayer (Divine) pages 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Duel Terminal 
 Decade Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  characters 
 Player ← WC09 WC11 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Annie 
 Blister 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Carly 
 Devack 
 Dexter 
 Jack 
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Heitmann 
 Hunter 
 Kalin 
 Bashford 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Roman 
 Sayer 
 Tanner 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Zeman 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Alina 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Arashiyama 
 Bass 
 Check 
 Chihiro 
 Clock 
 Coppola 
 Corse 
 Eiki 
 Figaro 
 Fukuoka 
 Gate Mace 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Gushizawa 
 Hashinoshima 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Hideki 
 Hiroyuki 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Igusa 
 Itsuki 
 Jean 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kawasaki 
 Key Mace 
 Key Mace #2 
 Kiyoto 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Lagoon 
 Liquid 
 Mimi 
 Mitchie 
 Morrison 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nino 
 Oda 
 Okita 
 Oscar 
 Peko 
 Robinson 
 Rossi 
 Roy 
 Salida 
 Seria 
 Shirase 
 Smith 
 Sugimoto 
 Sumetana 
 Tashiro 
 Ticera 
 Torino 
 Yusuke 
 Zape 
 Downloadable 
 Black Potan 
 Codarus 
 Dragunity Militum 
 Duelua 
 Dueluka 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 King Jyaku 
 Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther 
 Koa'ki Meiru Urnight 
 Neo Flamvell Origin 
 Reptilianne Naga 
 Ryusei 
 Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 The Fabled Peggulsus 
 Witch of the Black Rose 
 Worm Victory 
 World Champions 
 Kami 
 Peke-Hime 
 T T k 
 Free Duel 
 Princess Pikeru 
 Herald of Green Light 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Nanobreaker 
 Izanami 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Solar Flare Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 Koa'ki Meiru Valafar 
 Ally of Justice Decisive Armor 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord 
 Fabled Leviathan 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Lava Golem 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 The Dark Creator 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Darklord Desire 
 Avenging Knight Parshath 
 Flamvell Fiend 
 Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Trident Dragion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength 
 Repitilanne Vaskii 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Cyber Eltanin 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Supersonic Skull Flame 
 Explosive Magician 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 The Immortal Bushi 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Elemental Hero Absolute Zero 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Swap Frog 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Dragunity Knight - Gadearg 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Green Gadget 
 Naturia Beast 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei 
 Worm Zero 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Crusader of Endymion 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Gigaplant 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Man-Eater Bug / Worm Apocalypse 
 Needle Worm / Morphing Jar 
 Destroyersaurus / Jurrac Velo 
 Ojama Red / Ojama Blue 
 Battle Footballer / Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Emissary from Pandemonium / Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs / Stealth Bird 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World / Fabled Raven 
 Darklord Edeh Arae / Counselor Lily 
 Dragunity Phalanx / Cyberdark Dragon 
 Volcanic Shell / Flamvell Firedog 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes / Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Dark Paladin / Stardust Dragon 
 Phantom of Chaos / Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Manticore of Darkness / Enraged Battle Ox 
 White Night Dragon / Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 D.D. Survivor / Cyber Valley 
 Dandylion / Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Elemental Hero Stratos / Destiny Hero - Malicious 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyber Eltanin 
 Upstart Goblin / Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 Grinder Golem / Fires of Doomsday (character) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon / Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Mist Valley Soldier / Doomcaliber Knight 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi / Prime Material Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior / D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Phoenix Gearfried / Chthonian Emperor Dragon 
 Deep Sea Diva / Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Divine Grace - Northwemko / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Green Gadget 
 Necro Gardna / Shiny Black "C" 
 Genex Controller / Tragoedia 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord / Five-Headed Dragon 
 Mezuki / Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle / Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/Divine_Profile_Ep_36.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20210921173147', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Divine%28character%29.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090519231609', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/50.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110225003509', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/5Dx039_Divine_falls.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090108224225', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/5Dx060_Sayer%27s_disguise.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091009093537', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Sayer%27s_scar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121210022012', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Divine%27s_death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121210022844']
Categories: Characters, Sayer pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters