Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Carly_Carmine_(Duel_Links)


 
 Carly Carmine 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Carly Carmine 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 ? 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Veronica Taylor 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Aki Kanada 
 
 
 
 Carly Carmine  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Carly Carmine , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 She is exclusive to the  special event   Carly Carmine's Duel Links Spotlight! , only being able to be unlocked during the event.
 Green  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Carly Carmine at the  Gate .
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 30 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 
 5.1   Main release 
 
 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As a newspaper reporter, Carly Carmine's job is to investigate the Dark Signers—-But her goal is to get the scoop on Jack Atlas. Journalists aren't known for their Dueling skills, but even among them, Carly's abilities are subpar. When she's unsure about what to do, she turns to her Fortune Fairy Deck to give her guidance. Though she was once a Dark Signer, she remembers nothing about that time.
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Event icon 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Carly Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Boo Koo  x3 
 Djinn the Watcher of the Wind  x3 
 Fairywitch  x3 
 Genin  x3 
 Lucky Trinket  x3 
 Tao the Chanter  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Chee  (glossy) Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The Inexperienced Spy  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Fortune Telling - Joy Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Happy Lover  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Ann  x3 
 Fortune Fairy Chee  x3 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari  x3 
 Fortune Fairy Hu  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Omega Goggles  x2 
 Unacceptable Result  x2 
 Traps 
 Lucky Punch 
 Onikuji 
 Level 20 
 
 Fortune Telling - Luck Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Seer  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Ann  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Chee  x2 
 Fortune Fairy En 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari  x3 
 Fortune Fairy Hu  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Lucky Loan  x2 
 Miracle Stone 
 Unacceptable Result  x2 
 Traps 
 Lucky Punch 
 Onikuji 
 Level 30 
 
 Super Happy Fortune Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Ann 
 Fortune Fairy Chee 
 Fortune Fairy En  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Hu  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Swee 
 Witch's Apprentice  x2 Spells  (8) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Lucky Loan  x3 
 Miracle Stone  x2 
 Unacceptable Result 
 Wonder Wand  x2 
 Traps 
 Ominous Fortunetelling 
 Level 30 
 
 Ultra Happy Fortune Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Ann 
 Fortune Fairy Chee 
 Fortune Fairy En 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Hu  x2 
 Fortune Fairy Swee  x2 
 Magical Exemplar  x2 Spells  (8) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Lucky Loan  x2 
 Miracle Stone  x2 
 Unacceptable Result  x2 
 Wonder Wand  x2 
 Traps 
 Reverse Glasses 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Carly Carmine, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fortune Fairy Hikari "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Miracle Stone "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dwimmered Path "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Medium of the Ice Barrier "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Quick Booster "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fortune Fairy Chee "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spellbook Star Hall "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Hermit of Prophecy "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Small Piece Golem "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Fairywitch "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ancient Sorcerer "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Carly Carmine reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Ann "
 
 
 4
 
 Lost and Found (Skill)
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Carly Carmine)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Hu "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Carly Carmine)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Unacceptable Result "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Ann "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Lucky Loan "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Hu "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Ann "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Fortune Teller (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Unacceptable Result "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Fairy Hu "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Lucky Loan "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Carly Carmine)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Slip of Fortune "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Unacceptable Result "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Lucky Loan "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " The Eye of Truth "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " The Grand Spellbook Tower "
 
 
 Main release 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Lost and Found
 
 Send 1 to 3 cards from your hand to the Graveyard, then add an equal number of "Fortune Fairy" monsters from your Graveyard to your hand.
 You can only use this Skill once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card.
 This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Fortune Teller
 
 Return 1 "Fortune Fairy" monster from your hand to the top pf your Deck
 This Skill can only be used one per turn and 3 times per Duel.
 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Acceptable Result
 
 For each "Fortune Fairy" monster you control, add 1 "Unacceptable Result" from your Graveyard to your hand.
 You can only use this Skill once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Loan
 
 Add 1 "Lucky Loan" from your Deck to your hand. You cannot conduct your normal Draw on your next turn.
 You can only use this Skill once per turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Going Undercover
 
 Sneak 1 "Fortune Fairy" monster from your hand into your opponent's Deck. When your opponent draws that monster, send it to the Graveyard.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Event
 
 
 Lucky Stones
 
 Can be used on a turn in which you Special Summon a "Fortune Fairy" monster with its own effect. Play 1 "Miracle Stone" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Miracle Power
 
 If you control a face-up "Miracle Stone", increase the ATK of all "Fortune Fairy" monsters you control by 300 times their respective Levels.
 This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck and Extra Deck that only contain "Fortune Fairy" monsters.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Secret Seeker
 
 View 1 Set monster your opponent controls.
 This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jack Atlas 
 When she starts a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Carly announces "You have to let me write your exclusive! Pretty please?" or "If I win, you have to do whatever I ask! Deal or deal?"
 When she wins the Duel, Carly says "Jack! You promised that I'd get an exclusive!" or "I'm one step closer to achieving my dream!" followed by "Where our kids are Dueling champions!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Carly says "I wrote an article that says how awesome you are!" followed by "If only the editor would publish it..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Carly Summons " Exploder Dragonwing ", she chants  "As Jack roars, feel the crushing blow of victory!"  followed by  "Synchrooooo Summon! ...Yay! I got to say it!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame Carly briefly appears, and she announces "Spread your wings! Exploder Dragonwing!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Exploder Dragonwing! Attack!" followed by "King Storm!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Exploder Dragonwing's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy Chee ", a cut-in frame of Carly briefly appears, and she announces "Her lucky boots help me outrun the competition!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Chee!"
 Alternatively, a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she makes one of the following announcements:
 "Her lucky number is 6! Her lucky color is black!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Chee!" 
 "I give you, Fortune Fairy Chee! 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Chee attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she makes one of the following announcements:
 "My fortune says my luck will be... Super mega lame?!?" followed by "This is the worst!" 
 "This card's a downer... but whatever! I activate it's effect!" 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Chee's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy Ann ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she makes an announcement about the card.
 The announcement during the cut-in frame can be either of the following:
 "Presenting Fortune Fairy Ann!" 
 "Her lucky number is 5! Her lucky color is purple!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Ann!" 
 "With her lucky sunglasses, she can find lost items!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Ann!" 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Ann attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "My fortune says my luck will be... terrible..." followed by "Well, that just means I have to fight harder!" 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Ann's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy En ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, she makes an announcement about the card.
 The announcement during the cut-in frame can be either of the following:
 "Appear, Fortune Fairy En!" 
 "She has a lucky goldfish that spreads joy!" followed by "Fortune Fairy En!" 
 "Her lucky number is 2! Her lucky color is red" followed by "Fortune Fairy En!" 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy En attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "My fortune says my luck will be... Very Awesome!" 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy En's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy Hikari ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she makes an announcement about the card.
 The announcement during the cut-in frame can be either of the following:
 "Let's go, Fortune Fairy Hikari!" 
 "She has a light-up charm that makes wishes come true!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Hikari!" 
 "Her lucky number is 1! Her lucky color is yellow!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Hikari!" 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Hikari attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "My fortune says my luck will be... super awesome!!" 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Hikari's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy Hu ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she makes an announcement about the card.
 The announcement during the cut-in frame can be either of the following:
 "Here's Fortune Fairy Hu!" 
 "Her lucky plant helps her find missing objects!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Hu!" 
 "Her lucky number is 3! Her lucky color is green!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Hu!" 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Hu attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "My fortune says my luck will be... so-so." 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Hu's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Fairy Swee ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she makes an announcement about the card.
 The announcement during the cut-in frame can be either of the following:
 "Here comes Fortune Fairy Swee!" 
 "Here lucky number is 4! Her lucky color is blue!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Swee!" 
 "She points her umbrella to the east for luck!" followed by "Fortune Fairy Swee!" 
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Swee attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the first effect of that monster, she announces ""My fortune says my luck will be... Kinda bad. Uh oh." followed by "Sigh... But I can't lose heart!" 
 When Carly activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Fairy Swee's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Strong Wind Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she announces "Strong Wind Dragon! Raaaaage!" followed by "...Did you like my Jack impression?"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with " Strong Wind Dragon ", she announces "Strong Wind Dragon attacks!" followed by "Strong Hurricane!" 
 When Carly Summons " Apprentice Magician ", she announces "Appear, Apprentice Magician!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Apprentice Magician! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Apprentice Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Crystal Seer ", she announces "Let's Go! Crystal Seer!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Crystal Seer! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Crystal Seer's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Dark Resonator ", she announces "Jack uses this Tuner monster too. Dark Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Dark Resonator!" 
 When Carly Summons " Magical Exemplar ", she announces "Here's Magical Exemplar!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Magical Exemplar attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Magical Exemplar's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Twin-Shield Defender ", she announces "I can use your help Jack. Twin-Shield Defender!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Twin-Shield Defender!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I tricked you. Twin-Shield Defender's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Vice Dragon ", she announces "Go! Vice Dragon!" followed by "It reminds me when Jack and I teamed up."
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Vice Dragon!" 
 When Carly Summons " Witch's Apprentice ", she announces "Appear! Witch's Apprentice!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Witch's Apprentice!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Carly activates " Lucky Loan ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card! Lucky Loan!" 
 When Carly activates " Mind Trust ", she announces "This is the card Jack and I used together. Mind Trust!" 
 When Carly activates " Miracle Stone ", she announces "Here's the Continuous Spell, Miracle Stone!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Carly announces "Miracle Stone's effect let's me draw a card!" 
 When Carly activates " Omega Goggles ", she announces "I'll equip this on my monster! Omega Goggles!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Carly announces "Omega Goggles let's me see your secret and get the scoop!" 
 When Carly activates " Unacceptable Result ", she announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Unacceptable Result!" followed by "I Special Summon a Fortune Fairy from my hand!" 
 Trivia 
 Interestingly, whenever Carly Summons any of the  Fortune Fairies , a cut-in frame of her face always appears. 
 The inclusion of " Dark Resonator ", " Exploder Dragonwing ", " Mind Trust ", " Strong Wind Dragon ", " Twin-Shield Defender ", and " Vice Dragon " comes from how Carly aided  Jack Atlas  in his Ground Duel against  Tetsu Trudge , who was temporarily turned into a  Shadow Drone . 
 When Carly starts a Duel with  Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo , or  Luna , she announces "I'm covering Team 5D's for my profile piece!" 
 Carly has the same dialogue when she Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: "This is like the Duel between Yusei and the spider guy!" 
 Winning: "As a former member, I'll beat all the Dark Signers!" followed by "Not that I remember being a Dark Signer." 
 Losing: "The Dark Signers are tough! And I used to be one of them?" 
 Ishizu Ishtar ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Sera ,  Scud ,  Prana ,  Blair Flannigan , and Carly Carmine are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them, excluding Blair, possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 Lumis and Umbra ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Téa Gardner (DSOD) , Scud, Yusei Fudo,  Jack Atlas , Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine,  Kalin Kessler , and Carly Carmine have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Jaden Yuki ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Yubel ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Jaden/Yubel , Yusei Fudo, Luna,  Antinomy , Carly Carmine, and  Yuma and Astral  are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM)  and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM)  and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine  -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon ,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie  -  Maiden of the Aqua ,  Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 v e 
 Carly Carmine  (Carly Nagisa) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Dark Signer 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Transer 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/CarlyCarmine-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/309?cb=20200116090819', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Profile-DULI-CarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest?cb=20200129162039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Icon-DULI-CarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest?cb=20200509184250', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Icon-DULI-CarlyCarmine2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200514170923', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/81/CutIn-DULI-CarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200428233719', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Summoning-DULI-CarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200116090717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Defeat-DULI-CarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200116090638', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Icon-DULI-CarlyCarminesDuelLinksSpotlight.png/revision/latest?cb=20200510030244', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Carly Carmine pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters