Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_009


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 009 
 
 
 
 
 Dipper  loses his temper. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 星々の裁き！エクシーズ使い「志島北斗」 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hoshiboshi no Sabaki! Ekushīzu Tsukai "Shijima Hokuto" 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Judgment of the Stars! Xyz User "Hokuto Shijima" 
 
 
 English 
 Dueling with the Stars 
 
 
 Number 
 009 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 8, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 25, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 April 27, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 May 7, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Hirota, Mitsutaka 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Bad Business " 
 " You Show 'Em " 
 
 
 
 
 " Dueling with the Stars ", known as  "Judgment of the Stars! Xyz User "Hokuto Shijima"  in the Japanese version, is the ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 8, 2014 and in Canada on September 25, 2015. Nicktoons aired on April 10, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 In order to get rid of the disgrace inflicted by  the one responsible  for attacking  Sylvio ,  LID  and  You Show Duel School  kick off a Dueling War against one another. The first match is  Yuya , who is eager to fight for You Show Duel School, and one of LID’s representatives,  Dipper . Dipper, from the very start of the Duel, brutally attacks Yuya with overwhelming power. Yuya suppresses his feelings towards Entertainment Dueling, and while he tries to fight back using  Pendulum Summoning  to win, he finds himself incapable of one-upping Dipper…
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Dipper O'rion 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Cast 
 
 
 Summary 
 Zuzu  narrates the events that have occurred before  Yuya 's Duel against  Dipper .  A Yuya look-alike  ambushed  Sylvio  and defeated him in a Duel. Because of this, the  Leo Institute of Dueling  chairwoman,  Henrietta , used Sylvio's defeat as an excuse to take over  You Show Duel School .
 
       " Constellar Pleiades " is  Xyz Summoned .     
 As the Duel starts, Yuya declares that he will not let LID buy You Show (in the dub, Yuya says he's ready for whatever Dipper can throw at him). Henrietta notes that Yuya is an energetic boy and wonders how long he can keep it up. She urges Dipper to show his abilities. In a corner of the room,  Declan  lingers in a disguise. Dipper says, "Understood, chairwoman," ("With great pleasure, Madam Chairwoman" in the dub)  and goes first. He  Normal Summons  " Constellar Algiedi ". Dipper  activates  its  effect ,  Special Summoning  a  Level  4 " Constellar " monster from his hand. "Algiedi" releases a burst of blue light from its staff as Dipper Special Summons " Constellar Kaus ". Dipper activates the effect of "Kaus", increasing or decreasing the Level of a "Constellar" monster he controls by 1 up to twice per turn. "Kaus" forms an arrow in its hand and fires it from its bow into the air. It explodes and particles shower "Algiedi", increasing its Level to 5. Dipper uses the effect again on "Kaus", making it Level 5. He overlays his two Level 5 monsters for an Xyz Summon. Dipper chants, "Light of the stars, come descend and shake this very earth!" as he Xyz Summons " Constellar Pleiades " in  Attack Position . Yuya mutters, "This is the Xyz..."  Tate  wonders why "Pleiades" has a  Rank  instead of a Level.  Sora  asks if Tate did not know that much. He explains the mechanics of Xyz Summons. Multiple monsters of the same Level can be used to Special Summon an Xyz Monster of an equivalent Rank from the  Extra Deck .  Ally  asks what the lights orbiting around "Pleiades" are. Sora says these are  Overlay Units , which can be used to activate that Xyz Monster's effects. Dipper ends his turn. Henrietta wonders about Yuya's reaction of seeing Xyz Summons if he truly was the one who attacked Sylvio.
 Yuya begins his turn. He activates " Stargazer Magician " in the right  Pendulum Zone  and " Timegazer Magician " in the left. Declan starts to glance at the Duel. Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Sword Fish " and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " in Attack Position. Yuya's friends cheer at the Pendulum Summons, while Henrietta is intrigued that she witnessed Pendulum Summoning for the first time. Dipper asks Yuya if he is Xyz Summoning. Yuya insists he was not the one who attacked Sylvio; he never Xyz Summoned before (in the dub, Dipper comments this is the Summoning technique he heard about; Yuya replies it's the star of the show that will prevent You Show from being bought by LID). Zuzu thinks that Yuya is fighting for You Show and it would do her no good if she does not believe in him (in the dub, Zuzu hopes Yuya is right; if he's wrong, You Show would be gone). 
 
       " Constellar Pleiades " blocks  Yuya's  path.     
 Dipper says Yuya will not be much of a challenge regardless and he will lose (in the dub, Dipper says if Pendulum Summoning is the star of the show, it should shine). Yuya maintains his confidence and thinks he will win. He activates the effect of "Sword Fish", reducing the ATK of "Pleiades" by 600 until the  End Phase .  Gong  exclaims that "Odd-Eyes" is now the stronger monster. Yuya declares the start of his  Battle Phase  and hops on to "Odd-Eyes". He attacks "Pleiades", as Dipper smugly calls the attack within his expectations. He activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit to  return  a card on the field to its owner's hand. As "Pleiades" absorbs an Overlay Unit into its fist, "Odd-Eyes" is enveloped in orange light and disappears, causing Yuya to fall to the ground. Tate is surprised that "Odd-Eyes" disappeared. Yuya hits the ground and Zuzu screams his name. Yuya gets up and Dipper says everything he does is within his expectations (in the dub, Dipper taunts Yuya; the star attraction got stage fright). From the sidelines, Sora mutters, "As are you." ("we'll see" in the dub) Dipper asks Yuya what he will do next. Yuya curses and mutters that he cannot beat "Pleiades" with "Sword Fish". He takes "Sword Fish" with one hand and looks around the field. He sees multiple shooting stars from above. One of them hits a nearby building, revealing the location of an  Action Card . Dipper speculates that Yuya is looking for an Action Card and explains that they appear where shooting stars fall (in the dub, Dipper mockingly asks, "Going somewhere, Yuya?"). Before Yuya can reach the card, "Pleiades" blocks his path. A frustrated Yuya turns to Dipper, who chuckles and holds up the card he was after. Yuya asks where Dipper got the card and the LID student replies that this field is his specialty, as he memorized the timing and locations of every Action Card. Yuya turns and runs to look for another Action Card, which reveals itself to be in another building. Once again, "Pleiades" cuts him off. Dipper calls Yuya's efforts futile. Gong says this is bad, since Dipper knew everything around the field. Zuzu states that Dipper was not lying about specializing in that field (in the dub, Zuzu realizes that they played right into Henrietta's hands). Henrietta smirks in satisfaction, while  Skip  yells at Yuya to forgive him while encouraging him to fight with a hot-blooded spirit (in the dub, Skip apologizes for picking the wrong Action Field for Yuya). Dipper reminds Yuya that he will be disqualified if he spends another minute without playing a card. If Yuya chooses to continue, he will have to play a card or end his turn (in the dub, Dipper is confident because he never lost on " Cosmic Sanctuary ", especially to a "You Show flunky" like Yuya). Caught between a rock and a hard place, Yuya  Sets  a card and ends his turn. The ATK of "Pleiades" returns to 2500.
 Henrietta comments that Yuya must have a bad opponent to face (in the dub, Henrietta scoffs at the thought of Yuya being the next big thing). Dipper tells Yuya that he won 40 Duels in a row since mastering Xyz Summons. Defeating Yuya will make this his 41st win (in the dub, Dipper gloats that Xyz Summoning is superior to Pendulum Summoning; You Show is no match for LID). Dipper immediately starts his Battle Phase after drawing. He commands "Pleiades" to destroy "Sword Fish". "Pleiades" brings its sword down on "Sword Fish", destroying it and reducing Yuya to 2100 LP, horrifying his friends. Dipper chides Yuya for not resisting the attack and adds that Sylvio must have been lazy to let Yuya ambush him. Once again, Yuya asserts that he did not do it. Dipper reasserts that he does not care; Yuya will lose anyway and You Show will become part of LID. Yuya yells that he will not let this happen. Dipper beckons Yuya to try and stop him (in the dub, Dipper chides Yuya for lying about Pendulum Summoning and what he did to Sylvio; Yuya insists that the power of Pendulum Summoning is true, and Dipper backs up his statement with what he's seen so far). He Sets a card and ends his turn.
 
       Yuya  uses " Sword Fish " to save himself from falling.     
 Yuya thinks that as long as "Pleiades" is on the field, it will return one of his monsters to his hand regardless of ATK. But it has only one Overlay Unit left. After drawing, Yuya Pendulum Summons "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and " Performapal Turn Toad ". Sora encourages Yuya to be more entertaining, since this is boring. Yuya yells at Sora that this isn't the time for that, causing the young boy to pout. Yuya mutters that he cannot afford to lose before seeing a shooting star reveal the location of another Action Card. He mounts "Odd-Eyes" and goes after the card. Henrietta calls Yuya a bold Duelist for showing his back against his enemy (in the dub, Henrietta wonders if Yuya did not learn from last time). As "Odd-Eyes" jumps across a dune and continues forward, Zuzu and Gong take notice of Yuya's protectiveness of You Show; this may hinder him from winning (in the dub, Zuzu wonders why Yuya is taking a risk; Gong says he doesn't know, but Yuya may be a different person for all that reckless Dueling). Zuzu recalls the masked Duelist's resemblance to Yuya and wonders if they could be one and the same. Back at the Duel, Yuya and "Odd-Eyes" are almost to the card's location, which is on the tip of a roof. Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit to return "Odd-Eyes" to Yuya's hand, causing him to fall out of reach of the card. Gong realizes that Dipper timed the activation of the effect to cause Yuya to fall (in the dub, Gong exclaims this is bad). As Yuya slips from the roof, his friends scream his name. Yuya quickly activates his Set " Performapal Revival ", as a monster he controlled left the field, letting him Special Summon a " Performapal " monster from his Graveyard. He Special Summons "Sword Fish" in  Defense Position , grabs its hilt, and drives it into the roof's edge, saving himself from falling. From the ground, Dipper praises Yuya for the save, but Ally angrily criticizes him for the danger he put Yuya in, while Tate calls him out for doing anything to win;  Frederick  calls this a dirty tactic (in the dub, Dipper makes a joke about Yuya hanging, to which Ally takes offense to; Tate wonders how Yuya will get out of this situation, while Frederick notes that Yuya swung like a pendulum). Yuya swings to the top of the roof and Dipper calls him persistent. Yuya manages to take the card, but Dipper activates the Action Card, " Cosmic Arrow ". This destroys the Action Card Yuya picked up, since he added it to his hand outside of drawing. Dipper calls this too bad, since his opponent just got the card. Out of options, Yuya ends his turn, knowing that "Pleiades" is out of Overlay Units.
 
         Dipper  prepares to overlay his two " Constellar Pleiades ".     
 Dipper takes the next turn and draws " Constellar Sombre ". He subsequently Summons it and activates its effect, banishing a "Constellar" monster from his Graveyard to add another "Constellar" to his hand. "Algiedi" rises from a Graveyard portal and vanishes, while "Kaus" rises from it as Dipper adds its card to his hand. Dipper continues that if he activated this effect this turn, he can Normal Summon another "Constellar" monster. He Summons "Kaus". Yuya realizes that with two monsters of the same Level, Dipper is ready for another Xyz Summon. Dipper interrupts with "not yet!" and activates the effect of "Kaus" twice to increase its Level and the Level of "Sombre" by 1. Yuya understands what's coming and Dipper overlays his two Level 5 LIGHT monsters to Xyz Summon another copy of "Constellar Pleiades" in Attack Position. Yuya confirms his suspicions as Dipper says he figured out his opponent's plan of depleting the Overlay Units of "Pleiades", all within his expectations. Sora mutters that Dipper's plan is also within his expectations (in the dub, Dipper says the first "Pleiades" will not be on the field for long, as he has other plans for it; Sora is afraid that it would go this way). Dipper says the requirements are met as he takes a card from his Extra Deck. He explains that the card he is about to Summon can be Summoned by using "Pleiades" as an Overlay Unit. Yuya exclaims, "Another Xyz?!". Dipper uses the "Pleiades" without Overlay Units to Xyz Summon " Constellar Ptolemy M7 ". As Yuya looks on in determination, Henrietta notes that You Show receiving his gift of Pendulum Summoning is a coincidence. No matter what, joining with LID is within their interests (in the dub, Henrietta tells the You Show group that at this point, it would be better for LID to buy You Show, that is if they would be willing to readmit the You Show students).
 
         " Constellar Pleiades " destroys the building.     
 A shooting star reveals another Action Card and Yuya rides on "Turn Toad" in an attempt to reach it. Dipper calls Yuya stubborn; when will he ever learn? He activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit to return "Turn Toad" to Yuya's hand. This causes Yuya to fall into an abyss between two floating stones, but he manages to grab hold of a stone just in time. He hoists himself up and continues for the card. Dipper starts his Battle Phase, attacking "Sword Fish" with "Pleiades". The sword of "Pleiades" glows purple and extends, allowing it to not only destroy "Sword Fish", but to also cleave away the pillars supporting the building the card is in. Zuzu and the other You Show students scream Yuya's name as debris rains down on him. Yuya steels himself and remembers  his father 's words of gathering courage and pressing on ("The show must go on; you must go all out" in the dub). He yells, "press forward!" ("You got it, Dad!" inthe dub) and runs in. The building collapses entirely, as Dipper is satisfied that Yuya did not appear to make it outside. 
 
         Yuya  activates the  Action Card  " Twinkle Comet ".     
 To his surprise, Yuya survived, as he holds up the card he got triumphantly. Zuzu and Gong are relieved that Yuya made it out. Dipper calls Yuya's feat impossible; he should have fled while the building collapsed. Yuya tells him that if he did what he should have done, the Duel would not be exciting (in the dub, Yuya says the show will go on). Zuzu says this is typical of Yuya. Gong calls his feat a burning one, while the young students call it cool. Dipper says that even though Yuya got the Action Card, he will still lose. He attacks directly with "Ptolemy M7". As "Ptolemy M7" prepares its attack, its wings glow gold, but Yuya activates the Action Card he picked up, " Twinkle Comet ". It reduces an opponent's monster's ATK by 1000 and inflicts 500 damage to the opponent. A meteor strikes "Ptolemy M7" on the chest, reducing its ATK to 1700. The attack continues, with Yuya being blown back and reduced to 400 LP. Dipper curses at Yuya for damaging him for the first time out of his 40 consecutive Duels. Sora calls Dipper's attitude within his expectations as well (in the dub, Dipper says Yuya is only prolonging the inevitable; if Yuya wanted to suffer more, Dipper would be glad to dish it out; Sora's line is cut from the dub). Enraged, Dipper activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Constellar Tempest ". Since he controls two Xyz Monsters, Dipper can halve Yuya's LP during the End Phase. Dipper laughs maniacally and yells "Crush him!" Meteors rain down from the sky, all aimed at Yuya. Yuya frantically dodges them, but a meteor's explosion strikes Yuya from behind, bringing him down to 200 LP. The ATK of "Ptolemy M7" returns to 2700. Still in a maniacal state, Dipper says he will take down Yuya in the next turn, no matter what. Frederick and Ally criticize Dipper for his actions, but the LID Duelist snaps at them to shut up. To him, a Duel is a fight; in order to win, one cannot be picky about their tactics (in the dub, Frederick and Ally ask how Dipper should know; Dipper replies that he treats Dueling like a business because it would let him win more easily). Yuya yells at Dipper that he is wrong; he does not want anyone to get hurt (in the dub, Yuya believes Dueling is about the passion of the Duelist's plays). Zuzu remembers the masked Duelist telling her the same thing, increasing her suspicion of him being Yuya.
 
         Yuya  stands alongside his monsters ready for the final attack.     
 With newfound confidence, Yuya yells "Ladies and gentlemen!" ("Dueling's not a business at all; it's show business!" in the dub) and draws " Performapal Trampolynx ". He Summons it and activates its effect to return a card he controls to his hand. He returns "Stargazer Magician". Tate and Frederick wonder why he pulled off that move, since this will disable Pendulum Summoning. He replaces the empty Pendulum Zone with "Turn Toad", to the surprise of everyone watching. Yuya tells them to watch closely as he sets the Pendulum Scales. Using the new Scales, he Pendulum Summons "Stargazer Magician". Declan wonders why Yuya would use it as a monster instead of a gate for Pendulum Summons. Yuya continues his act, Pendulum Summoning "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Dipper immediately activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit to return "Odd-Eyes" to Yuya's hand, adding that showtime is over. Yuya corrects him; the main event always goes on ("It won't be gone for too long!" in the dub). He activates the effect of "Stargazer", as a Pendulum Monster left his field; Yuya can Special Summon that monster. "Stargazer" glows with a blue aura and positions its staff in front of it. Yuya Special Summons "Odd-Eyes" back to the field. Frederick exclaims that "Odd-Eyes" can defeat "Pleiades" with its double damage effect, but Sora reminds him that Xyz Monsters have Ranks instead of Levels. He further explains that the effect does not double the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" when it attacks, only the battle damage it deals when battling Level 5 or higher monsters. Ally asks if Yuya can't win, but Sora reminds her that Yuya said it himself: the fun has just started (the children's lines are cut from the dub). Yuya announces his climax and activates the Pendulum effect of "Turn Toad", swapping the ATK and DEF of a Pendulum Monster he controls. "Turn Toad" leaps up and releases several stars, switching the ATK and DEF of "Stargazer Magician". Yuya follows up with " Magical Star Illusion ", since he controls "Stargazer Magician". It increases the ATK of all monsters each player controls by the total Levels they control x100. Tate adds up the Levels of Yuya's monsters: "Odd-Eyes" is Level 7, "Stargazer" is Level 5 and "Trampolynx" is Level 2, totalling to 14. Gong notes that Yuya's monsters gain 1400 ATK as a result. Frederick asks if Dipper's monsters gained ATK too, but a slightly annoyed Sora starts to remind him this is not the case. Before he can continue, Tate says he understands; Xyz Monsters have Ranks instead of Levels. Ally finishes his sentence; the ATK of Dipper's monsters stays the same. Dipper is flabbergasted, tears streaming from his eyes in disbelief.
 
         Dipper  hits the wall as his  Life Points  reach zero.     
 Yuya hops on to "Odd-Eyes" and commands it to attack "Ptolemy M7" with " Spiral Flame Strike ". This reduces Dipper to 2300 LP. He commands "Stargazer Magician" to attack "Pleiades" with " Astronomy Attack ". "Stargazer" forms a constellation with its staff, then sends it forward. It shatters "Pleiades" into many pieces, bringing Dipper to 1000 LP. Yuya finishes the Duel by attacking directly with "Trampolynx". As "Trampolynx" makes a move towards Dipper, he mutters, "My 41st win..." (in the dub, Dipper bemoans that he is allergic to cats) "Trampolynx" pounces backward on Dipper, catching him by folding its trampoline back on him. It unfolds itself, causing Dipper to spring up and hit the ceiling as his LP fall to 0. Yuya and his friends cheer over the victory. Skip cries tears of joy and calls the Duel hot-blooded. Henrietta smiles behind her fan, while Declan looks on, unnoticed. Yuya's friends continue to cheer for him. Zuzu remembers what Yuya said to Dipper; he did not want anyone to get hurt. Then she remembers what the masked Duelist said to her: "he did not want Zuzu to get hurt", and mutters Yuya's name (in the dub, Zuzu remembers that Yuya told her to trust her heart, but now her heart is confused).
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Dipper O'rion 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 1: Dipper 
Dipper  Normal Summons  " Constellar Algiedi " (1600/1400). He then  activates  its  effect , letting him  Special Summon  a  Level  4 " Constellar " monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Consteller Kaus " (1800/1700) in  Attack Position . He activates the effect of "Kaus", allowing him to either decrease or increase the Level of a "Constellar" monster he  controls  by 1 up to twice per  turn . He increases the Levels of both "Algiedi" and "Kaus" by 1 ("Algiedi":   4 → 5, "Kaus":   4 → 5). Dipper  overlays  his two Level 5  LIGHT  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Constellar Pleiades " (2500/1500) in Attack Position.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
Yuya activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Sword Fish " (600/600) and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000), both from his hand in Attack Position. He activates the effect of "Sword Fish", decreasing the  ATK  of an opponent's monster by 600 ("Pleiades": 2500 → 1900/1500) until the  End Phase . "Odd-Eyes"  attacks  "Pleiades", but Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  ("Pleiades": 2 → 1 ORU) to  return  a card on the  field  to its  owner 's hand during either player's turn. "Odd-Eyes" is returned to Yuya's hand. Yuya attempts to get an  Action Card , but Dipper intercepts him. He attempts to get another, but is blocked by "Pleiades". Yuya  Sets  1 card.
 Turn 3: Dipper 
"Pleiades" attacks and  destroys  "Sword Fish" (Yuya: 4000 → 2100 LP). Dipper Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya Pendulum Summons " Performapal Turn Toad " (0/800) from his hand in  Defense Position  and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his hand in Attack Position. Yuya attempts to get an Action Card, but Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit ("Pleiades": 1 → 0 ORU) to return "Odd-Eyes" to Yuya's hand, thus putting Yuya out of reach of the card. As a monster he controls  left the field  via a card effect, Yuya activates his  face-down  " Performapal Revival ", letting him Special Summon a " Performapal " monster from his  Graveyard . He Special Summons "Performapal Sword Fish" in Defense Position. Yuya finds an Action Card, but Dipper activates the Action Card " Cosmic Arrow " as Yuya  added  a Spell Card to his hand without drawing it, destroying the card.
 Turn 5: Dipper 
Dipper's hand contains " Constellar Tempest ", " Constellar Star Cradle " and " Constellar Virgo ". Dipper  draws  " Constellar Sombre " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1550/1600). He activates its effect,  banishing  a "Constellar" monster from his Graveyard to return another "Constellar" monster from his Graveyard to his hand. He banishes "Algiedi" and returns "Kaus". The effect of "Sombre" also lets Dipper Normal Summon another "Constellar" monster this turn if this effect was activated, so he Normal Summons "Constellar Kaus". He activates the effect of "Kaus" twice, increasing the Levels of "Sombre" and "Kaus" by 1 ("Sombre":   4 → 5, "Kaus":   4 → 5). He overlays his two Level 5 LIGHT monsters to Xyz Summon another "Constellar Pleiades" in Attack Position. Dipper overlays the "Pleiades" with no Overlay Units to Xyz Summon " Constellar Ptolemy M7 " in Attack Position via its own effect (2700/2000). He activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit ("Pleiades": 2 → 1 ORU) to return "Turn Toad" to Yuya's hand. "Pleiades" attacks and destroys "Sword Fish". "Ptolemy M7" attacks  directly , but Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Twinkle Comet ", reducing the ATK of "Ptolemy M7" by 1000 ("Ptolemy M7": 2700 → 1700/2000) and inflicting 500  damage  to Dipper (Dipper: 4000 → 3500 LP). The attack continues (Yuya: 2100 → 400 LP). As he controls two "Constellar"  Xyz Monsters , Dipper activates the  Continuous Spell Card  "Constellar Tempest", halving Yuya's LP at the End Phase (Yuya: 400 → 200 LP).
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya Normal Summons " Performapal Trampolynx " (300/300). He activates its effect, returning a card he controls to his hand. He returns "Stargazer Magician". He then activates "Performapal Turn Toad" (   3) in his right Pendulum Zone. He Pendulum Summons "Stargazer Magician" (1200/2400) and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon", both from his hand in Attack Position. Dipper activates the effect of "Pleiades", detaching an Overlay Unit ("Pleiades": 1 → 0 ORU) to return "Odd-Eyes" to Yuya's hand. As a  Pendulum Monster  he controls has left the field, Yuya activates the effect of "Stargazer Magician", letting him Special Summon that monster. He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Yuya then activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Turn Toad", swapping the ATK and  DEF  of a Pendulum Monster he controls ("Stargazer Magician": 1200 → 2400/2400 → 1200). As he controls "Stargazer Magician", Yuya activates " Magical Star Illusion ", increasing the ATK of both players' monsters by the combined Levels of the monsters they control × 100 until the end of the turn. The combined Level of Yuya's monsters is 14 for a 1400 ATK increase ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 3900/2000, "Stargazer Magician": 2400 → 3800/1200, "Trampolynx": 300 → 1700/300). Since Dipper only controls Xyz Monsters and they have  Ranks  and not Levels, his monsters are unaffected. "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Ptolemy M7" (Dipper: 3500 → 2300 LP). "Stargazer Magician" attacks and destroys "Pleiades" (Dipper: 2300 → 1000 LP). "Trampolynx" attacks directly (Dipper: 1000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Trampolynx 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Star Illusion 
 Traps 
 Performapal Revival 
 
 Dipper Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Algiedi 
 Constellar Kaus 
 Constellar Sombre 
 Constellar Virgo Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades  x2 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Constellar Star Cradle 
 Constellar Tempest 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cosmic Arrow 
 Twinkle Comet 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cosmic Sanctuary 
 
 Sora's explanation Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Constellar Virgo  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cosmic Sanctuary 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Duel dans les étoiles
 
 
  German 
 Duell mit den Stars
 
 
  Italian 
 Duellando fra le stelle
 
 
  Korean 
 별들의 심판! 엑시즈 사용자 '천두성'
 
 
  Thai 
 การพิพากษาของดวงดาว ชิจิมะ โฮคุโตะ ผู้ใช้เอ็กซิ้ส
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Yuto 
 
 Manpei Takagi 
 
 Yuto
 
 Michael Liscio Jr.
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 Lianne Marrie Dobbs 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/ArcV_009.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140608144447', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/ConstellarPleiades-JP-Anime-AV-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420093846', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/PleiadesBlocksYuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101105', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/YuyaHoldsOnWithSwordFish.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101117', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/DipperOverlay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101157', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/PleiadesDestroysBuilding.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101313', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/YuyaTwinkleComet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101435', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/YuyaWithMonsters009.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101547', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/DipperDefeated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160420101611', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes