Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_door

This article is about the item. For the card, see  The Door of Destiny .      
 The Door to Yuma [1] 
 — Whoever can open this door will gain a great new power, but know that such a reward comes great risk. You would lose that which is most valuable to you. 
 
       The Door in Yuma's Dream.     
 The Door  (扉  Tobira ) is a diabolical gateway that appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  series. There are two doors - one of which held  Astral  and the " Numbers " and is unlocked by the  Emperor's Key , and one which held " CXyz " which is unlocked with the  Barian Emblem . The Door is voiced by  Inoue Kazuhiko  (Japanese) and  Marc Thompson  (English dub).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Astral's Door 
 
 1.1   Anime 
 1.2   Manga 
 
 
 2   Barian Gate 
 3   References 
 
 
 Astral's Door 
 Anime 
       The Door's lineart.     
 When  Kazuma Tsukumo  obtained the  Emperor's Key , he gave it to his son,  Yuma Tsukumo , who always wore it as it reminded him of his parents. Shortly afterwards, the door started haunting Yuma in his dreams, causing him to have the same nightmare almost every night. In these dreams, Yuma meets the door and a voice says; "Whoever opens this door will obtain a new power, but in exchange will lose what they appreciate the most," but Yuma always wakes up before he can open it.
The dub replaces the second half of the statement with "but know that with such a reward comes great risk". The voice then questions if  Yuma  has the courage to release the ability to discern the humans who are possessed by the " Numbers ". [1] 
 During Yuma's Duel against  Shark , the Emperor's Key, which was broken at that time, responded to Yuma and took him to the door again, repairing itself in the process. The door once again told Yuma to open it, which he did using the Emperor's Key. When it was opened, Astral was released, but some shock caused Astral's memories to break into 100  blank cards . Astral was then fused with Yuma. While Yuma was being combined with Astral, he saw the one-hundred blank "Numbers" around him in a  sphere . The sphere quickly broke and the "Numbers" were all scattered except for  one , which Astral kept. When Yuma returned to reality, he thought it was just a dream, but seeing the Emperor's Key repaired convinced him otherwise. Shortly afterwards, he meets Astral. [1] [2] 
 At a later point, Yuma and Astral mentioned The Door when discussing the Emperor's Key. [3] 
 Later, it appears once again in front of Yuma and reminded him of their covenant: The Door gave him a new power, but in exchange Yuma will forsake his most precious belonging. Then it says that  someone  is interfering with the deal, and gives Yuma the power of  ZEXAL  so that he can defeat Kite. It was revealed that beyond the other side of the door is an entrance to the dimension that is inside the Emperor's Key. [4] 
 Sometime after the  World Duel Carnival , Yuma dreamed about the door once again, and it repeated the same message. However, this time the voice told him that he will be losing that which is important to him soon. [5] 
 After the duel against  Girag , Astral tries to gather memories of the "Numbers" he had already collected, but still couldn't reach. Then he is transported to the door, who tells Astral it was going to test him, in order to obtain the true memories of the "Numbers", and says that at that time, everything would start to move. The door then vanished, and the  Shadow Giant  appeared in front of Astral, in order to test him through a  Duel . After Yuma, who is brought to inside the Key, and Astral defeat the Shadow Giant, the door appears again in front of them, with Yuma recognizing that the door from his dreams. The door then tells Astral to remember his mission, showing him and Yuma a vision, which makes Astral remember the  Numeron Code . [6] 
 When Yuma Dueled against  Nash , Yuma realized that with the power that he obtained with  Astral , the trade-off would be to lose who he truly was, his idealistic ability to connect with others, which he ultimately defied. [7]  During his Duel with Astral, the latter used " The Door of Destiny " card, which transported him and Yuma in front of it. Yuma reflected how this was where he and Astral first met. Recalling the Door's words, Yuma came to realize what he will have to lose his most important thing - Astral. Although conflicted, Yuma had come to accept this at Astral's urging. [8] 
 
 Manga 
       The door shown in the  manga .     
 After  Mirai Tsukumo  gave the key to  Yuma , he had dreams about it for years. The Door says that the one who opens this door will receive great power, but as compensation will lose something important to them. [9]  During his  Duel  with  Shark , Yuma finally opened the door, leading him to release the " Numbers " and meet  Astral . [10] 
 
 
 Barian Gate 
         The Barian Gate.     
 Five years before the events of  World Duel Carnival ,  Dr. Faker  conducted research about finding the doorway to the  other dimension , assisted by  Byron Arclight . With  Kazuma Tsukumo 's help, they located the remaining two of twenty-three odd phenomenons in the world, which allowed them to deduce the location of the door. After finding the door, Faker betrayed both Byron and Kazuma, sacrificing them to enter the  Barian World . [11] 
 On the other side of the door, Faker encountered the  Barian Emperor   Vector , who agreed to heal Faker's son,  Hart Tenjo  in exchange for Faker destroying the  Astral World . Vector stabilized Hart's life with his powers as Faker worked to complete the  Sphere Field Cannon  and collect the " Numbers ". If Faker did not succeed, Vector would take Hart for himself. [12] 
 When a duelist performs a  Chaos Xyz Evolution  by  Rank-Up  with their "Numbers" using a  Barian World 's " Rank-Up-Magic " card, the Barian Gate appears, with their " Chaos Numbers " coming from inside it. The monsters are of Barian origin, and belong to (because of the energy inside the monsters) or are from the Barian World. [13] [14] [15] [16] [17] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 2: " Go With the Flow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 89: " Darkness Dawns " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 143: " The Future of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 2: " A Mysterious Life-Form?! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 55: " Portal of Doom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 70: " A Trio's Challenge: Part II " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 83: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 86: " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 88: " Dual Duel: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 98: " Shadows End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 102: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Demonic_Door.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20110417113525', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/TheDoorLineart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130818094202', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/ZX-001_Gate.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120710193615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Barian_Gate_Emblem.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130303142548']
Categories: Items