Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sylvio_Sawatari

For other versions of this character, see  Sylvio Sawatari (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Shingo Sawatari 
 
 
 Other   
 Singo Sawatari [2] 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Neo Sawatari (ネオ・ 沢 渡   Neo Sawatari ) [3] Neo New Sawatari (ネオ・ニュー 沢 渡   Neo Nyū Sawatari ) [4] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 沢 渡  シンゴ 沢渡 シンゴ さわたり シンゴ Rōmaji: ( Sawatari Shingo ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 도진호 KRR: Jinho Translated:  Jinho 
 
 
 French   
 Sylvio Sawatari [1] 
 
 
 German   
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 Italian   
 Shingo Sawatari 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Sweet milk apple-berry pie with honey [3] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Furio Sawatari  (father) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Lancers 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling Paradise Prep School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Did not place [5]       Friendship Cup   Did not place   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Dart WATER Yosenju Abyss Actor 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Michael Lockwood Crouch 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Shogo Yano 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Hassan Hamdan 
 
 
 German  
 Jeffrey Wipprecht 
 
 
 Italian  
 Federico Zanandrea 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Mark Ivan Uy 
 
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari , known as  Shingo Sawatari  ( 沢 渡  シンゴ  Sawatari Shingo ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is the son of a  high-ranking official  in  Paradise City  and a student of  Leo Institute of Dueling . After losing to  Yuya Sakaki  for the first time, he vows to defeat him and becomes his rival. He is also the second person to ever  Pendulum Summon  successfully, having stolen Yuya's " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician ". [6]  He later becomes one of the  Lancers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.5   Heartland City 
 2.6   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Declan Akaba 
 3.2   Yuya Sakaki 
 3.3   Crow Hogan 
 3.4   Gong Strong 
 3.5   Yugo 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Dart 
 5.2   WATER Monarch 
 5.3   Yosenju 
 5.4   Abyss Actor 
 5.5   Misc 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
         Full body view of Sylvio.     
 Appearance 
 Sylvio is a handsome young boy with short light brown and blonde hair, styled in layers, and grayish blue eyes. He generally wears the  Paradise Prep School  uniform, with his  LID  badge pinned to the collar. He briefly wears an outfit in homage to  Mabuta no Haha  before his Duel with  Yuya  in the  Arc League Championship ; a teal cape with thin white stripes, a wide-brimmed straw hat, a grey tunic over ash-white leggings, and black elbow-length arm warmers and socks that he wears sandals over. Later, Sylvio wears a  Turbo Dueling  outfit during the  Friendship Cup , a yellow jumpsuit with a grey chest portion, white pads, and a teal lining, in addition to a blue helmet with a green visor.
 
 Personality 
 Sylvio is initially shown to have an inflated ego as a "Perfect  Duelist ", being selfish, stubborn, pompous, and incredibly egotistical similar to  Chazz Princeton  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. As such he enjoys being praised by his crew and showing off in front of everyone, although he doesn't take kindly to anyone who interrupts him. His defeat at  Yuya 's hands caused him to develop a grudge against him, but also caused him to develop some of his mannerisms. [3]  Sylvio also often made gestures relating to darts when he felt they suited the situation.
 He shows a degree of cunning, pretending to be friends with Yuya in order to steal his " Timegazer Magician " and " Stargazer Magician ". After he managed to steal them, he then imprisoned Yuya's friends to force him into a  Duel . Throughout the Duel, he continuously mentioned how he was now the chosen one, able to  Pendulum Summon . Similarly, he claimed his Dueling skills to be perfect when he Dueled Yuto, and constantly looked down on Yuto during their Duel. Sylvio was also shown to be extremely materialistic, valuing only rare cards. This is shown in his Decks which are initially comprised of only  Parallel Rare  cards. Furthermore he seemed to be quite shallow with cards, judging them solely for their  ATK  or  DEF  values and their Level regardless of what effect they may have. [6] 
 Despite this, not only did he develop some of Yuya's mannerisms after his first defeat at his hands, but during their second Duel, he also developed a similar attitude and Dueling style, enjoying entertaining the crowd and encouraging Yuya to do the same. The primary difference in Sylvio's motivation for entertainment is that he wants to hear the audience cheering him. He accepted his second loss to Yuya gracefully and told him that he'd Duel him any time he wanted. [5]  He retains this outlook during the  Friendship Cup  with his Duel with  Yugo . He later showed sincere sympathy for Yuya when he was depressed after  Zuzu 's disappearance. Sylvio detests a Duel where his opponents do not play to their fullest, criticizing such opponents and warning others to play seriously beforehand.
 Immediately after Pendulum Summoning for the first time, he became fascinated by the newly discovered Summon type. He quickly called it "the best" and went great distances to obtain  Pendulum Monsters . At one point he even claimed he was the first Duelist to Pendulum Summon [7]  and bragged about Pendulum to  Security  while in the  Synchro Dimension [8] .
 He has a tendency to use his  father  in an attempt to gain an advantage in certain situations. This was shown as he threatened to use have his father fire Security when they were arresting him as well as attempting to use his influence to get food at the  Facility  instead of having to pay the costs of a powerful card, but he failed both times due to his apparent obliviousness of the fact his father has no authority in the Synchro Dimension.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Sylvio tends to add a large number of English phrases to his speech and speaks rather brashly and rudely, sometimes even addressing himself as "ore-sama" which is a very boastful and egotistical personal pronoun in Japanese. In the English dub, his occasional spouts of English are changed to French and his overall manner is far more posh and polite but still arrogant. In that version, Sylvio has a British accent.
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Sylvio was contacted by  Declan Akaba  to obtain  Yuya Sakaki 's  Pendulum Monsters , no matter the means, while he threw darts at a picture of Yuya. [9] 
 
         Sylvio steals  Yuya 's  Pendulum Monsters .      After class one day, he approached Yuya and his friends, throwing three sucker-tipped darts at Yuya before introducing himself, stating that he was a fan of Yuya and his  Pendulum Summoning . Yuya was going to show his friends a Pendulum Summon at his own  Duel School , but Sylvio offered the use of the Center Duel Field at  LID .  Zuzu  wasn't happy about it, but Yuya's other friends all agreed, and Sylvio showed them around the school before he took them to the Duel Field. There Yuya and his friends were met by Sylvio's crew of friends:  Ootomo ,  Yamabe , and  Kakimoto . Sylvio asked to show his crew Yuya's Pendulum Monsters, and Yuya reluctantly showed him his " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician ." Sylvio promptly swiped them and showed them to his crew, before announcing his intention to keep them. He offered Yuya the chance to Duel to get them back, much to the anger of  Claude , who was monitoring Sylvio for Declan. Declan allowed Sylvio to Duel Yuya. Sylvio tossed Yuya some of his  common  cards to replace his Magicians, calling them trash cards. To ensure that Yuya would Duel, Sylvio had Yuya's friends placed on top of one of the towers in " Prison Tower of Darkville ," endangering them with the prospect of their perch being damaged by  Action   Trap Cards . On the first  turn , Sylvio drew "Timegazer Magician," but was instructed by Declan to keep it in his hand instead of playing it right away. Instead, he Summoned " Lightning Hoverboard " and pursued Yuya, destroying his " Performapal Whip Snake " after it was weakened by Action Trap Cards. Yuya continued to play defensively, but to no avail; on Sylvio's next turn he drew a card that allowed him to  add  "Stargazer Magician" to his hand and he proceeded to Pendulum Summon his " Dart " monsters with Declan's assistance. Sylvio was amazed at the Summon, declaring himself a chosen one. [6] 
         Sylvio Pendulum Summons with help from  Declan .     
 He put Yuya on the ropes with his "Dart" monsters, though Yuya proceeded to create an  attack  lock with the card he'd taken from Sylvio - " Block Spider ." Sylvio nullified the lock on his next turn by using " Cricket Close " to  negate  "Block Spider" as well as the effects of his own Pendulum Monsters. In response, Yuya increased the  DEF  of "Block Spider" to the point that only Sylvio's " Ultimate Dart Striker " was able to land a hit. Yuya then reclaimed his Pendulum Monsters with " Empty Fishing " since their effects had been negated and proceeded to Pendulum Summon the next turn himself, using his Pendulum Monsters to allow " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " to destroy all of Sylvio's monsters, while Sylvio frantically tried to dodge the shockwaves. Yuya then finished Sylvio off with Sylvio's own "trash card," "Block Spider." Despite his loss Sylvio ordered his crew to take the Pendulum Monsters by force but  Sora Perse  used a lollipop stick to knock out Sylvio's friends, then Sylvio himself. [10] 
 After his defeat, he acquired new cards that he tested out against one of his crew. They praised him, calling the cards strong, but Sylvio corrected them, claiming that it was him that was strong and stating that he had all the qualities of a "Perfect Duelist." After he used a few expressions similar to those that Yuya had used his friends wondered if Yuya had rubbed off on Sylvio, but he denied it and vowed he would crush Yuya. He was later seen hanging out with his crew in an abandoned warehouse, waiting for his friends to bring him his favorite food, and chastised his friends for being late. 
 
         Sylvio chokes on his food.     
 Zuzu, having overheard Sylvio's crew talking about Sylvio's wish to defeat Yuya, decided to try to stop him and barged into the warehouse, surprising him to the point that he choked on his food. Zuzu demanded that he Duel her, continuously denying Sylvio his attempts to speak. When he protested about this she angrily called him a coward and a second-rate Duelist, infuriating Sylvio. Zuzu continued to insult Sylvio, and he furiously agreed to the Duel. Before they could, the door to the warehouse opened, revealing  a mysterious masked figure , who activated a strange Duel Disk. Sylvio Dueled him instead, mockingly dubbing him "Mr. Mystery" ("Knight" in the Japanese version) for coming to Zuzu's rescue. "Mr. Mystery" placed his entire hand face-down on his first turn and Sylvio seized his chance to bring out " Mobius the Frost Monarch " then  Tribute  it to Summon " Mobius the Mega Monarch ," destroying all five of "Mr. Mystery's"  Spell Cards . [3] 
 
         Sylvio's jacket pierced by " Phantom Knights' Spear ".     
 Despite this, "Mr. Mystery" activated his three " The Phantom Knights of Shadow Veil "  Spell Cards  from the  Graveyard ," Special Summoning them as monsters to defend against Sylvio's attack. On his next turn, "Mr. Mystery" used the remaining cards to  Xyz Summon , to the surprise of Sylvio, " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ." The two exchanged insults about how the other failed to live up to their expectations, before "Mr. Mystery" used his  Xyz Monster 's effect to halve the ATK of "Mobius" twice, adding the stolen ATK to "Dark Rebellion" in addition, and reduced Sylvio to 100  Life Points  with a single attack. The force of the impact sent Sylvio flying, despite the match not being an  Action Duel . "Mr. Mystery" questioned Sylvio about LID's connection to  Duel Academy , holding up an LID badge. Sylvio replied that the badge was worn by all LID students and that he knew nothing of Duel Academy. "Mr. Mystery" turned to leave, but Sylvio refused, pointing out that their Duel was still on. He played " Ice Rage " in an attempt to defeat "Mr. Mystery," but "Mr. Mystery" negated the Trap using " Phantom Knights' Spear " and inflicted enough damage to win without even turning his back. The spear pierced Sylvio's jacket, pinning him to the wall in shock. "Mr. Mystery" then removed his mask to reveal that he resembled Yuya to the point that Sylvio and his friends believed that he  was  Yuya. Sylvio passed out from the stress of the Duel and his crew carried him away in fear. [3] 
 Sylvio exaggerated his injuries and was subsequently hospitalized.  His father  vowed revenge on Yuya, and was deciding on legal action, but they were visited by  Henrietta Akaba , who instead suggested she let them handle it to prevent his father from attracting attention during the upcoming election. Sylvio's crew later confronted Yuya and accused him of attacking Sylvio, claiming that their friend was in great pain - in reality, Sylvio was happily chowing down on melons in bed. [11]  He was later discharged from hospital and he approached Yuya and Zuzu during lunch at school, offering Zuzu his handkerchief and telling Yuya that he shouldn't eat so messily in front of a lady. He joked that he'd heard that Yuya had attacked someone else, but he knew Yuya wasn't responsible, believing him incapable of defeating  Professor Marco , even with Yuya's "cowardly" Pendulum Summoning (a fact that he hadn't told his father, given that they hadn't seen each other since Sylvio had been discharged). He justified this statement by pointing out that only Yuya had them (not knowing that Declan also had Pendulum Cards) and revealed that LID was attempting to mass-produce Pendulum Monsters, which he would use to get his revenge. He told Yuya that he'd see him at the Junior Arc League Championship and then casually walked away, as that was all he'd come to say. [12] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
         Sylvio cosplays as "Mabuta no Haha."     
 At the Championship, he accompanied the Course representatives and  Shay . His first Duel was to be against Yuya the next day. [13]  Sylvio entered the arena the next day dressed in homage to  Mabuta no Haha , proclaiming himself the world's greatest  Duelist , and calling himself "Neo New Sawatari." Sylvio claimed that  Pendulum Summoning  would be Yuya's downfall, and pointed out his (unfounded and quickly disproven) grudges against Yuya. They began their Duel, with Sylvio unveiling his new " Yosenju "  monsters . Yuya Pendulum Summoned next turn and fought back, but Sylvio used his "Yosenju" cards to deny him  Action Cards  and add "Yosenju" Pendulum Monsters from his Deck to his hand and Pendulum Summoned " Mayosenju Daibak ." He then  activated  his " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village " to  send  the cards bounced to Yuya's hand back to his Deck instead, and cleared his  field  when the self-returning effects of his "Yosenju" monsters triggered his " Yosen Whirlwind ", returning the cards to Yuya's hand and thus to his Deck. Despite his pinch, Yuya simply laughed and  Set  his remaining cards, and then turned to find more Action Cards. [4] 
 
         Sylvio and his " Yosenju "  monsters .     
 Sylvio brought out his "Yosenju" legion of monsters again the next turn and wiped Yuya's field clean, but this triggered the effect of Yuya's " Amnesia " card, which caused Sylvio's own monsters to become subject to his deadly combo. Sylvio was impressed, but attempted to end the Duel that turn anyway. Yuya was able to use a " Big Escape " Action Card to end the  Battle Phase , leaving Sylvio's field and hand almost bare. When Yuya didn't Pendulum Summon the next turn and the crowd chanted for it, Sylvio admitted that he was enjoying the Duel and delivered what the crowd wanted, Pendulum Summoning two "Yosenju" and using them as Tributes to Summon "Daibak."
 
         Sylvio graciously accepting his loss to  Yuya .     
 Yuya was able to reduce his damage, and after the crowd began cheering for a Pendulum Summon again, Sylvio encouraged Yuya to live up to their expectations, keeping "Daibak" on the field since he'd Tribute Summoned it. Yuya was able to replenish his hand and bring out "Odd-Eyes," again, then damage Sylvio, who kept "Daibak" on the field by destroying " Yosenju Shinchu L " Much to Sylvio's shock, Yuya  Fusion Summoned  during the  Battle Phase  and brought out " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ," which also had 3000 ATK, and both Sylvio and Yuya leapt for Action Cards. Sylvio attempted to inflict damage to Yuya since his monster had been destroyed and would have won the Duel had Yuya not lucked out and gotten " Miracle ," which prevented his own monster's destruction and allowed the effect of "Beast-Eyes" to go through and wipe Sylvio out. Though he refused Yuya's hand when getting up, Sylvio took the loss gracefully and offered to Duel Yuya any time. Sylvio was visibly happy that he had made the crowd cheer for him, and both of them waved to the cheering crowd. Declan and Claude later retrieved Sylvio's "Yosenju" deck for further analysis. [5] 
 
         Sylvio electrocuted upon paying the 2000  LP  penalty.     
 During the  Battle Royal , after the video feed for all of the areas were cut, Sylvio took advantage of his father's influence to barge into Declan's control room and ask what was going on because he wanted to see how far in the tournament Yuya would get. Declan allowed him to stay and offered him a chance to take place in a revival match. [14]  Declan explained the situation regarding  Celina ,  Shay  and the invading  Obelisk Force  to Sylvio and sent him to assist Celina, Shay, and  Moon Shadow . He arrived in time to use an Action Card to save Moon Shadow. He explained why he was there, boasting that Declan had told him everything, but was then shocked by the intrusion penalty of 2000 LP--a detail that Declan had  not  warned him about. Despite this, he claimed that he'd show them why he was "LID's strongest." [15] 
 
         Sylvio using his new " Abyss Actor "  Pendulum Monsters .     
 Showing off his new " Abyss Actor " Pendulum Deck, he managed to destroy one of the  Obelisk Force 's " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds " without triggering their combo, though he inadvertently allowed the Obelisk Force to bring out " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " and halve their Life Points.  Gong Strong  then joined the Duel, using his card effects to transfer Sylvio's Pendulum Cards to Shay's hand, which allowed Shay to win the Duel with " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ". Sylvio celebrated jovially, and later saw the climax of Yuya's inconclusive Duel with  Sora Perse . After the expiration of the  Battle Royal , Sylvio commented to Declan that he'd chased out the Duel Academy soldiers as he'd been asked, suggesting that this made him one of the  Lancers  now. When Gong asked him about them, Sylvio explained that the Battle Royal had been a selection exam for the Lancers. [16] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 When  Yuya  asked  Declan  why they'd been fighting as opposed to the Youth and Pro teams, Sylvio explained that the Youth team were wiped out save for  one , which was why he'd been sent to help. When  Celina  revealed herself to be from  Duel Academy , Sylvio believed her to be a spy and questioned her until  Moon Shadow  stepped in to fend him off. Declan then reassured them that Celina was no spy. During Yuya's Duel with Declan, Sylvio filled  Dennis  in on Declan's Dueling and he expressed sympathy for Yuya's loss of  Zuzu . [17] 
 After Declan's victory and being informed that they would cross dimensions, Sylvio entered the arena with the  Lancers , cheerfully waving to the crowd. Hearing negative comments about his father's influence, as the crowd believed Sylvio to have reentered the tournament despite his first-round loss, Sylvio snatched  Nico Smiley 's microphone and silenced the crowd by explaining that Declan had allowed him to take place in a revival match to become a Lancer. [18]  The next day he arrived at  Leo Corporation  to prepare to depart with the other Lancers and dubbed them the "Sylvio Sawatari" generation, due to his claim that he pioneered the use of Pendulum Summoning.  Gong  complained about this bold statement but Yuya let it pass. Declan revealed that they would be going to recruit allies in the  Synchro Dimension  and revealed that he had upgraded their  Duel Disks  to generate an Action Field and travel between dimensions. Sylvio joined the Lancers in traveling across the dimensional boundary. [19] 
 
         Sylvio gets arrested by  Sector Security .     
 He arrived in the Synchro Dimension with Yuya, Celina, and  Riley Akaba , and the group were immediately accosted by  Sector Security , claiming that they were wanted for trespassing in  Topsiders -exclusive areas. Unaware as to what the Sector Security members were referring to and incensed by their rudeness, Sylvio rashly challenged them to a Duel despite Yuya's protests. [20]  He was swiftly taken out with a  One Turn Kill  and apprehended, and when Yuya Dueled another Sector Security officer, he bragged about  Action Cards  and  Pendulum Summoning , inadvertently alerting the officers to the function of Action Cards. Although Celina defeated her opponent, Yuya was put in a tough spot and more Sector Security officers arrived. Sylvio managed to get free and face-off against them, but fortunately they were saved by  a Synchro Dimension native  and his gang. [8] 
 
         Sylvio, Yuya,  Celina , and  Riley  are invited by  Crow  to stay at his place.     
 The Synchro user,  Crow , invited them to stay at his place until events calmed down, and Sylvio introduced himself as an undefeated Duelist with Yuya as his disciple. Sylvio revealed through his boasts that they were from a different dimension to a confused Crow.  Frank  and  Tarren , two of the orphans that Crow looked after, later returned with stolen food and revealed that they'd seen Yuya and Celina at a café, who Yuya and Celina deduced to be Zuzu and someone named  Yugo . Crow went out to look for them. [21] 
 Frank and Tarren explained more of  New Domino City 's history, namely that of  Turbo Duels , which Sylvio found interesting. Crow returned empty-handed, and when Celina decided to go and look for news herself, Sylvio decided to go with her, claiming that he was bored of sitting around and pointing out that they still needed to find Declan. [22]  Sylvio took notice of the posters of  Jack Atlas  around New Domino, and they later learned that he was the strongest Duelist in the city after Celina defeated a boy in a Duel. Sylvio noted that Celina seemed to be focusing on Dueling more than finding Zuzu, and Celina replied that she was also looking for strong Duelists. They decided to return to Crow's place and found Crow and Yuya Dueling. Unbeknownst to them, they had led Sector Security to Crow's place and they were quickly arrested. [2] 
 
         Sylvio tries to convince the cook to give him more food.     
 Sylvio was taken with the others to the  Facility , where he learned very quickly that his father's influence was worthless and that rare cards were used as a currency. Although he toyed with the idea of paying with cards to get food, he later joined his fellow Lancers in refusing to give them to the prisoner boss  Chojiro Tokumatsu  in exchange for preferential treatment. Sylvio watched the Duel between Yuya and Chojiro, including the resurgence of Chojiro's previous entertainment persona. [23] [24]  After Yuya won and befriended Chojiro, Yuya and Sylvio received the benefits of being Chojiro's friends and were served better food at breakfast. Chojiro suggested an Entertainment Duel Tournament and Sylvio eagerly joined, turning the Duel into an Action Duel. He was disappointed when Yuya participated halfheartedly, asking him where the Yuya was that had performed the Legendary Dueltaining with him. The Duel was soon revealed to have been used by Crow,  Shinji Weber , and  Damon Lopez  as a distraction for an escape attempt, and Sylvio rescued them from a large Sector Security guard by attacking him with a pan, though this earned him a retaliatory blow. When Chojiro's lackeys rained down rare cards to distract the guards, Sylvio collected a stack himself before escaping with Chojiro and Yuya. [25] 
 
         Sylvio and the others are taken away to compete in the  Friendship Cup .     
 He led them to the roof, where they were cornered by the  Stomptroopers . Sylvio suggested bribing them with rare cards, but Chojiro explained that this wouldn't work on the Stomptroopers Dueling them one-on-three proved difficult for Sylvio, and he fled with Yuya and Chojiro. Trapped on top of a tall tower, Sylvio refused to jump until Chojiro grabbed him and forced him to jump, leaving Yuya to save them. The group were eventually rescued by Gong and Shay, and they linked up with the other escaped Lancers and Commons to swim from the Facility. Unfortunately,  Jean-Michel Roget , the Director of Sector Security, had anticipated them and captured Damon's contact,  Tony Simmons . Envoys of the  High Council  stepped in to bring the Lancers and the Commons to them, where Declan revealed himself and that he had informed the Council of the Interdimensional War. The Lancers were entered into the Friendship Cup and Yuya was chosen to Duel Jack Atlas in an exhibition match before the start of the tournament. Before being separated from Yuya, Sylvio urged him to show his strength to the Synchro Dimension. [26] 
 Sylvio watched the Duels on the first day of the tournament, furious that he wasn't being picked but somewhat pacified by the exquisite dinner that he received. He was angry that he still wasn't Dueling on the second day when Yuya Dueled  Officer 227 , but was concerned when Yuya was close to losing. He was also shocked to learn from Yuya that the losers in the tournament would be sent to the  Underground Labor Facility .  [27]  When his name was announced for the Duel against  Yugo , he was initially angry, not realizing that he'd finally been picked to Duel.
 
         Sylvio vs.  Yugo     
 Sylvio entered the  Duel Palace  declaring himself as the star of the Friendship Cup, not minding the mixed reactions of the audience because what mattered was that they were energized. He told Yugo that he wouldn't accept a substandard Duel, and Yugo replied in kind.
 
         Sylvio uses his " Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony " to increase his  LP .     
 Through sheer luck, Sylvio managed to pass Yugo and take the first turn, bringing out "Big Star" on the first turn. Yugo responded by bringing out " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " and locking Sylvio down with two  Continuous Trap Cards  and the effect of "Clear Wing". Sylvio was able to back Yugo into a corner using his low-Level " Abyss Actor " monsters and his " Abyss Stage Prop - Escape Stage Coach " to reduce the ATK of "Clear Wing" to zero. Yugo was able to come back on the next turn, using Yuya's catchphrase to Sylvio's surprise. Yugo was able to destroy Sylvio's monsters and increase the ATK of "Clear Wing" by combining the effect of "Clear Wing" with that of " Hi-Speedroid Hagoita ", then attack directly for the win.
 
         Sylvio notes how much Yugo resembles Yuya after their Duel.     
 Sylvio was angered by the loss, but he cheered up after hearing the crowd applauding and shouting his name. He turned to tell Yugo to acknowledge the crowd's applause but was shocked to learn that Yugo resembled Yuya. Before Sylvio could talk further, the staff took him away. [28] 
 
         Sylvio vows to win every Duel in the  Underground .     
 Sylvio was taken to the Underground Labor Facility, where the staff that escorted him explained the rules of the place. Upon arriving to meet Gong and Chojiro and learning from  Lucas Swank  that one had to win consecutive Duels in order to leave, Sylvio immediately challenged the group to a Duel. [29]  However, there is no indication of any duels actually taking place.
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
         Sylvio and  Shay  against Underground guards.     
 Sylvio was doing cleanup work with Gong until  Crow  came down and explained that Duel Academy had invaded New Domino City. Sylvio, Gong, and Shay then got their  Duel Disks  from Moon Shadow, who also informed them that Riley was Dueling alone to protect Celina. Sylvio and Shay decided to go and help while Gong stayed to protect Zuzu from Security. Their escape route was blocked off by an electric gate, forcing Sylvio and Shay to Duel against five guards, who were all defeated by Shay's " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ". Lucas arrived on a mining cart to capture them but crashed into the gate. The Stomptroopers arrived and surrounded them but were stopped when Shinji activated the conveyer belt. Lucas returned to Duel them but was stopped by  Officer 227  and his fellow former officers, allowing Shay, Sylvio, and Moon Shadow to escape. [30] 
 
         Sylvio still considers Sora an enemy.     
 When Sylvio, Gong, and Chojiro reunited with Yuya, Moon Shadow, Sora, and Riley, Sylvio accused Sora but Yuya defended him. They found out Zuzu and Celina were captured by  Sergey  and  Barrett , respectively. They also learned that Roger was a defector of Duel Academy who planned to use Zuzu as a bargaining chip to protect New Domino and his plans to turn the Synchro Dimension into his own kingdom. Sylvio still suspected him as a enemy when he was going to rescue Zuzu, but Gong also defended Sora. When Yuya and Gong were about to leave as well, Sylvio was angry about staying behind but Chojiro told him that protecting Riley can only be done by somebody close to Declan. Sylvio changed his mind and asked Riley to call him big brother as well. [31] 
 
         Sylvio and Gong block the Commons' path.     
 After watching the  Commons  and Sector Security's battle escalate, Sylvio and Chojiro argue about how to get through. Before they come to a decision, Riley's traumatic memories again causes him to join the battle before being calmed by Shay. When they arrived at the Capital Building, the front entrance was blocked by Sector Security. Before they could come up with a plan, Declan arrived and destroyed their Trap Cards with " D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga "'s effect. After defeating Sector Security, they went get Yuya on Shay's " Raidraptors ", where they found Yuya, Gong,  Sam , Frank,  Amanda  and Tarren on the bridge to the  Duel Palace  about to be attacked by Commons who had mistaken them for retreating Topsiders. Once he was in the stadium, Yuya challenged Jack to a Duel. [32]  Sylvio helped the Lancers and Chojiro in fending off Sector Security when they stormed the Duel Palace, defeating a  Jutte Lord  with "Abyss Actor - Superstar". [33]  He later went out with the Lancers to quell the Commons' riots. He and Gong block off a mob of Commons from continuing their fight against Sector Security with " Big Benkei ", " Trumpeter ", " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian ", " Abyss Actor - Pretty Heroine " and " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie ". [34] 
 They succeeded in stopping the riots as everyone was getting wrapped into the Duel and Sylvio was happy when Yuya won, but disappointed when Gong beat him to naming the  Pendulum Effect  of " Nirvana High Paladin ". The Council broadcasted via holograms their confession of the true purpose of tournament, resigned and disbanded, and dissolved the Topsiders and Commons system. Everyone widely clapped and agreed, and celebrations continued. Sylvio also watched Sora's broadcast and was surprised when Roget took Zuzu. [35] 
 
         Sylvio and the Lancers look over Heartland.     
 He and Gong arrived at the ruins of Roget's office and they wondered whether Sora had been buried in the rubble, but Shay arrived and reassured them that Sora would not let that stop him. They found Yuya, Crow and Jack with Riley and Moon Shadow outside a room where Declan was Dueling Roger. Sora managed to let the Lancers in, where they learned that Roget was using holographic clones to repeatedly Duel Declan. When Declan managed to thwart Roget's loop of Duels, Roger revealed that the Professor, the leader of Duel Academy, was none other than  Leo Akaba , Declan's father and the founder of LID and the Leo Corporation. Declan managed to throw off the accusations against him and Roget retreated. Sylvio witnessed Yuya and Zuzu's reunion and Roget's attempts to kill them all by dropping the City into the void between dimensions. After Roget and Zuzu were both sucked away, Sylvio came to Gong and Shay's aid when Yuya was beginning to get sucked in too, but their efforts were in vain and all four Lancers were sucked into the portal. They came to in a ruined city, and Sylvio questioned whether New Domino had been destroyed. Shay informed them that they were in fact in his home:  Heartland City  in the  Xyz Dimension . [36] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Shay  left Sylvio,  Gong  and  Yuya  to go and seek out the base of  the Resistance , but he did not return, so the three  Lancers  wandered the ruins of Heartland. Sylvio was starving and hallucinated an oasis, but when admonished for it by Gong, legitimately spotted a woman gathering water and food. The woman fled upon seeing their  Duel Disks , so the Lancers attempted to return her supplies, though Sylvio had to be persuaded not to have some. They witnessed a man being  sealed  into a card by three  Duel Academy  students and found the woman's house, eventually managing to convince them to take their food back. Sylvio was extremely tempted by the food and he argued with Gong over eating it, until Gong's growling stomach and the generosity of the woman's sons allowed them to have some. The woman also explained that the Resistance had been wiped out for some time. The three Duel Academy students returned, but they were stayed from sealing the group when they noticed that the Lancers were Duelists. Yuya, Gong and Sylvio defeated them all using Yuya's " Smile World " and a  Pendulum Summon , also succeeding in entertaining the family. Sylvio tried to use the Duel Academy Duelists' Duel Disk to seal them into cards, but Yuya stopped him. Sylvio protested that they couldn't just let the students flee and was proven right when the students did flee, but he and the Lancers saw the students sealed into cards by  a Duelist  with a  dragon  who then challenged the Lancers to a Duel. [37] 
 
         Sylvio accepting Kite's challenge.     
 Sylvio accepted his challenge, and Gong joined as well in order to prove that they were not enemies. The Duelist, who Yuya identified as Kite Tenjo, concluded that they were invaders after seeing Sylvio use an Action Card. Sylvio tried to prevent Kite from  Xyz Summoning  his dragon, but Kite managed to counter his attempts and call out " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", defeating Sylvio and Gong. [38]  Sylvio and Gong watched Yuya Duel Kite, who was able to counter some of Yuya's tactics from learning through the Duel with Sylvio. Kite learned that Action Cards can be used for defense, and Sylvio tried to explain how they could be used before being silenced. Yuya Xyz Summoned " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ",  Shay  and  two   other  Resistance members interrupted the Duel and Shay clarified that Yuya, Sylvio and Gong were his comrades. While Kite was still in doubt, Shay assured Kite that Yuya wanted to stop Duel Academy as much as they did, asking him to trust Yuya like he did. Upon hearing Yuya's last name and the female Resistance member's plea to return, Kite refused before taking his leave of them. [39] 
 
         Sylvio at the Resistance's new hideout.     
 Sylvio went to the Resistance's  new hideout  where he was scolded by Gong for being rude to Allen. Upon witnessing Allen mistaking Yuya for Yuto, he asked who Yuto was (as he had never learned his name when they Dueled). Gong explained to Sylvio that Yuto was someone  Zuzu  had met a few times who looked like Yuya. Sylvio learned of the second massive attack that Duel Academy had launched that had wiped out most of the Heartland civilians and the Resistance members. He, Yuya and Gong were surprised and shocked to hear of  Yusho Sakaki 's visit to the dimension as well as the fact that Yusho was well-known in Heartland. [40] 
 Shay later met up with Kite again, and as they prepared to Duel, Sylvio and Gong arrived to stop them, but were unable to do so. During the Duel, Sylvio explained Action Cards to Allen and Saya. Yuya arrived, and also failed to stop the Duel, but Shay began to use Action Cards, calling them the power of his comrades, the Lancers. Sylvio and Gong explained the effects of each card he used, and they realized in shock that Shay's final card had been " Flight ", which he couldn't use at the time. They were surprised when Yuya revealed that Yuto was residing inside him. Kite defeated Shay and prepared to seal him in a card, but Saya begged him not to before revealing that she had witnessed  Lulu Obsidian 's kidnapping. This revelation shocked Sylvio, and Kite reluctantly complied before leaving again. [41] 
 
         Sylvio and Gong find an injured Allen and Saya.     
 Saya later ran off to go find Kite, and Sylvio looked around the hideout for her, but he was unable to find her and returned to the hideout to inform Gong. Shay arrived and decided to split the Lancers into two groups to find Saya. While they were searching through Heartland, Gong and Sylvio heard an eplosion, and they found the unconscious bodies of Allen and Saya at the source. Sylvio asked the  female   Duelists  that had defeated the two Resistance members if they were from Duel Academy. When the Duelists asked who he was, Sylvio revealed he and the others were Lancers, and he and Gong Dueled the Tyler sisters. [42]  Sylvio and Gong were defeated as well due to the handicap that the Tag Duel gave Gong, just as Yuya and Shay arrived. Sylvio remained unconscious for most of the Duel; waking when the Tyler sisters'  LP  was raised to 10,100, and wondering what Yuya could do. He was pleased when Yuya and Shay were able to defeat the Tyler sisters. [43] 
 After Allen accepted Yuya as a comrade, the  Obelisk Force  arrived to challenge them. Sylvio and Gong wanted to join the Duel, but their injuries. Sylvio was worried when Shay was taken out of the Duel by falling debris from the shockwave caused by the attack of " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ". [44]  A squad led by Duel Academy Commander-in-chief  Aster Phoenix  surrounded them, but Kite, who had shown up to help Yuya and Shay, defeated the attackers, allowing everyone to escape while Yuya Dueled Aster. [45] 
 
         The  Lancers  and  Kite  going to the  Fusion Dimension .     
 Sylvio and others made it back to the hideout with Shay and watched over him while the Resistance went back for Yuya. They learned that the Duel Academy forces in Heartland had decided to abandon the  Arc Project  and help rebuild the  Xyz Dimension  as a means of atonement. Sylvio agreed with Allen when he expressed his concern over the decision to let Duel Academy help even if Yuya had opened their hearts. Yuto talked through Yuya, and Sylvio wondered if Yuya was talking, but Gong clarified that it was Yuto. He was surprised when Aster revealed that there was a way to restore the people who had been sealed into cards, but they would first have to retrieve the cards from Duel Academy in the Fusion Dimension. Sylvio, Yuya, Gong, and Kite bid goodbye to their allies and they traveled to the Fusion Dimension using the  Interdimensional Travel Device  in Duel Academy's base. 
 Upon their arrival, they found Zuzu cornered by Duel Academy soldiers. [46]  He was surprised to see  Iggy Arlo  in the Fusion Dimension. Gong spotted  Dennis McField , and Sylvio told him to reveal  Celina 's location. They were surrounded by Duel Academy soldiers and Sylvio Dueled them with Gong to protect Zuzu. However, their Duel was left unfinished due to the soldiers being focused on Yuya and Iggy's Duel. Iggy activated " Evil-Sealing Flash " in an attempt to end the Duel in a  DRAW  to Sylvio's surprise, and he watched Yuya escape from the pit that the card had created and applauded with everyone else for Yuya and Iggy's Duel. [47] 
 Zuzu led Sylvio, Yuya and Gong to the harbor, where Yusho Sakaki was talking a boat to Duel Academy. Unfortunately, the ship left before they arrived, so they tried to find a boat to catch up with it. They were unable to find a boat, until Celina appeared and told them to follow her. [48]  Celina led them to a ship that Sylvio criticized for being a pirate ship, and he wondered if it could get them to Duel Academy, though he was intimidated by  Captain Cutter  and thought he was a real pirate. As they set sail on Captain Cutter's ship, more Duel Academy soldiers arrived by helicopter and Celina took Zuzu hostage. Cutter's crewmates tied Sylvio and Gong up and Sylvio cursed Celina for betraying them. He watched the Duel in worry as Cutter pressured Yuya with " Captain Lock " and knocked Yuya off the ship. Fortunately,  Crow   saved  Yuya, while Moon Shadow freed Sylvio and Gong and they escaped to the speedboat that the Lancers had brought.  Sora  joined the Duel, and Sylvio tried to warn him about the effect of "Captain Lock", but Sora already knew to counter the effect by Fusion Summoning, as Gong explained to Sylvio (who claimed that he knew that). He watched Yuya and Sora defeat Cutter and learned that  Shinji  and  Chojiro  had urged the Lancers to leave rebuilding  New Domino City  to them. [49]   Declan  later revealed to the Lancers that he travelled to Duel Academy three years previously and asked Yuya's father for help. Sylvio learned that Declan had discovered  Revival Zero , another part of the Professor's plan that involved Celina and  Yuri , a boy from the Fusion Dimension who resembled Yuya, and possibly Yuya himself. Declan advised the Lancers to believe in their friends' strength and fight to the very end. After they arrived at Duel Academy, Sylvio complained about having to climb a cliff, and Sora explained that it was closer to the Professor's lab.  [50] 
 After scaling the cliff, they were surrounded by Duel Academy students. As they had previously planned, the Lancers split into two groups; Sylvio, Yuya, Gong, Crow, and Moon Shadow Dueled the students, while Declan's group continued to the lab. The students retreated, and when the Lancers pursued them they were trapped in energy nets. They were forced into a  Survival Duel  with five Duel Academy students that would only leave one man standing. Yuya refused to participate in the Survival Duel, but Sylvio asked him if he would rather be sealed into a card instead. Crow tried to help Sylvio explain the situation to Yuya before Moon Shadow went ahead to provide reconnaissance. However, they heard a scream and ran to its location only to find a card containing  a Duel Academy student .  Another terrified student  emerged from the bushes, and Sylvio tried to question him, but the student ran away and Sylvio pursued him, not only losing the student, but getting separated from the others. As he looked for the student,  a shuriken  was thrown past him and he wondered where it had come from. He started running until he spotted  someone  staring at him from the bushes [51]  and he fled from his pursuer until he accidentally fell off the Duel arena and landed on a ledge. He climbed back up and reunited with Crow, but they realized that someone was watching them as  two   more  students arrived. Thinking they were his pursuers, Sylvio and Crow challenged them to a Duel, but before he could take the first turn, someone else entered the Duel. [52] 
 The mysterious intruder defeated the two students and sealed them  into   cards , and Sylvio and Crow fled. Sylvio encouraged the Duelist to come out and face them, but Crow told Sylvio outright that he would be unable to defeat the Duelist and attacked Sylvio directly with " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ", damaging his Duel Disk in the process. Sylvio quickly realized that Crow had done so on purpose in an attempt to protect him by removing him from the Duel. Crow's  attempt  to defeat the Duelist failed, though it revealed him as the Battle Beast. Sylvio unsuccessfully attempted to stop Crow from being sealed into a  card , but he was able to recover the card before the Battle Beast could crush it and he tearfully lamented over Crow's demise. Yuya and Gong challenged the Battle Beast to a Duel, and Sylvio tried to join but his broken Duel Disk prevented him from doing so. He watched as the Battle Beast pushed Yuya and Gong to the brink of defeat and was surprised when Gong used an Action Card. He was also surprised when Gong lost and  Jack  arrived in the arena. [53]  Sylvio helped Gong up and commented that Gong had held out because he knew Jack was coming, but Gong clarified that he hadn't known that would happen. Jack explained that he had been sent by Crow's kids and he asked where Crow was. Sylvio tearfully, revealed Crow's card explaining that Crow had tried to save him. Sylvio was amazed when Jack was able to deal heavy damage to the Battle Beast, and he wondered why it had been so high; Gong reminded him of the effect of " Pollice Verso ". To his and Gong's surprise,  Sanders  revealed that the Professor had ordered him to eliminate Yuya. This caused Yuya to become lost in thought, and they called out to him as Sanders'attacked. Sylvio criticized Sanders' teachings when he told his students to follow the rules despite the fact that he had set five of them up to be sealed into cards. He told Yuya not to get lost now and take on Crow and Moon's enemy. Sylvio was surprised when the Battle Beast used the effect of Sanders' " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor " to destroy itself in order to defeat Sanders. [54] 
 
         Sylvio and Jack help Gong to stand.     
 To Sylvio's surprise, Yuya claimed that the Battle Beast didn't really want to fight and he explained the similarities between him and Battle Beast. Sylvio realized that the Battle Beast had become more aggressive when Crow drove him out of the jungle. The students declared their belief that Sanders should be sealed into a card for losing, and Sylvio wondered if people's lives mattered to them. Sylvio was surprised that Jack protected Yuya during the Duel, but he was angry that Jack was sacrificing himself as he looked at Crow's card. Jack used the effect of " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " to destroy all cards on the field, and Sylvio reminded him that he had destroyed Yuya's monsters too. Sylvio wondered what Yuya was planning after he  Special Summoned   Level 1   Pendulum Monsters , and he was hit by a paintball from " Performapal Shieldrummer ". When Yuya went for a direct attack, Sylvio was worried because of the of "Great Fortress". As Yuya's monsters engaged in a paintball fight with the " Gladiator Beasts " via his " Performapal Pendulum Art and Clean ", Sanders thought that Yuya would lose, and Sylvio asked him if he hadn't learnt anything. Indeed, Yuya defeated the Battle Beast, and reassured him that he would save the people that the Battle Beast had sealed into cards, prompting Sylvio to look at Crow's card. He told Yuya that they would catch up to him as he and Jack helped Gong up. [55] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Sylvio and  Gong  arrived in the  City  and found  Sora  and  Aster  injured. As they checked on them, they learned that  Yuya ,  Yuto ,  Yugo  and  Yuri  had become the  Supreme King Z-ARC , and that Aster and Sora had attempted to regain Yuya's heart through Dueling. Sylvio watched over Sora and Aster while Gong ran to join the Duel and heard a  engine roaring , heralding the arrive of  Jack . To his shock, Z-ARC defeated his current opponents,  Shay  and  Kite . Sylvio told Gong and Jack that he was counting on them, lending them his perseverance. [56] 
 
         Sylvio and a revived Crow enter the Duel against Z-ARC.     
 Despite this, Sylvio was furious that he was being left out of an important Duel, and he blamed  Crow  for destroying his  Duel Disk . He explained to Sora how Crow had saved him from the  Battle Beast , and that he was sure their thoughts would reach Yuya.  Z-ARC  brought out " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing ", angering Sylvio even further as he believed that he could reach Yugo with his Dueltaining if his Duel Disk worked. Z-ARC used the effect of "Clear Wing"  equipped  with " Supreme Presence " to destroy all of Gong's monsters, and Sylvio begged Crow to protect him. Gong and Jack survived through the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Ward Chief Heavystrong ", and Sylvio was overjoyed and asked Crow if he saw how Gong protected " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ". He was surprised when  New Domino City  materialized in the Fusion Dimension, but he declared his belief that Jack could cross a materializing highway to reach Yuya. Gong was defeated, and the shockwave caused Sylvio to lose Crow's card. As Sylvio checked on Gong, Gong explained that that Z-ARC had reacted to the word Dueltaining. Gong gave Sylvio his Duel Disk and  Yuya's pendant , and to Sylvio's surprised joy, Crow arrived, freed from his card. Sylvio and Crow joined the Duel as Z-ARC defeated Jack, both receiving intrusion penalties. Sylvio put Yuya's pendant on and he announced that he would decide the Duel. [57] 
 
         Sylvio and Crow defeated by Z-ARC.     
 Sylvio told Z-ARC if carded person could rise, even Z-ARC won't able to revive and want to bring Yuya back. However, he got angry when Crow went before him and was surprised when Crow negated the effect of " Supreme King Gate Zero " and dealt damage to Z-ARC. He made fun of Z-ARC about in denial of losing and took his turn using Yuya's catchphrase in an attempt to remind what real  Dueltainment  is. He  Pendulum Summoned  " Abyss Actor - Superstar ", " Wild Hope ", and " Leading Lady " while Z-ARC Summoned " Supreme King Servant Dragon Odd-Eyes " during his turn due to its own effect. Sylvio told Yuya he did it properly and used the effect of "Superstar" to add " Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King " to his hand but Z-ARC used the effect of " Supreme King Z-ARC " to destroy it due to being added to his hand outside the  Draw Phase . Sylvio told Z-ARC he was so scared and used " Abyss Script - Abysstainment " to  Set  "Rise of the Abyss King" by  Tributing  "Leading Lady". He then activates it to destroy "Z-ARC" and "Odd-Eyes" equal to the number of " Abyss Actor " monsters he controls. When Z-ARC tried to use " Supreme Face-off ", Sylvio used the second effect of "Abyss Entertainment" to prevent him from activating it while he controls a  Level 7  "Abyss Actor" monster. But, Z-ARC used the effect of "Odd-Eyes" to protect  Pendulum Monsters  from being destroyed. Sylvio told Yuya the "Yuya Sakaki" he knew wasn't a coward to be so defensive and that he put braved danger to pull off a great escape. He asked Yuya where that courage come from and told him if he keeps forgetting, he'll keep reminding him. Sylvio used "Abyss Entertainment" again by tributing "Wild Hope" and setting "Abyss King" again, which he activates to target "Z-ARC". However, "Z-ARC" was unaffected due to  Fusion ,  Synchro , and  Xyz Monsters  being in the  graveyard  or  banished , and cannot be destroyed. He was surprised to see  Leo Akaba  intruding the Duel and his "Superstar" and Crow's " Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling " were then forced to attack "Z-ARC" and destroyed with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the damage. Sylvio and Crow were defeated and sent flying into the roof of a building. When Leo sent " Master Spirit Tech Force - Pendulum Ruler " to the graveyard, Sylvio wondered why he did that. [58] 
 He told  Declan  to pull Yuya's soul out of Z-ARC and passed Yuya's pendant on to him. He and Crow were happy when Declan managed to dealt damage to Z-ARC. Sylvio was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed Declan, but was happy  Moon Shadow  came back and saved Declan. He was happy when  Ray   turned  all of Z-ARC's monsters into  Normal Monsters  with their effects negated. When "Z-ARC" was revived, Sylvio was worried that Yuya wasn't fully in control. [59] 
 Following Z-ARC's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Sylvio lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the  Lancers  adventures. He received a invitation from Declan for the  Junior Arc League Championship  and met Yuya and Gong at  Leo Institute of Dueling . They learned from Declan that they would Duel in a  Battle Royal  first. Upon " Quartet of Quandry "  activating , Sylvio wondered where was the fourth Duelist and was surprised when Moon Shadow arrived. He then vowed to win the Duel, bringing out " Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser " and attacked " Performapal Hip Hippo " while using its effect to double its  ATK  during  damage calculation . However, Yuya  dodged  the attack and Sylvio sets a card. When Moon Shadow reminded them of the Arc League Championship, Sylvio's memories started to return and watched Yuya take damage from the effect of " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu ". When Moon Shadow used the  Pendulum Effect  of " Twilight Ninja Kagen " to copy " Twilight Ninja Jogen 's" effect, Sylvio noted Yuya would survive and was having a poor endgame. [60]  When Yuya used " Miracle " to protect himself, Sylvio used " Abyss Improv " to increase the  battle damage  by "Curtain Raiser's" ATK. However, Gong increased " Hippo Token 's"  DEF  with the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Helper ", causing Moon Shadow to receive the damage. When Yuya attacked "Curtain Raiser", Sylvio used its effect to double its ATK to lower the damage, but was still attacked directly by "Hip Hippo". He then Pendulum Summoned "Superstar" and "Curtain Raiser" from his  Extra Deck  and yelled out at Yuya to stop spacing out after he used " Dragon's Shadow Performance ". He used the  Pendulum Effect  of " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " to increase "Superstar's" ATK by adding "Curtain Raiser" to his Extra Deck. He then used the effect of "Superstar" to add " Abyss Script - Shadow Spirit " to his hand and activates it to turn any monster ATK equal to its DEF that battles an "Abyss Actor" monster. Sylvio attacked "Hip Hippo" but Yuya used " Encore " to copy "Evasion's" effect from the graveyard. Sylvio used " Abyss Entertainment " to halve "Superstar's" ATK to again attack but Yuya used the second effect of "Dragon's Shadow Performance" to prevent " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " from being destroyed. When  Skip  arrived at the stadium and told Yuya that Zuzu was gone, Sylvio regained his memories of her. He was surprised when Gong gave up his  LP  to use the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Preservation " to weaken "Superstar" and was defeated. [61] 
 When  Henrietta  revealed a baby Riley, Sylvio was surprised and wondered why he was a baby. He learned from Declan that the  Natural Energy Cards  turned Riley back into a baby and lost his smile due to absorbing Z-ARC's soul to save Yuya. He also learned the reason for reenacting the Arc League Championship was to return Riley's smile and save the world through Yuya's Dueltaining. Sylvio doubted Riley's smile would save the world but was surprised when Yuya mentioned Z-ARC's soul being in some part of Riley. He also learned that Z-ARC will resurrect and the world will be at risk again if they don't do it. Sylvio was surprised when Gong summoned a  new monster  and rode it. He then ran out of the way before "Steam Train King" ran over him. [62] 
 He is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against Jack with Gong,  Aura  and  You Show Duel School . Sylvio and Gong discussed how Jack countered Yuya's attack and summoned a  new monster . [63]  He was happy when Yuya won and surprised when Declan became next opponent. Sylvio wondered why Yuya didn't Pendulum Summon " Performapal Duck Dealer " but was happy when Yuya started to. He was amazed when Yuya made a comeback against Declan's " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon (anime)s ". Sylvio was surprised when Declan summoned " D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon ", " D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon ", and " D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon ". [64]  He was worried when Yuya took huge damage from the four dragons being destroyed. Sylvio was amazed when Yuya used the effect of " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " to destroy all of Declan's monsters. He then wondered why Yuya attacked "Darkness Armageddon" due to its ATK being higher than "Wing Dragon". Sylvio cheered Yuya on when he used the effects of " Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate " and " Wonder Chance " to give " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " additional attacks. However, he was surprised when Declan survived the attacks and happy when Yuya was able to Pendulum Summon again. When Yuya and Declan were collecting  Action Cards  due to the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ", Sylvio and Gong were surprised at how Declan was stealing Yuya's shine. They were also worried when Declan was catching up to Yuya and Sylvio was happy when Yuya got five first. He was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the field by Ray to witness Zuzu's revival. [65] 
 
 Relationships 
 Declan Akaba 
 Sylvio is shown to greatly respect and admire  Declan 's Dueling abilities as shown when he bragged about how he was well known for his multiple Summoning methods to  Dennis . Declan in return, is shown to have faith in Sylvio's abilities as shown by how he entrusted Sylvio with the task of taking  Yuya 's  Pendulum Monsters , had him test a " Yosenju " Pendulum Deck, and had him become a  Lancer  to aid the others during the invasion by the  Obelisk Force . Declan also taught Sylvio how to Pendulum Summon. It is implied they have some prior connection because there is no other reason given as to why Declan would choose him to steal Yuya's cards.
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 At first, due to Sylvio stealing  Yuya 's  Pendulum Monsters  as well as kidnapping his friends to force him to Duel in order to test them, Yuya immediately disliked him. Sylvio's defeat at Yuya's hands and losing the Pendulum cards caused Sylvio to form a bitter rivalry with him. However, things changed during their second Duel in which they began to develop a mutual understanding of each other's motivations and they both gained great respect for each other. After generously offering to Duel Yuya anytime the latter wanted, they buried the past and became friendly rivals. Although they can sometimes mildly annoy one another, they still appear to be concerned for each other in important scenarios such as when Yuya lost  Zuzu  and when Sylvio was defeated and captured by  Security . Their common love for entertaining the crowd has also helped improve their relationship and has allowed them to work well together in  Action Duels .
 
 Crow Hogan 
 When  Crow  and his gang saved Sylvio and the other  Lancers  from  Security , Sylvio showed sincere respect and gratitude to Crow. While Crow found Sylvio's claims about the Lancers and  Standard Dimension  strange, he didn't seem to dislike Sylvio. After Sylvio defended Crow from a large Security guard which allowed Crow and his friends to escape, they seem to have gained respect for each other, giving each other a thumbs up. 
 Despite being initially angry that Crow had sacrificed himself to save him, when Crow was sealed into a  card  by  Battle Beast  Sylvio grew extremely upset and immediately ran to save his card when Battle Beast was about to step on it, showing how much he cares for and respects Crow. Due to Crow's actions Sylvio came to recognize the importance of others sacrificing themselves for those they care about, and behaved more emotionally than usual. He was horrified when he lost the card, but overjoyed when Crow was freed from the card and returned to Duel Z-ARC with him.
 
 Gong Strong 
 While not getting along at first, Sylvio and Gong grew to be friends and allies as part of the Lancers and mutual friends of Yuya. They have been each other's most frequent tag-team partners in Duels. Gong later entrusted his Duel Disk and Yuya's pendant to Sylvio, believing that he could get through to Yuya.
 
 Yugo 
 Yugo  and Sylvio were opponents in the  Friendship Cup . They were friendly to each other and they complimented each other's Dueling skills. They left on friendly terms when Sylvio encouraged Yugo to answer the cheers of the crowd after their fiery Duel.
 
 Other appearances 
 Shingo Sawatari (manga) Shingo Sawatari (DY) Sylvio Sawatari ( Tag Force ) 
 Decks 
 Sylvio's Deck has changed drastically over the course of the anime, having used 4 completely different decks throughout the series.
 
 Dart 
 Sylvio initially plays a  " Dart " Deck . All the cards in this Deck (besides the "Magicians" he stole from  Yuya ) are  Parallel Rare .
 
 
 Darts Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lightning Hoverboard 
 Power Dart Striker 
 Rocket Dart Striker 
 Ultimate Dart Striker 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Stargazer Magician [Notes 1] 
 Timegazer Magician [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cricket Close 
 Tribute Trade 
 Traps 
 Breakthrough Skill [Notes 2] 
 WATER Monarch 
 Sylvio later plays a  WATER   Monarch  Deck , which focuses on  destroying   Spell / Trap  Cards and  Summoning  " Mobius the Mega Monarch ". Like his "Dart" Deck, the cards in this Deck are Parallel Rare.
 
 
 WATER Monarch Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Escher the Frost Vassal 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Mobius the Mega Monarch Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Tribute Carnival 
 Traps 
 Ice Rage 
 Yosenju 
 Sylvio uses a  " Yosenju " Deck  during the  Arc League Championship . Sylvio focuses a lot of his strategies on swarming the field with his "Yosenju" monsters to accumulate counters on his " Yosen Training Grounds " which he uses to gather the necessary cards for his strategies. He also uses a lockdown comprised of " Mayosenju Daibak ", " Yosen Whirlwind " and " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village ", returning his opponent's cards to their Deck, putting them in a pinch. This Deck, unlike his previous two, is not comprised of Parallel Rare cards.
 
 
 Yosenju Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Kama 1 
 Yosenju Kama 2 
 Yosenju Kama 3  x2 
 Yosenju Kodam [Notes 3] 
 Yosenju Oyam  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Yosen Whirlwind 
 Traps 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village 
 Abyss Actor 
 Sylvio's final Deck is an  " Abyss Actor " Deck , first used during the invasion of the  Fusion Dimension Warriors . It focuses on  Pendulum Summons  and is supported by the " Abyss Script "  archetype  of  Spell Cards . During the Heartland City arc, he also demonstrates a focus on restricting the opponent's  Extra Deck . Like his previous "Yosenju" Deck, it is not composed of Parallel Rare cards.
 
 
 Abyss Actor Deck Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser 
 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel 
 Abyss Actor - Extras 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Abyss Actor - Leading Lady 
 Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie 
 Abyss Actor - Superstar 
 Abyss Actor - Wild Hope Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Abyss Actors' Costume Chest 
 Abyss Costume - Dwarf's Shield 
 Abyss Costume - Hero's Sword 
 Abyss Entertainment 
 Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon 
 Abyss Script - Abysstainment 
 Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic 
 Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair 
 Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony 
 Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King 
 Abyss Script - Shadow Spirit 
 Abyss Stage - Treasure Boat of the Lucky Seven 
 Traps 
 Abyss Actor's Injury 
 Abyss Improv 
 Misc 
 Sylvio had a number of cards he offered to  Yuya Sakaki  as "compensation" for taking his " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician ". He described them as "trash cards" that fit Yuya perfectly. Yuya chose to add " Block Spider " to his Deck as a result. [6] 
 During his escape from the  Facility , Sylvio managed to grab a pile of rare cards from  Chojiro Tokumatsu 's collection that were used as a distraction. The only shown card was " Dark Mirror Force ". [25] 
 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Morinphen 
 Effect Monsters 
 Block Spider x2 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Hungry Burger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The Humble Sentry 
 Traps 
 Dark Mirror Force 
 Localized Tornado 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 3 - 4 
 Lose
 
 
 Kakimoto 
 7 
 Win
 
 
 Yuto 
 7 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 31 - 32 
 Lose
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 48 - 49 
 Win (with  Celina ,  Gong Strong ,  Moon Shadow  and  Shay Obsidian )
 
 
 Sector Security 
 56 
 Lose
 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu ,  Yuya Sakaki 
 62 
 No result
 
 
 3  Stomptroopers 
 63 
 Win (with  Gong Strong ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Yugo 
 72 
 Lose
 
 
 5  Underground Facility  guards 
 90 
 Win (with  Shay Obsidian )
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 96 
 Win (with  Chojiro Tokumatsu ,  Declan Akaba ,  Gong Strong ,  Riley Akaba  and  Shay Obsidian )
 
 
 3  Duel Academy  Duelists 
 100 
 Win (with  Gong Strong  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 101 
 Lose (with  Gong Strong )
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler 
 107 - 108 
 Lose (with  Gong Strong )
 
 
 Duel Academy  Duelists 
 113 
 No result (with  Gong Strong )
 
 
 Duel Academy  Duelists 
 118 
 No result (with  Crow Hogan ,  Gong Strong ,  Moon Shadow  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Emma  and  Jacob ,  Battle Beast 
 119 - 120 
 Win ( Emma  and  Jacob ), No result ( Battle Beast ) (with  Crow Hogan )
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 139 
 Lose (with  Crow Hogan )
 
 
 Gong Strong ,  Moon Shadow , and  Yuya Sakaki 
 141 - 142 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 All of Sylvio's major wins onscreen have been in Duels where he teamed up with other people. 
 Sylvio has changed Decks more frequently than most characters in the franchise; only  Chazz Princeton  has changed Decks more than him. This behavior is typical of real-life people who play Duel Monsters. 
 With the exception of  Yuri , Sylvio has personally dueled against each of  Z-ARC 's incarnations, in addition to Z-ARC himself, at least once. 
 References 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Images" . gulli.fr .  http://www.gulli.fr/Chaine-TV/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-ARC-V/Images/Sylvio-Sawatari . Retrieved April 29, 2015 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 7: " Mr. Mystery " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 55: " Tops Speed " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 61: " Hero's Fall " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 71: " Duel Consequences " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 72: " Turbotainers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 100: " A Warlike Welcome " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 101: " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 114: " All Duel Hands on Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card is stolen from  Yuya Sakaki  in  episode 3 , but it is later taken back by Yuya in  episode 4 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episodes 3  and  4 . 
 
 ↑   This card is sent from his hand to the  Graveyard  via the  effect  of " Yosenju Oyam " in  episode 31 . 
 
 
 v e 
Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Sylvio_Sawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190117145130', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/FullSilvioSawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20150503100800', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Silvio_stealing_Yuya%27s_Pendulum_Monsters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005141643', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/Arc_V_Silvio_and_Declan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142337', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/Arc_V_Silvio_choking_on_his_food.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142149', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Arc_V_Silvio%27s_jacket_pierced.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142542', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Arc_V_Silvio_dressed_in_Mabuta_no_Haha.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142718', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Arc_V_Silvio_and_Yosenju%27s_brothers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142812', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Yuya_and_Sawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143006', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Silvio_electrocuted.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Arc_V_Silvio_using_his_new_Pendulum_Cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Arc_V_Silvio_arrested.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143857', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Arc_V_Silvio%2C_Selena_and_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005144030', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Arc_V_Silvio_and_the_cook.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005144257', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Everyone_taken_away.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005145155', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/SilvioVsYugo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005145845', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/YGO-ARC-V-Ep-72-Img-0005.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151016042958', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/SilvioSeesYugoasYuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005150159', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/YGO-ARC-V-Ep-73-Img-0012.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005150255', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Sawatari_and_Shun_91.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160126182909', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/SylvioStopsSora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160325144403', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/GongSylvioBlockCommons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/LancersLookOverHeartland.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160418131810', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/SylvioYuyaPose.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160506221138', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/AllenWithLancers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160531112937', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Gong_and_Sylvio_Find_Allen_and_Saya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928033703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Kaito_and_Lancers_112-1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160705154935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Jack_Helps_Gong_Up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927120501', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Crow_and_Sawatari_Join_The_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170115112238', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/Crow_and_Sylvio_in_a_roof-0.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170123074236', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Shingo_%28Manga%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20151121171610', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Sawatari_%28DY%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20150401164939', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Sylvio-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/165?cb=20150622135601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Sylvio Sawatari pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters