Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Trivia:Blue-Eyes_White_Dragon


 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Anime Bandai Bandai Bandai Sealdass Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 This monster is the  cover card  for the first  TCG  expansion:  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  and many other sets. 
 This is the first card to be released in both the OCG and  Rush Duel  format. 
 This monster is  Seto 's  signature card . It shares its 3000  ATK  with the rivals of other series, which are  Chazz 's " Armed Dragon LV10 ",  Jack 's " Red Dragon Archfiend ",  Kite 's " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ",  Declan 's " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon " and  Varis ' " Borreload Dragon ".
 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" began the tradition of the main protagonists of each  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series facing against a monster of 3000 ATK in their very first duel of the series and winning the duel by defeating said monsters. 
 After " Token ", this card has the most  alternate artworks  in the  OCG / TCG  with eight in total, beating out the next contender, " Dark Magician ", by one. This excludes " Dark Magician Girl ", who has multiple different Japanese and international artworks. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! (1999 flim) , it is said that this card is a symbol of power, and " Red-Eyes " is a symbol of potential. Also, "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" symbolizes pride and destruction, while "Red-Eyes" symbolizes violence and anger. 
 With the release of  Starter Deck Kaiba Reloaded , this card is the only card that has been printed in all rarities in the  TCG  (except  Starfoil Rare ,  Shatterfoil Rare  and  Mosaic Rare ). 
 This card has several  counterparts .
 A  retrained  counterpart: " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon " 
 An advanced counterpart: " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon " 
 Two  Synchro  counterparts: " Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon " and " Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon " 
 Two  Ritual /" Chaos " counterparts: " Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon " and " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon " 
 A  DARK  counterpart: " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " 
 A " Malefic " counterpart: " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon " 
 A " Toon " counterpart: " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " 
 A  Match winner / Xyz  counterpart: " Legendary Dragon of White " 
 This card has the highest ATK of all  Normal Monsters .
 Fittingly, it is the  Fusion Material  for the non-Effect Monster with the highest ATK;  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon . 
 This monster appears in the artworks of " Burst Stream of Destruction ", " Dimension Explosion ", " Dragon's Fighting Spirit ", " Majesty with Eyes of Blue ", " Meteor Stream ", " Rage with Eyes of Blue ", " Successor Soul ", " Destined Rivals ", and " Mystical Elf - White Lightning ". 
 This card's original OCG artwork is taken directly from the manga card artwork, which made its first appearance in  Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 This card's third and fourth  OCG / TCG  artworks are taken from  this monster's depiction  on the title page of  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 41: " Duel Disk Battle! " . 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom , the three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" are named Azrael, Ibris (a mistranslation of  Iblis ), and Djibril. 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  and  anime  series, there's a mysterious woman named  Kisara  that carries the spirit of the Blue-Eyes White Dragon. " Maiden with Eyes of Blue " is based on her. 
 The  Weekly Shonen Jump March 2014 membership promotional  version of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is the first card to be printed with an italicized Matrix typeface used for its  card text . On every card before it, the Matrix font is only used in regular type (not bold, not italic). 
 Ironically, while this card has been printed in several sets in the  TCG / OCG , making it one of the most common cards of all time, this card is one of the rarest officially-printed cards of all time in the anime/manga with only 4 copies having been printed ever. 
 The  Jump Ryū Vol.08 promotional card  print of this card features Seto Kaiba in its artwork. 
 In the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links , when this card is summoned by  Kaiba  the summon animation is altered during  April Fools' Day  2017. In this animation "Blue-Eyes" wears a KaibaConstruction construction helmet - similair to the sketch shown during game maintenance periods when attempting to log in, and a sign in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  movie. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Trivia