Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Rafael%27s_second_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael's second Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael's Second Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Rafael 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 174 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 175 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 176 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Rematch 
 2   Rafael's Dark Side 
 3   Eatos's Fall and Rise of Dreadscythe 
 4   Yami Yugi's Resolve 
 5   Rafael's Graveyard 
 6   Breaking free 
 7   Featured Duel: Rafael VS. Yami Yugi 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Rematch 
 Yami Yugi  enters the  Doma  building. The lobby is empty and one elevator is descending there: when it opens,  Mai's  soulless body collapses on him. He notices a ghostly feather and a fog. He wonders if it's a feather from " Harpie Lady " but he seems to realize it isn't the case. He then enters the elevator and ascends to the roof to meet his opponent.
 As Yami Yugi suspected, the feather belonged to " Guardian Eatos ". Yami Yugi accuses  Rafael  of having defeated both Mai and Joey, given how he hands Yami Yugi " The Claw of Hermos ". Rafael corrects him: Joey lost to Mai. Mai then came here and confronted him demanding to know  Dartz 's whereabouts. Rafael challenged her and used " The Seal of Orichalcos " against her. Even though she'd been wielding "Hermos", she apparently wasn't able to use it. Rafael is not moved by the losses of his two companions and he doesn't seem to be moved by anything as well as affirming that everything is a part of Fate. As they talk, a strange ghostly serpent-like shape flies across the world's skies, obscuring the stars: it is being noticed by people around the world.
 Rafael tells Yami Yugi that he will fight him for the sake of the "new age" and it being a part of Fate. Yami Yugi shots back that he also wants to Duel Rafael but that's not "Fate", it's because Rafael is a true Duelist. Rafael keeps on insisting everything was arranged by Fate: this time, Yami Yugi's soul shall be seized to revive the Orichalcos god. As if to prove his point, he brings out a "The Seal of Orichalcos" card and shows it to Yami Yugi. Rafael then puts it on his own Deck and he and Yami Yugi shuffle each others' Decks. Yami Yugi claims to Rafael that he won't fall for the same trick twice.
 Rafael employs the same strategies in the Duel as he did in his previous Duel with Yami Yugi.
 Yami Yugi tells Rafael that he's sure that he won't use "The Seal" because he wants to protect his monsters. Rafael admits that though Yami  Yugi's right about him wanting to protect his monsters, when you accept the "Dark" of your heart, then "Light" shines in the "Dark" and the answer (to Fate) comes out. Since Yami Yugi can't use it properly, Rafael will show him the true power of the "Seal". He plays the "Seal" just as Kaiba and company reach the scene.
 
 Rafael's Dark Side 
 Rafael  has just activated " The Seal of Orichalcos ", turning his monsters into 'Dark' monsters.  Yami Yugi  is shocked; he can't believe Rafael can simply accept seeing his beloved monsters turning into this. 
 Kaiba knows that there's more to the power of the "Seal", and wonders if Yugi is able to win back the lost title of "King of Games". 
 Eatos's Fall and Rise of Dreadscythe 
 Yami Yugi manages to defeat Eatos by combining " The Eye of Timaeus " and his " Dark Magician ". Rafael screams in anguish as his monster is destroyed. Rafael, in horror, sees " Guardian Eatos " smiling at him as it flies into the heavens. (In the dub, Rafael cries out afterwards that nobody sends his "Guardian Eatos" to the  Graveyard .) Rafael suddenly lowers his gaze, and the whole Seal begins to "pulsate", evidenced by the sound made and the rippling effect of the invisible dome the "Seal" creates. Even Rafael's crest flashes red from time to time. Rafael claims that his "Eatos" is just sleeping in the Graveyard, but she will come back in a new form as she is immortal (in the dub, Rafael claims that when a monster of light and purity like his "Eatos" is destroyed, it is replaced by a different creature: a creature of darkness). 
 A crevice opens on the ground and a horrific vision comes out: " Guardian Dreadscythe ". It itself is the personification of Rafael's dark side. Rafael then activates " Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe ", which grants "Guardian Dreadscythe" 500 ATK for each monster in Rafael's Graveyard. This greatly surprises Yami Yugi as Rafael despises having monsters in his Graveyard, but Rafael declares that his hatred towards Yami Yugi is stronger than that and it won't matter if it means defeating him. Shortly after it becomes Rafael's turn, He uses the third effect of "Dreadscythe" to ruthlessly sacrifice his other monsters in order to increase the ATK of "Dreadscythe" and destroy " Amulet Dragon ". 
 Yami Yugi's Resolve 
 Remembering Yugi's words, Yami Yugi plays a  Continuous Spell Card  to allow Rafael to "see the Monsters which you've sent to the Graveyard". A purple fog forms similar to the  Shadow Realm  as the Enochian symbols on the rim of the "Seal" spin, and it covers the whole dome from the outside. 
 Rafael's Graveyard 
 When  Yami Yugi   activates  " Underworld Circle ", a thick layer of purplish fog surrounds the dome of " The Seal of Orichalcos " from the outside  and transports  Rafael  and Yami Yugi to a vision of Rafael's past. 
 This Graveyard is the location where Rafael's family is buried (in the dub, Rafael explains to Yami Yugi he recognizes the graveyard, but does not say any other importance about it). The tombstones read the names of ' Julian ' and ' Sonia ', Rafael's little brother and sister lost during a storm during his childhood (in the dub, the names on the gravestones are replaced with the "Orichalcos" symbol). When Rafael meets  Dartz , the latter tells him to dig the ground with his hands and unearth the remains of his family. Eatos appears and takes the skulls from Rafael. While Rafael's back is turned, throws a  Chaos Duel Disk  into the hole, for Rafael to pick up (in the dub, Rafael just finds the Chaos Duel Disk in the ground. Also, Eatos only appears to try to prevent Rafael from using the Duel Disk). 
 Rafael uses the "Seal" for the first time and "Eatos" is turned into the horrific " Guardian Dreadscythe ". Dartz tells him that this monster has been born out of Rafael's dark heart. 
 Breaking free 
 The  Duel  keeps on and Yami Yugi uses a combination of " The Claw of Hermos " and " Guardian Eatos " to get rid of the 'immortality' which "Dreadscythe" claims to have. 
 Guided by "Eatos", Rafael removes all of his monsters out of his  Graveyard  through both " Underworld Circle " and " Soul Charge ". However by using "Soul Charge", he takes 1500 damage (500 for each monster he resurrected), thereby conceding defeat. However, since he is shown a vision of being reunited with both his  monsters  and his family, the 'Darkness' in his heart temporarily vanishes, making the "Orichalcos" fragment shatter and the "Seal" dissolve without claiming Rafael's soul. Since Yami Yugi won the  Duel , he regains his "King of Games" title.  Kaiba  believes that the title now has meaning to him again and that Yami Yugi is a great Duelist. 
 However, just as dawn begins to emerge, the whole Paradius Inc. building begins to shake. Something's happening. 
 Featured Duel: Rafael VS. Yami Yugi 
 Turn 1: Rafael 
Rafael draws. He then  activates  " Guardian Treasure ", discarding his entire  Hand  and  drawing  2 cards. While "Guardian Treasure" is face-up, Rafael may draw 1 extra card from his  Deck  during each of his  Draw Phases . Rafael then  Normal Summons  " Backup Gardna " (500/2200) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Big Shield Gardna " (" King's Knight " in the dub, see Notes below for more info). He then  Normal Summons  " Queen's Knight " (1500/1600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 3: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card (One of the cards he drew was " Gravity Axe - Grarl "). Rafael then activates "Gravity Axe -Grarl", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing the  ATK  of "Backup Gardna" by 500 ("Backup Gardna": 500 → 1000/2200). 
 Since "Gravity Axe - Grarl" is on the  field  and " Guardian Grarl " is the only Card in Rafael's hand, Rafael  Special Summons  "Guardian Grarl" (2500/1000) from his hand in  Attack Position . Rafael then activates the effect of "Backup Gardna" to unequip its "Gravity Axe - Grarl" and equip it to "Guardian Grarl" instead ("Backup Gardna": 1000 → 500/2200) ("Guardian Grarl": 2500 → 3000/1000). "Guardian Grarl"  Attacks  and  Destroys  "Queen's Knight".
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Monster Reborn " and subsequently activates it to  Special Summon  "Queen's Knight" (1500/1600) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then  Normal Summons  " King's Knight " (1600/1400) in  Attack Position . Since  Yami Yugi  summoned "King's Knight" while he controlled "Queen's Knight", Yami Yugi activates the effect of "King's Knight" to Special Summon " Jack's Knight " (1900/1000) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. 
 Yami Yugi then activates " Brave Attack " to add together the ATK of his three "Knights" during one battle this turn (1500 + 1600 + 1900 = 5000 ATK), intending to attack and destroy "Guardian Grarl" at the cost of his three "Knights" being destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase, however  Rafael  activates his face-down " Guardian Force " to  negate  the effect of "Brave Attack" and destroy it.
 Turn 5: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card (One of the cards he drew was "Butterfly Dagger - Elma"). Rafael then activates " Butterfly Dagger - Elma ", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing the ATK of "Backup Gardna" by 300 ("Backup Gardna": 500 → 800/2200). Rafael then Normal Summons " Guardian Elma " (1300/1200) in  Attack Position . Rafael then activates the effect of "Guardian Elma" to target " Guardian Shield " from his  Graveyard  and equip it to "Guardian Elma", increasing its  DEF  by 300 (" Guardian Elma ": 1300/1200 → 1500). 
 Rafael then activates the effect of "Backup Gardna" to unequip its "Butterfly Dagger - Elma" and equip it to "Guardian Elma" instead ("Backup Gardna": 800 → 500/2200) (" Guardian Elma ": 1300 → 1600/1500). "Guardian Elma" then attacks and destroys "Queen's Knight" ( Yami Yugi  4000 → 3900). "Guardian Grarl" then attacks & destroys "King's Knight" ( Yami Yugi  3900 → 2500).
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then activates " Five Star Twilight " to Tribute "Jack's Knight" and  Special Summon  the five  Kuriboh Brothers , " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh ", and " Kuriboo " (300/200 each) from his Deck in Attack Position. Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Kuriboo" to discard " Chain Destruction " from his hand and reduce the  ATK  of "Guardian Grarl" by 1500 ("Guardian Grarl": 3000 → 1500/1000). 
 
       " Guardian Shield " defends from attack made by " Kuribabylon ".     
 Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Kuribah" to remove "Kuriboh", "Kuribee", "Kuribeh", "Kuriboo" and itself from play and  Special Summon  " Kuribabylon " (?/200) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Kuribabylon", its ATK is equal to the combined ATK of the "Kuriboh" brothers when they were removed from play ("Kuribabylon": ? → 1500/200). Yami Yugi then activates " Mystical Space Typhoon " to destroy "Gravity Axe - Grarl" ("Guardian Grarl": 1500 → 1000/1000). 
 "Kuribabylon" attacks "Guardian Grarl", but  Rafael  destroys "Guardian Shield" ("Guardian Elma": 1600/1500 → 1200) via its own effect in order to prevent "Guardian Grarl" from being destroyed ( Rafael  4000 → 3500). Yami Yugi then  Sets  a Card. On Yami Yugi's End Phase, the effect of " Kuriboo " expires ("Guardian Grarl": 1000 → 2500/1000).
 Turn 7: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card (One of the cards he drew was " The Seal of Orichalcos "). Despite  Yami Yugi 's objections,  Rafael   activates  "The Seal of Orichalcos".
From now on, all of Rafael's monsters will receive a 500  ATK  boost and the loser of this  Duel  will lose his/her soul (" Guardian Grarl ": 2500 → 3000/1000; " Guardian Elma ": 1600 → 2100/1200; " Backup Gardna ": 500 → 1000/2200). "Guardian Grarl" attacks & destroys " Kuribabylon " ( Yami Yugi  2500 → 1000). Yami Yugi then activates his face-down " Rope of Life " to discard his entire Hand and  Special Summon  "Kuribabylon" from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position  with 800 more  ATK  ("Kuribabylon": 1500 → 2300/200).  [Notes 1]  Rafael then Sets a Card.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Dark Magic Curtain". He then activates the effect of "Kuribabylon" to remove it from play and  Special Summon  the five Kuriboh brothers: " Kuriboh ", " Kuribah ", " Kuribee ", " Kuribeh " and " Kuriboo " (300/200 for all) from the Removed from Play Zone in Attack Position. Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Kuribeh" to remove "Kuriboh", "Kuribah", "Kuribee", "Kuriboo" and itself from play and  Special Summon  " Kuribandit " (1000/700) in  Attack Position . He then activates " Dark Magic Curtain " to pay half his  Life Points  ( Yami Yugi  1000 → 500) and  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position . [Notes 2] 
 "Dark Magician" attacks Rafael's "Guardian Elma", but Rafael activates his face-down " Guardian Formation " to negate the attack of "Dark Magician" and move "Guardian Elma" to the back row of his  Field  (due to "The Seal of Orichalcos", Rafael can use his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as an added  Monster Card Zone ). This means "Guardian Elma" can't be attacked until Rafael's front-row  monsters  are destroyed first. Due to the secondary effect of "Guardian Formation", Rafael activates " Celestial Sword - Eatos " from his  Deck , equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing its  ATK  by 300 ("Backup Gardna": 1000 → 1300/2200).
 Turn 9: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card (one of the two cards he drew was "Guardian Eatos"). Since "Celestial Sword - Eatos" is on the  field  and there are no  monsters  inside his  Graveyard , Rafael  Special Summons  " Guardian Eatos " (2500 → 3000/2000) in  Attack Position . 
 Rafael then activates the effect of "Backup Gardna" to unequip "Celestial Sword - Eatos" from "Backup Gardna" and equip it to "Guardian Eatos" instead ("Backup Gardna": 1300 → 1000/2200) ("Guardian Eatos": 3000 → 3300/2000). Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Kuribandit" to  Tribute  itself and  draw  five Cards, but he must discard any  monsters  he Draws; Yami Yugi discards three monsters. The only cards in Yami Yugi's hand are " Magical Hats " and "Magical Pigeon". 
 Rafael activates the second effect of "Guardian Eatos" to  send  "Celestial Sword Eatos" to the  Graveyard  ("Guardian Eatos": 3300 → 3000/2000) and  remove from play  three monsters in Yami's  Graveyard  (" Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts ", " Gamma The Magnet Warrior " and "Kuribandit") to add the total  ATK  of these Monsters to " Guardian Eatos " until the end of the Battle Phase ("Guardian Eatos": 3000 → 7000/2000). 
 "Guardian Eatos" attacks "Dark Magician", but Yami Yugi activates the effect of " Electromagnetic Turtle " from his  Graveyard  (he discarded "Electromagnetic Turtle" earlier due to the effect of "Kuribandit") to end Rafael's  Battle Phase  immediately. At the end of the Battle Phase, the  ATK  boost give to "Guardian Eatos" expires ("Guardian Eatos": 7000 → 3000/2000).
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Big Shield Gardna " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (100/2600) in  Defense Position . He then switches "Dark Magician" to  Defense Position  and sets a Card.
 Turn 11: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. "Guardian Eatos" attacks Yami Yugi's "Dark Magician", but Yami Yugi activates his face-down "Magical Hats" to create four hats, hide his two monsters in two Hats, and shuffle the hats. "Guardian Eatos" attacks and destroys a Hat. It is revealed to contain "Big Shield Gardna". "Guardian Elma" attacks and destroys a Hat, but it is empty. "Guardian Grarl" attacks and destroys a Hat, but that hat was empty too; "Dark Magician" is safe. 
 Rafael then activates " Rod of Silence - Kay'est ", equipping it to "Backup Gardna" and increasing the  DEF  of "Backup Gardna" by 500 ("Backup Gardna": 1000/2200 → 2700). Rafael Normal Summons " Guardian Kay'est " (1000 → 1500/1800) in  Attack Position .  [Notes 3] 
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Graceful Charity " and subsequently activates it to  draw  three cards (one of which is "The Eye of Timaeus") and then discard two. Yami Yugi then activates " The Eye of Timaeus " to fuse the latter with "Dark Magician" and Special Summon " Amulet Dragon " (2900/2500) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Amulet Dragon", Yami Yugi removes from play every Magic Card that is currently in his Graveyard to increase the ATK of "Amulet Dragon" by 300 for each card removed this way. Yami Yugi removes from play eight Magic Cards ("Amulet Dragon": 2900 → 5300/2500). "Amulet Dragon" attacks and destroys Rafael's "Guardian Eatos" ( Rafael  3500 → 1200). 
 Since "Guardian Eatos" was destroyed, Rafael  Special Summons  " Guardian Dreadscythe " (2500 → 3000/0) from his  Deck  in  Defense Position . Since "Guardian Dreadscythe" was Summoned, Rafael activates its effect to equip itself with " Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe " from his Deck. Due to the effect of "Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe", "Guardian Dreadscythe" gains 500 ATK for each  monster  in Rafael's  Graveyard . There is currently one ("Guardian Dreadscythe": 3000 → 3500/0).
 Turn 13: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then switches "Guardian Dreadscythe" to  Attack Position . He then activates the third effect of "Guardian Dreadscythe" to destroy all other monsters he controls ("Guardian Dreadscythe": 3500 → 5500/0). "Guardian Dreadscythe" attacks and destroys "Amulet Dragon" ( Yami Yugi  500 → 300).
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Card of Sanctity " and subsequently activates it to make him and Rafael  draw until  both have six cards in their  hands . (Yami Yugi and Rafael both draw five cards each, one of which drawn by Yami Yugi being "Watapon".) Since Yami Yugi drew " Watapon " via a card effect, he  Special Summons  it from his hand (200/300) in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then  Tributes  "Watapon" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000 → 2300/1700) in  Defense Position . He then Sets a Card.
 Turn 15: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card (the two cards Rafael just drew were " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing " and " Spirit Hunting "). Aside from the two above-mentioned cards that were drawn, Rafael's hand contains " Purity of the Cemetery ", " My Body as a Shield ", " Kishido Spirit ", "Obedience", " Spell of Pain ", and " Dimension Distortion ". 
 Rafael then activates " Obedience ". Now when "Guardian Dreadscythe" attacks a  Defense Position   monster  this  turn , Rafael can change the  attack target  to  Attack Position . "Guardian Dreadscythe" attacks "Dark Magician Girl". Due to the effect of "Obedience", "Dark Magician Girl" is switched to  Attack Position , but Yami Yugi activates his face-down " Magical Pigeon " to return "Dark Magician Girl" to his hand and  Special Summon  two " Pigeon Tokens " (0/0 for both) in  Defense Position . "Guardian Dreadscythe" attacks and destroys one "Pigeon Token". Rafael then Sets two cards. On Rafael's  End Phase , the last effect of "Magical Pigeon" activates, destroying all remaining "Pigeon Tokens" and Special Summoning "Dark Magician Girl" (2000 → 2300/1700) from Yami Yugi's  hand  in  Attack Position .
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Underworld Circle " and subsequently activates it to destroy all monsters on the field. A purplish fog surrounds the  Duel Arena  transporting  Rafael  and Yami Yugi to a Graveyard, a vision of Rafael's past. Due to the effect of "Underworld Circle", both players remove all  monsters  in their  hand  and  Deck  from play. For the remainder of the  Duel , both Players can only  Special Summon  a monster from their respective  Graveyards  during each Player's  Main Phase 1 . Also if a monster is destroyed, it is  removed from play  instead of being sent to the Graveyard. 
 The last effect of " Guardian Dreadscythe " activates, which 'obligates' Rafael to discard a card and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed (by "Underworld Circle"). The second effect of "Dreadscythe" prohibits Rafael from  Normal  or  Special Summoning   monsters ; therefore, he 'must' also forego using the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  any other monsters. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 17: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Jack's Knight " from his Graveyard (1900/1000) in  Attack Position . "Guardian Dreadscythe"  attacks  "Dark Magician", but Yami Yugi  activates  his face-down " Zero Gravity " to switch the  Battle Positions  of all  face-up   monsters ; all  face-up  monsters switch to  Defense Position .  Rafael  activates his  face-down  " Spirit Hunting " to switch "Guardian Dreadscythe" to  Attack Position  and destroy all  Defense Position  monsters Yami Yugi controls. 
 Turn 18: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. Yami Yugi then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  "Dark Magician Girl" (2000/1700) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . He then activates " Altar of Restoration " to  remove  the top two Cards of his  Deck  from play and add " The Eye of Timaeus " from his  Graveyard  to his  hand . Yami Yugi then activates "The Eye of Timaeus" to fuse the latter with "Dark Magician Girl" and Special Summon " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " (2600/1700) in  Attack Position . 
 "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" then attacks "Guardian Dreadscythe". Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" to discard a card from his hand and destroy "Guardian Dreadscythe" at the start of the Damage Step without applying  damage calculation . The last effect of "Guardian Dreadscythe" then activates, which 'obligates'  Rafael  to discard a card from his  hand  and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed. Yami Yugi then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 19: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Queen's Knight " (1500/1600) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position .  Rafael  discards " Monster Reborn " in order to activate " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing ", equipping it to "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" and  negating  its effects. "Guardian Dreadscythe"  attacks  and  destroys  "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight", but Yami Yugi  activates  his  face-down  " Reduction Barrier " to reduce the  damage  he would take by 1/10 ( Yami Yugi  300 → 10).
 Turn 20: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. Yami Yugi then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) from his  Graveyard  in  Defense Position . He then activates " Pot of Greed " to  draw  two Cards ("Spider Web" and " The Claw of Hermos "). Yami Yugi then  activates  " Spider Web " to add the "Monster Reborn" in Rafael's  Graveyard  to his  hand .
 Yami Yugi then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive " Guardian Eatos " (2500/2000) in  Attack Position  under his control which decreases Guardian Dreadscyte's ATK by 500 because Eatos is removed from Rafael's graveyard ("Guardian Dreadscythe": 5500 → 5000/0). Yami Yugi then  activates  "The Claw of Hermos" to fuse the latter with "Queen's Knight" and form " Goddess Bow ". Yami Yugi then equips "Goddess Bow" onto "Guardian Eatos", doubling its  ATK  ("Guardian Eatos": 2500 → 5000/2000). 
 "Guardian Eatos"  attacks  "Guardian Dreadscythe". The last effect of "Guardian Dreadscythe" then activates, which 'obligates' Rafael to discard a card and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed. Since "Guardian Eatos" battled a monster that had the same  ATK  as it and it wasn't destroyed due to its effect, Yami activates the second effect of "Goddess Bow" to prevent "Eatos" from being destroyed and allow "Eatos" to attack once again this turn. This chain is repeated six times, depleting Rafael's hand until he has no more cards in his hand. After Rafael runs out of cards in his hand, "Dreadscythe" and "Eatos" are destroyed in a  Double KO .
 Turn 21: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Guardian Grarl " from his Graveyard (2500 → 3000/1000) in  Attack Position . He then activates " Soul Charge " to  Special Summon  " Guardian Elma " (1300 → 1800/1200), " Guardian Kay'est " (1000 → 1500/1800) and " Backup Gardna " (500 → 1000/2200) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position  at the cost of not being allowed to use the Summoned monsters for attacking this turn. By using "Soul Charge", Rafael was able to empty his  Graveyard  of monsters and resurrect his trusted  Guardians . However, Rafael takes 500 damage for each monster that he Special Summoned this way ( Rafael  1200 → 0).
 Yami Yugi Wins
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  OCG / TCG , you cannot activate " Rope of Life " if you do not have any cards in your hand. 
 
 ↑   In the  OCG / TCG , " Dark Magic Curtain " cannot be activated during the turn you summon another monster. 
 
 ↑   In the  OCG / TCG , " Guardian Kay'est " cannot be affected by the effects of  Spell Cards . 
 
 
 v e 
 Doma Members 
 Alister 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Mai Valentine 
 Raphael 
 Rex Raptor 
 Valon 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Events 
 Duels 
 Mai and Pegasus 
 Yami Yugi and Gurimo 
 Kaiba and Alister (first) 
 Joey and Mai (first) 
 Yami and Rafael (first) 
 Joey and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Weevil 
 Yugi and Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi and the Orichalcos Soldier 
 Rebecca, Duke and Valon 
 Kaiba and Alister (second) 
 Joey and Valon 
 Joey and Mai (second) 
 Yami Yugi and Rafael (second) 
 Yami Yugi, Kaiba and Dartz 
 Other 
 Battle of Atlantis 
 Gas station incident 
 Pegasus' Doma warning 
 Attack on Arthur's house 
 Yami Yugi and Kaiba's KaibaCorp infiltration 
 The Great Leviathan's revival 
 
 Other 
 Orichalcos 
 Paradius 
 " The Seal of Orichalcos " 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/Yugioh175.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121226171743', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/GuardianShield-JP-Anime-DM174.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140913150201']
Categories: Waking the Dragons Duels