Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:TheGreatLeviathan.jpg


 
 The Great Leviathan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English   (anime) 
 The Great Leviathan 
 
 
 Japanese   
 巨大竜リヴァイアサン 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 147: " Legend of the Dragons " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 
 The Great Leviathan  (known as the  Orichalcos God  in the Japanese Version and dubbed the  Grand Dragon Leviathan  in English advertisement media) was the main antagonist of the story arc  Waking the Dragons  (though it did not appear in a true physical form until the final episodes of that arc). It was created by the  Orichalcos  from the rage of humans, and was believed to be the most powerful creature that ever existed.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 3   Trivia 
 4   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The Great Leviathan's size varies; during the Battle of Atlantis, the Great Leviathan appeared to be smaller than it was when it was revived 10,000 years later. After its revival, the Leviathan was large enough to wrap around the island of Atlantis twice, and it dwarfed the Egyptian Gods; its head was around the size of the average God monster. If so, it could have been due to not having as many souls to empower it the first time, as  Dartz  stated that he had collected millions of souls by the time of the Leviathan's resuscitation and could not have been able to claim as many from the Atlantean populace alone. It could also potentially be due to the Leviathan being weakened from the prolonged hostilities (it was noted that there was more than one battle during the Atlantis conflict). As  Critias  and  Hermos  were not present during the flashback, it was assumed that they were defeated and sealed prior to the final battle.
 The Great Leviathan is a purple serpent with a pink belly. It has ruffles of teal fur over its body, including its forked tail and as its membranes. Its massive head has long jaws with an underbite and simple teeth; two small, pink mandibles protrude midway along the bottom jaw. The head and bottom of the lower jaw are coated with a grey carapace; the crest has six spikes, five pointing back and one pointing forwards. The Leviathan has small yellow eyes; Dartz exhibited these when he was merged with it. 
 
 Abilities 
 The Great Leviathan was an extremely ancient and powerful entity, and was the one responsible for the creation of the Orichalcos Stones, which in turn, granted wielders immense knowledge and greed. Hence, it was responsible for the Atlanteans to degenerate, corrupting their personalities, which could be reflected as when the citizens turned into hideous monsters. It was also capable of removing souls from both humans and Duel Spirits on a global scale, absorbing them physically in order to absorb their souls and used tentacles from its substance.
 Much like Zorc, the Leviathan was said to have been born through the hatred and rage of humanity, and it was even considered to  not  be a Duel Spirit, such as the Egyptian Gods (In the Japanese Version, it was later sent to the Duel Monsters Spirit World). It was capable of usurping control of the Egyptian God Cards as well draining their power, similar to when Zorc created a solar eclipse. The Leviathan's powers stemmed from the darkness of human souls and captured souls themselves.
 Via that source, the Great Leviathan was shown to have immense offensive and defensive powers during the final battle. Its mere presence was capable of creating a storm of global proportions. The Great Leviathan had singlehandedly and simultaneously defeated up to twelve powerful Duel Monsters who fought together, including  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  and all three Legendary Knights, while it remained unharmed from all of their attacks. It was capable of blasting numerous shards that could defeat extremely powerful Duel Monsters in a single hit.
 The Great Leviathan's body could be subdued or destroyed, but its spirit could not be defeated conventionally. Multiple powerful duel monster spirits such as  Dark Magician ,  Red-Eyes Black Dragon , and  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon , as well as the extremely powerful Legendary Knights, tried to subdue the Leviathan, but could not overpower it and the Leviathan easily overpowered them. It wasn’t until Yami Yugi summoned the Egyptian Gods using the light of the souls captured by the Great Leviathan that he was able to destroy it. At first the Great Leviathan seemed to equal the power of the three Egyptian Gods, being fueled by the millions of souls inside it, however Yami Yugi was able to use the light of those same souls into the Egyptian Gods, which once on the same playing field, allowed the Egyptian Gods to easily overpower the Great Leviathan, proving the Gods superiority. It was finally destroyed when Yami Yugi vanquished the last of his negative emotions through his good memories and friendships.
 
 Biography 
 Dartz , the king of  Atlantis , was brainwashed and manipulated by the  Orichalcos Stone  and told to resurrect their god, the Great Leviathan, by using human souls. It was defeated by the three  Legendary Dragons , though Atlantis was sunk in the process. Like  Zorc Necrophades , the Great Leviathan was pure evil and wanted nothing more than the extermination of all life on Earth. In order to resurrect the Leviathan, Dartz needed the souls of the three  Duelists  who wielded the Legendary Dragons cards:  Yami Yugi ,  Seto Kaiba , and  Joey Wheeler . 
 
       The Great Leviathan revived.     
 As more souls were collected, the Leviathan became more and more active, especially as the souls of the Chosen Duelists were collected. After the capture of Joey's soul, a manifestation of the Leviathan began to appear in the sky across the world, and by the time that Kaiba's soul was captured, it was conscious enough to roar from within its astral prison. 
 Ultimately, Dartz gave up his own soul in order to resurrect the Leviathan after he was unable to acquire Yami Yugi's soul and lost the souls of Kaiba and Joey (Dartz said that his soul was one of "equal" value). Although it overwhelmed the Legendary Knights and an army of monster spirits, Yami managed to draw in the light in the souls that the Leviathan absorbed, and he used that light, released, and called out the three  Egyptian Gods . In a battle in the skies over the ocean, Yami Yugi and the Egyptian Gods faced off against the Leviathan. While the Leviathan seemed to rival the power of the Egyptian Gods due to being powered by the millions of souls it had captured, Yami Yugi was able to draw on that same source to power the Egyptian Gods through the light of the captured souls. Now on the same plying field, the Leviathan lost its edge and was easily overpowered by the Egyptian Gods. In doing so they were able to neutralize the Leviathan, for their power was greater than the Leviathans, as was the light on which they drew over the darkness that coursed through the Leviathan. 
 
       The Great Leviathan battling the Egyptian Gods.     
 Later, Yami Yugi was able to release Dartz from the Leviathan's malignant influence: He did that by using his own light that was represented by the vessel of a memory container to destroy all of the hatred and resentment from the world that powered the Leviathan and vanquished it for good. In the Japanese Version,  Dark Magician Girl  mentioned that the Leviathan was sent by her to live in the  Duel Monsters Spirit World , when the curse of the Orichalcos was extinguished. Atlantis then returned to the bottom of the sea.
 
 Trivia 
 The Leviathan is featured in the Old Testament of the Bible as the primordial creature of the seas. It's body is large enough to wrap around the entire world, and legend says that if the beast ever reaches its own tail with its head, the world will be destroyed. 
 On the Yugioh.com site, the monster's artwork displayed for that monster was erroneously that of " Cave Dragon ". [1] 
 However, according to the English dub, the Leviathan was unrelated to Duel Monsters. 
 Leviathan's initial appearance as a gigantic eye could be inspired by the  Eye of Sauron  from  Lord of the Rings . 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://www.yugioh.com/cards/grand-dragon-leviathan 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/TheGreatLeviathan.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140518185244', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/DMx182_Leviathan_and_Atlantis.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121016061827', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/TheGreatLeviathan-JP-Anime-DM-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20090606084159']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters