Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_162


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 十代VS明日香　秘めた想いの伏せカード 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jūdai VS Asuka Himeta Omoi no Fuse Kādo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings 
 
 
 Number 
 162 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 21, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Cyber Prima 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " 
 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " 
 
 
 
 
 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " is the one hundred and sixty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 21, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 29, 2016.
 The  Tag Dueling  tournament reaches its final match:  Jaden  and  Alexis  against  Hassleberry  and  Blair . Jaden and Alexis still are not working well together, and Blair activates a card allowing them to switch partners. Alexis struggles with her decision on what to do when after graduating and with her feelings for Jaden, which the latter seems oblivious to.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Tyranno Hassleberry and Blair Flannigan 
 3   Mistakes 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 The final  Duel  of the  Tag Dueling  tournament will be  Jaden  and  Alexis  from the senior block against  Hassleberry  and  Blair  from the junior block. Alexis comments that Jaden isn't enjoying Dueling as he used to. Jaden acts as if he hadn't noticed this, while Blair makes a last second adjustment to her Deck before the Duel begins. Alexis plans to Summon " Cyber Prima " but  misses the timing  to activate " Prima Light " during her opponent's turn. When Jaden's  turn  comes, he  Tributes  " Cyber Tutu " once again not checking Alexis'  Set  card, unraveling her plans further. Jaden realizes that Alexis was right - he doesn't really enjoy Dueling anymore, as his recent Duels have all been life-or-death. Jaden at first seems to make use of her card by using " Tag Request ", however he then Tributes both his monster and Alexis's monster to summon " Elemental Hero Bladedge ". Alexis then questions what he is doing as "Prima Light" is useless now. Jaden then activates " Hero Heart " to halve the ATK of "Bladedge" until the End Phase and allow it to attack twice this turn. He then has "Bladedge" attack the two tokens. Chazz and Syrus note that Jaden is doing a heartless move as he is inflicting Piercing Damage against two Defense Position tokens with 0 DEF.
 After attacking and destroying Hassleberry and Blair's tokens, the latter reminds Jaden that this is an amazing duel. Jaden is touched by those words and notes he has never said his catchphrase for a long time. However his happiness is interrupted by Alexis who is angry at Jaden for his actions. Alexis notes she thought Jaden finally decided to cooperate, but she was foolish to think for even a second that Jaden would do that. Jaden is confused as he notes he used her monster too, but she explains she is talking about how he used it. She is now finally fed up with Jaden's actions since she believes he doesn't care about her feelings. Blair after hearing this realizes this is her chance. Alexis tells him go on without her, as he obviously doesn't need her win, since he took control of all the previous Duels without utilizing Alexis' cards or strategies. Blair activates her  face-down  " Partner Change ", which allows her to switch sides with an opponent if they agree. Blair and Alexis switch partners. Hassleberry is disappointed that the concept of senior students against junior students is ruined, and Alexis angrily tells him they'll beat Jaden and Blair down until they can't get back up. Jaden notes to Blair they'll win the duel which greatly angers Alexis and she notes that Jaden seemed happy to end his partnership with her, but Jaden states it isn't like that. Jaden seems to work much better with Blair, checking and using her face-down cards rather than ignoring them. This angers Alexis greatly as Jaden did not even bother to check her face-downs. Jaden comments it's been a  long time  since he and Alexis last Dueled.
 When Alexis  activates  " Doble Passe ", Jaden comments that she used the same card during their  first Duel , and that it was his first real impression of her. Alexis responds that she thought that he was an interesting guy. Jaden states he's glad he was able to meet her. Satisfied that Jaden now realizes how he's been acting, Alexis activates " Mystical Space Typhoon " to  destroy  Blair's "Partner Change", causing them to switch back. However, they seem to be in a hopeless situation after Hassleberry Summons " Super Conductor Tyranno " and Alexis' turn comes. Jaden tells her to check his Set cards. 
 Using them, Alexis is able to devise a strategy to win the duel and the tournament. At the same time, she comtemplates her decision on staying in Duel Academy as a research student or going to study abroad. She felt that wanting to stay was a desire to take an easy road, but realised that all her friends are moving on from Duel Academy, and that Jaden is continuing to grow. She ultimately decides to take the offer, not wanting to be held back.
 That night, as Jaden was about to return to his dormitory, he sees Alexis waiting for him. She tells Jaden she was glad to have met him, but it's heavily implied she wanted to confess that she had feelings for him. Jaden, oblivious to Alexis' emotions, thanks her for the Duel and smiles at her the way he used to. A tear fell down Alexis' cheek as she watches Jaden go back to the dormitory.
 
       Jaden and Alexis VS Tyranno and Blair     
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki and Alexis Rhodes vs. Tyranno Hassleberry and Blair Flannigan 
 Turn 1: Alexis 
Alexis draws " Cyber Tutu ". Alexis' hand contains " Prima Light ", " Doble Passe ", " Etoile Cyber ", " Cyber Prima ", and " Machine Angel Ritual ". Alexis  Normal Summons  "Cyber Tutu" (1000/800) in  Attack Position  and  Sets  a card ("Prima Light").
 Turn 2: Blair 
Blair draws " Stray Lambs ". Alexis intends for Blair to summon a powerful monster, but Blair activates "Stray Lambs"  Special Summon  two " Lamb Tokens " (0/0 each) in  Defense Position . Alexis is about to activate her face-down "Prima Light", but Blair Sets a card and immediately goes to her End Phase.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Tag Request " and subsequently activates it to target "Cyber Tutu" and Special Summon " Elemental Hero Avian " (1000/1000) in Attack Position (since the ATK of "Avian" is the same as the ATK of "Cyber Tutu". He then  Tributes  "Cyber Tutu" and "Avian" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Elemental Hero Bladedge " (2600/1800) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " Hero Heart " to halve the ATK of "Bladedge" ("Bladedge": 2600 → 1300/1800) and allow it to to attack twice this turn. 
 "Elemental Hero Bladedge" attacks and destroys both "Lamb Tokens". "Bladedge" then inflicts  piercing  damage twice to Hassleberry and Blair (Hassleberry/Blair 4000 → 2700 → 1400). At this point, Alexis becomes extremely angry at Jaden for his recent actions and refuses to continue participating as Jaden's partner. Blair, upon hearing this, activates her face-down " Partner Change ", which will allow her to switch sides with one of her opponents if he or she agrees. She asks Alexis if she would switch sides and the latter agrees to switch, so Blair becomes Jaden's partner and Alexis becomes Hassleberry's partner. On Jaden's End Phase, the effect of "Hero Heart" expires ("Bladedge": 1300 → 2600/1800).
 Turn 4: Hassleberry 
Hassleberry draws " New Ultra Evolution ". Hassleberry's hand contains "Big Evolution Pill", "Survival Instinct", "Destroyersaurus", "Dark Tyranno", and "Archeonys". Hassleberry then Normal Summons " Archeonys " (300/1600) in Attack Position. He then activates "New Ultra Evolution" to Tribute "Archeonys" and Special Summon " Dark Tyranno " (2600/1800) in Attack Position. 
 Hassleberry then discards " Destroyersaurus " in order to add " Jurassic World " from his  Deck  to his  hand . He then activates "Jurassic World". Now while the latter card is face-up on the field, the ATK and DEF of all  Dinosaur - type  monsters will be increased by 300 ("Dark Tyranno": 2600 → 2900/1800). "Dark Tyranno" attacks and destroys "Bladedge" (Jaden/Blair 4000 → 3700). Hassleberry then sets a card.
 Turn 5: Blair 
Blair draws. She then Sets three cards.
 Turn 6: Alexis 
Alexis draws. She then Normal Summons "Etoile Cyber" (1200/1600) in Attack Position. "Etoile Cyber" and "Dark Tyranno" attack directly, but Blair activates her face-down " Scapegoat " to Special Summon four " Sheep Tokens " (0/0 each) in Defense Position. A replay occurs and Alexis uses "Etoile Cyber" to attack and destroy a "Sheep Token". "Dark Tyranno" then attacks directly via its own effect as all monsters Jaden and Blair control are in Defense Position (Jaden/Blair 3700 → 800). Alexis then Sets two cards.
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates Blair's face-down " Jar of Greed " to  draw a card  ("Skill Shock"). Jaden then activates Blair's face-down " Token Thanksgiving " to destroy the three " Sheep Tokens " and gain 2400 Life Points (800 for each Token destroyed this way) (Jaden/Blair 800 → 3200). Jaden then Normal Summons " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " (900/300) in Attack Position.
 "Grand Mole" attacks "Dark Tyranno" (Jaden intends to activate the effect of "Grand Mole" and return both battling monsters to their owner's hands without applying damage calculation), but Alexis activates her face-down "Doble Passe" to make the attack a direct attack (Hassleberry/Alexis 1400 → 500), and allow "Dark Tyranno" to attack directly this turn. "Dark Tyranno" attacks directly (Jaden/Blair 3200 → 300). After seeing Jaden having fun during a Duel like he used to, Alexis activates her face-down " Mystical Space Typhoon " to destroy Blair's "Partner Change". This forces Alexis and Blair to return to their original sides. Jaden then sets three cards.
 Turn 8: Hassleberry 
Hassleberry draws. He then activates " Big Evolution Pill " by Tributing "Dark Tyranno". Now Hassleberry can Normal Summon Dinosaur-type monsters without Tributing for the next three turns. He then Normal Summons " Super Conductor Tyranno " (3300 → 3600/1400) in Attack Position. Hassleberry then activates the effect of "Super Conductor Tyranno" to Tribute "Etoile Cyber" and inflict 1000 damage to Jaden and Alexis at the cost of not allowing "Super Conductor Tyranno" to attack this turn, but Jaden activates his face-down " Skill Shock " to negate the effect of "Super Conductor Tyranno" by Tributing "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole".
 Turn 9: Alexis 
Alexis draws. She then activates Jaden's face-down " Limit Reverse " to revive " Cyber Tutu " (1000/800) in Attack Position. "Cyber Tutu" attacks directly via its own effect, but Hassleberry activates his face-down " Survival Instinct " to  remove from play  "Destroyersaurus" and "Dark Tyranno" from his Graveyard and gain 800 Life Points (400 for each Dinosaur-type monster removed this way) (Hassleberry/Blair 500 → 1300). The direct attack continues (Hassleberry/Blair 1300 → 300). 
 Alexis then activates her face-down "Prima Light" to send "Cyber Tutu" to the Graveyard and Special Summon "Cyber Prima" (2300/1600) in Attack Position. Alexis then activates Jaden's face-down " Hero's Backup " to remove from play "Bladedge" from Jaden's Graveyard and increase the ATK of "Cyber Prima" ATK by the ATK of "Bladedge" until the End Phase ("Cyber Prima": 2300 → 4900/1600). "Cyber Prima" then attacks and destroys "Super Conductor Tyranno" (Hassleberry/Blair 300 → 0).
 
 Mistakes 
 When  Hassleberry 's  hand  is shown during his first  turn , " Jurassic World " is already in it and " Destroyersaurus " is not. Despite this, he  discards  "Destroyersaurus" to  add  "Jurassic World" to his hand. 
 Alexis  refers to " Doble Passe " as a  Counter Trap Card . It is a  Normal Trap Card . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bladedge 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hero Heart 
 Tag Request 
 Traps 
 Hero's Backup 
 Limit Reverse 
 Skill Shock 
 
 Alexis Rhodes Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Etoile Cyber 
 Cyber Prima 
 Cyber Tutu Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Prima Light 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Archeonys 
 Dark Tyranno 
 Destroyersaurus 
 Super Conductor Tyranno Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill 
 Jurassic World 
 New Ultra Evolution 
 Traps 
 Survival Instinct 
 
 Blair Flannigan Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Scapegoat 
 Stray Lambs 
 Token Thanksgiving 
 Traps 
 Jar of Greed 
 Partner Change 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Etoile Cyber Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/GXx162_characters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120313084015', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/GXx162_Tag_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120313084442']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes