Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Blackwing


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Blackwing 
 ＢＦ 「 ブラックフェザー 」  ( Burakku Fezā ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: "Blackwings": " Bora the Spear ", " Gale the Whirlwind ", " Shura the Blue Flame ", " Mistral the Silver Shield " and " Armor Master ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Black Feather 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 BF 
 
 
 French 
 Aile Noire 
 
 
 German 
 Schwarzflügel 
 
 
 Italian 
 Alanera 
 
 
 Korean 
 2= BF 「 블랙 페더 」   Beullaek Pedeo   (romanized) Translation:  Black Feather 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Asanegra 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Alanegra 
 
 
 Other names 
 ; Arabic أسود الرّيش  (male) سوداء الرّيش  (female) Black Feather  (translated) Croatian Vranolik Dutch Zwartvleugel Swedish Svartvinge Thai แบล็กเฟเทอร์ 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Raging Battle Crimson Crisis Ancient Prophecy Stardust Overdrive The Shining Darkness Starstrike Blast Duelist Pack: Crow Storm of Ragnarok Extreme Victory Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Shining Victories The Dark Illusion Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Gold Series 3 Cosmo Blazer Dragons of Legend Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Duelist Saga Battles of Legend: Armageddon OTS Tournament Pack 20 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 V Jump Edition 3 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Legend Version Premium Pack 17 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 3 20th Secret Rare Challenge Pack Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 Darkwing Blast +1 Bonus Pack Secret Utility Box Premium Pack 2023 
 
 
 
 
 China-Only Sets 
 
 
 Return of the Duelist Abyss Rising Cosmo Blazer Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Blackwing ", known as " Black Feather " ( ＢＦ   Burakku Fezā ) in the Japanese version, is an  archetype  that debuted in  Crimson Crisis , used by  Crow Hogan  and  Robert Pearson , with the former inheriting the Deck from the latter, in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . They were also used in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime by Crow's  alternate universe counterpart .
 They are a Deck with both  swarming  and speed capabilities. When  Crimson Crisis  was released, this archetype was very unsupported, with only five "Blackwing" cards being released: " Gale the Whirlwind ", " Sirocco the Dawn ", " Bora the Spear ", " Armor Master " and " Raptor Wing Strike ". Later on, with the release of  Raging Battle  and  Ancient Prophecy , Blackwings grew into a high swarming and powerful Deck. The speed it gives with its swarming, along with its additional  Synchro Summoning  capabilities, landed this Deck a place on the  Shonen Jump  Circuit, along with being known as one of the many Meta Decks. The Deck proceeded to win the 2009 World Championships and remained popular the following year. New "Blackwing" monsters and support were released in  The Shining Darkness  and  Starstrike Blast , giving them alternative strategies. 
 As of  Premium Gold: Return of the Bling , the deck's swarming capabilities and consistency have been greatly improved. With the release of  Dimension of Chaos  and  The Dark Illusion , new "Blackwing" monsters, called "Assault Blackwings", have been introduced that gain the ability to be Tuner monsters allowing for more access to Synchro Summoning thanks to " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder " having level manipulation once Summoned. The deck functions with high amounts of speed, searching, and good hand trap situations as leaving a " Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow " in hand can be used both offensively and defensively.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Anime 
 
 2.1.1   Blackwing 
 2.1.2   Assault Blackwing 
 
 
 2.2   Manga 
 
 
 3   Playing style 
 
 3.1   Synchro Summoning 
 3.2   Xyz Summoning 
 
 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Vayu Turbo 
 4.2   Vayusworn 
 
 
 5   Official Deck 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
       Linework     
 Most "Blackwing" monsters generally have a very bird-like appearance, with most Level 3 and lower monsters appearing as small birds while the Level 4 and higher monsters appearing to be either humanoids in bird-like outfits or humanoid birds. Most of the "Blackwing" monsters feature black in their design, usually on their wing feathering.
 
 
 
 Members 
 Anime 
 In the anime, the "Blackwing" monsters are named after geographical elements usually related to the natural phenomena, winds and birds.
 
 Blackwing 
 
 
 Blackwing
 
 Origin
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 
 Abrolhos the Megaquake 
 
 Gekishin no  Abroholos
 
 Abrolhos squall ;  megaquake 
 
 
 Aurora the Northern Lights 
 
 Kyokkō no  Aurora
 
 Aurora borealis 
 
 
 Blizzard the Far North 
 
 Kyokuhoku no  Blizzard
 
 Blizzard 
 
 
 Bora the Spear 
 
 Kuroyari no  Blast
 
 Blast Bora ;  spear 
 
 
 Boreas the Sharp 
 
 Sen'ei no  Bora
 
 Bora Boreas 
 
 
 Boreastorm the Wicked Wind 
 
 Mafū no  Boreāsu
 
 Boreas 
 
 
 Breeze the Zephyr 
 
 Soyokaze no  Breeze
 
 Breeze Breeze;  zephyr the west wind 
 
 
 Brisote the Tailwind 
 
 Oikaze no  Alizé
 
 Alizé, French for " trade wind ";  tailwind Brisote ; tailwind
 
 
 Calima the Haze 
 
 Kagerō no  Calm
 
 Calm;  heat haze Calima ;  haze 
 
 
 Chinook the Snow Blast 
 
 Setsugeki no  Chinūku
 
 Chinook 
 
 
 Elphin the Raven 
 
 Shikkoku no  Elfen
 
 Elfen, German for "elves" or "elf's" Raven 
 
 
 Etesian of Two Swords 
 
 Ni no Tachi no  Etesia
 
 Etesian ;  tachi 
 
 
 Fane the Steel Chain 
 
 Tessa no  Föhn
 
 Foehn wind 
 
 
 Gale the Whirlwind 
 
 Shippū no  Gale
 
 Gale ;  whirlwind 
 
 
 Ghibli the Searing Wind 
 
 Neppū no  Ghibli
 
 Ghibli 
 
 
 Gust the Backblast 
 
 Gyakufū no  Gust
 
 Gust 
 
 
 Harmattan the Dust 
 
 Sajin no  Harmattan
 
 Harmattan ;  sandstorm Harmattan;  dust 
 
 
 Hillen the Tengu-wind 
 
 Tengukaze no  Hiren
 
 Hiren , Japanese for " Feilian ";  tengu 
 
 
 Hurricane the Tornado 
 
 Tatsumaki no  Hurricane
 
 Hurricane ;  tornado 
 
 
 Jetstream the Blue Sky 
 
 Sōten no  Jet
 
 Jet stream 
 
 
 Jin the Rain Shadow 
 
 Karakaze no  Jin
 
 Jinn ; strong, dry wind Jinn;  rain shadow 
 
 
 Kalut the Moon Shadow 
 
 Getsuei no  Karūto
 
 Qal'at ;  moonlight 
 
 
 Kochi the Daybreak 
 
 Shinonome no  Kochi
 
 Kochi , spring wind from the east
 
 
 Kogarashi the Wanderer 
 
 Sasurai no  Kogarashi
 
 Cold winter wind 
 
 
 Mistral the Silver Shield 
 
 Gintate no  Mistral
 
 Mistral 
 
 
 Oroshi the Squall 
 
 Toppū no  Oroshi
 
 Oroshi ;  squall 
 
 
 Shamal the Sandstorm 
 
 Ransa no  Shamāru
 
 Shamal ;  Sandstorm 
 
 
 Shura the Blue Flame 
 
 Sōen no  Shura
 
 Asura ;  blue fire 
 
 
 Sirocco the Dawn 
 
 Akatsuki no  Sirocco
 
 Sirocco ;  dawn 
 
 
 Steam the Cloaked 
 
 Kakuremino no  Steam
 
 Steam ;  cloak of invisibility 
 
 
 Sudri the Phantom Glimmer 
 
 Gen'yō no  Suzuri
 
 Suðri ; Phantom
 
 
 Tornado the Reverse Wind 
 
 Sakamaki no  Tornado
 
 Tornado 
 
 
 Vata the Emblem of Wandering 
 
 Burai no  Vāta
 
 Vāta ;  banner 
 
 
 Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 
 Taihai no  Vāyu
 
 Vāyu ;  banner / standard 
 
 
 Zephyros the Elite 
 
 Seiei no  Zéphuros
 
 Zephyrus 
 
 
 Zonda the Dusk 
 
 Kokuya no  Zonda
 
 Zonda ;  Dusk 
 
 Assault Blackwing 
 
 
 Assault Blackwing
 
 Origin
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 
 Chidori the Rain Sprinkling 
 
 Namidaame no  Chidori
 
 Chidori , a sword of  Tachibana Dōsetsu , or Japanese for " plover "; sprinkling rain
 
 
 Kunai the Drizzle 
 
 Kirisame no  Kunai
 
 Kunai ;  drizzle 
 
 
 Kunifusa the White Rainbow 
 
 Hakkō no  Kunifusa
 
 White rainbow 
 
 
 Kunisada the White Rainbow 
 
 Hakkō no  Kunisada
 
 
 Kuniyoshi the White Rainbow 
 
 Hakkō no  Kuniyoshi
 
 
 Kusanagi the Gathering Storm 
 
 Murakumo no  Kusanagi
 
 Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi  (literally "Heavenly Sword of Gathering Clouds") /  Kusanagi no Tsurugi Cumulus cloud 
 
 
 Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 
 Gandachi no  Onimaru
 
 Onimaru , one of the  Five Swords of the World ;  Gandachi  (" thunder "; " thunderstorm "; literally "divine rain")
 
 
 Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 
 Shūu no  Raikiri
 
 Raikiri , another name of  Chidori  above; shower
 
 
 Sayo the Rain Hider 
 
 Amagakure no  Sayo
 
 Sayo Samonji , a type of  tantō ; the act of taking shelter from rain
 
 
 Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 
 Samidare no  Sohaya
 
 Sohaya , a sword;  samidare , a rain in the fifth lunar month
 
 Manga 
 The manga "Blackwings" each have two origins. The first is based on parts of the day, or lunar phases. The second is based on ancient weapons.
 
 
 
 Blackwing
 
 Origin
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 
 Damascus the Polar Night 
 
 Kyokuya no  Damascus
 
 Damascus steel ;  polar night 
 
 
 Gladius the Midnight Sun 
 
 Byakuya no  Gladius
 
 Gladius ;  midnight sun 
 
 
 Gram the Shining Star 
 
 Kiraboshi no  Gramr
 
 Gramr 
 
 
 Jul the New Moon 
 
 Shingetsu no  Jul
 
 New moon 
 
 
 Kris the Crack of Dawn 
 
 Zan'ya no  Kris
 
 Kris ;  dawn 
 
 
 Nothung the Starlight 
 
 Hoshikage no  Nothung
 
 Nothung ;  starlight 
 
 
 Pinaki the Waxing Moon 
 
 Jōgen no  Pinaka
 
 Pinaka , Shiva's bow;  jōgen  (" waxing moon "; literally "upper bowstring")
 
 
 Sharnga the Waning Moon 
 
 Kagen no  Sharnga
 
 Sharanga , Vishnu's bow;  kagen  (" waning moon "; literally "lower bowstring")
 
 Playing style 
 "Blackwings" have a strong emphasis on  swarming  and utilizing hand traps. Most have the ability to Special Summon themselves from the hand; others carry special effects that utilize the Graveyard and Hand to advance the gamestate. Because of these swarming capabilities, they give many opportunities to  Synchro Summon  and  Xyz Summon . Their overall gameplan allows for quick OTKs all the while setting up multiple layers of contingency plans and proofing for additional OTKs in future turns.
 Since all of the "Blackwings" rely on the hand to swarm, " Black Whirlwind " allows them to replenish their resources while giving them the ability to toolbox into certain combo pieces. And when enough Blackwings have swarmed the field, support cards like " Delta Crow - Anti Reverse " and " Black Sonic "  are granted additional effects that allow them to be activated from the hand. 
 Because the majority of the "Blackwing" monsters are  DARK  and  Winged Beasts , they can utilize " Icarus Attack ", " Dark Armed Dragon ", "Dark Illusion", "Cattle Call", "Crush Card Virus", "Deck Devastation Virus", and "Eradicator Epidemic Virus" for card destruction. They even have access to draw power such as " Allure of Darkness ", " Pot of Duality ", " Cards for Black Feathers ", " Pot of Desires " (albeit risky) and searching power such " Raidraptor - Force Strix ", " Creeping Darkness ", " Swallow's Nest ", " Transmodify ", and " Downbeat ".
 The Deck has numerous mind games, forcing opponents to make less than sub-optimal plays to play around certain cards like " Icarus Attack ", " Black Sonic ", " Delta Crow " and " Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow ". The player can create an illusion by simply setting a card in the Spell & Trap Card Zone or keeping a few cards in hand with a "Blackwing" monster on the field. Aggressive Decks are forced to slow down to stay out of range of these options that can cripple them or possibly cost the game.
 With great self sustaining synergy, powerful support cards, toolbox capabilities and the ability to shift between aggressive to passive playstyles; “Blackwings” are one of the easiest archetypes to play and an overall solid archetype.
 
 Synchro Summoning 
 Several of the "Blackwings", as well as their support cards, make  Synchro Summoning  fairly easy.
 
 " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind ": Can be Special Summoned from your hand if you control another "Blackwing" monster besides "Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind". It is one of the few Tuners of this archetype that can Special Summon itself, and has a neat effect to cut down high ATK monsters. 
 " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame ": This monster can  Special Summon from your Deck  a "Blackwing" monster with 1500 or less  ATK  after it has destroyed an opponent's monster during the  Damage Step . Considering that most of the deck's Tuners have less than 1500 ATK, this card can easily create large Synchro plays. Also, because the searched monster's effect is negated, "Vayu" will be able to  Synchro Summon  while on the field if Summoned in this way (which it is normally unable to). 
 " Blackwing - Bora the Spear ": Can be  Special Summoned  from your hand if you control another "Blackwing" monster besides " Blackwing - Bora the Spear ". Can inflict some nice piercing damage on weak monsters. 
 " Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn ": Can be Special Summoned from your hand if you control another "Blackwing" monster besides "Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn". Unlike "Bora", "Kris" can only Special Summon itself from the hand once per turn. It also has an immunity to Spell/Trap destruction once per turn. 
 " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North ": Upon being  Normal Summoned , can  Special Summon from your Graveyard  a Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monster. This card can create OTK situations and is hailed as one of the deck's trump cards. 
 " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor ": Can  Special Summon  "Blackwing" Synchro Monsters by utilizing "Blackwing" monster as materials from the Graveyard instead of the field. Keep in mind that the effects of these Synchro Monsters will be negated as long as they are face-up on the field (" Book of Moon " is one of the cards that can remedy this problem) The Synchro monsters Special Summoned this way are not proper Synchro Summons so cards like " Soul Charge " or " D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation " will not revive them back from the GY or while banished. 
 " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall ": Can Special Summon itself akin to "Kris", and like it can only Special Summon itself once per trn. If it is used as Synchro Material, you can target a monster on the field and change its battle position.. You can even temporarily set a monster to DEF to bait out  a " Mirror Force ", and then switch said defense monster back to ATK after the Battle Phase. 
 " Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon ": Although it cannot Special Summon itself and can only be used for a "Blackwing" Synchro monster, it can search for any "Blackwing" monster at the End Phase, allowing you to rebuild resources and set up for future plays. 
 " Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust ": Can be Special Summoned from your hand if you control another "Blackwing" monster besides "Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust". Shares the same Special Summoning restriction as "Kris" and "Oroshi". Can be utilized with "Blizzard the Far North" and "Gale" / "Pinaki" for Level 6 and Level 8 Synchro plays, respectively. 
 " Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun ": Can be Special Summoned only when there is a single other monster on your field that is a Blackwing. This is the only low ATK, non-tuner that can Special Summon itself. The low ATK allows for Black Whirlwind to search it off of the other tuners like "Pinaki", "Blizzard", "Gale" and Synchro into "Nothung" which allows for combos off of  the weaker Blackwings. 
 " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow ": A Tuner that must first be Special Summoned from the hand while you control no monsters. Upon Summoned this way it gives you 2 "Vague Shadow Tokens". Before  Master Rule 4 , its second effect was very rarely used in pure builds and is a lot better in other decks. "Gofu" is now Banned in both TCG and OCG territory due to its extreme potential with  Link Monsters . 
 " Black Whirlwind ": The key card of any "Blackwing" Deck. When a "Blackwing" monster is  Normal Summoned , you can add a "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand if its  ATK  is weaker than the Summoned monster. Having 2 or more copies of this activated can thin your deck very fast and give you a lot of options for plays. 
 " Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr ": A level 3 tuner that can be special summoned when it is added to your hand by a card effect, allowing for easy combos with "Black Whirlwind". This card is typically over shadowed by "Gale" however because it can effectively make the same play when searched and have an on field effect. The ability to search and immediately summon a level 3 tuner can still be useful however if you run out of copies of "Gale", or if you want to keep "Gale" in the deck for later use. 
 Level 5 Synchro plays : "Blizzard" can revive "Kalut" or "Gladius" to instantly access a Level 5. Any level 4 Blackwing with "Oroshi the Squall" and "Shura" searching for "Vayu".
 
 " Armades, Keeper of Boundaries ": An ideal monster that can attack and send a monster to the GY without worry about monster effects, and Spells & Trap effects. "Oroshi" can guarantee the destruction of many monsters since it can switch the opponent's monster to its weaker stat position. 
 " Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm ". This enables you to have another Synchro material for a higher level Synchro, and can be spammed with "Level Eater" to further summon " Shooting Quasar Dragon " or similar monsters. 
 " T.G. Hyper Librarian ": Can create extra Synchro plays into extra draws. 
 " Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star ": "Blackwing in name", so it can benefit from activating specific "Blackwing" Support cards. Its effect when Synchro Summoned is somewhat lackluster. 
 " Hi-Speedroid Chanbara ": A very good OTK enabler, whenever it battles it gains 200 ATK permanently. The ATK boost can stack up very fast and push your opponent into a corner. 
 " Accel Synchron ": Like "Sohaya", it is a Synchro Tuner monster that can aid in making "Shooting Quasar Dragon" or similar monsters. 
 " Crystron Ametrix ": A solid 2500 beatstick that can shift your opponent's Special Summoned monsters to Defense position, making it easier to run over low DEF monsters such as " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon ". 
 " Vortex the Whirlwind ": A better choice than "Gram", although not a Blackwing, as it allows easy Special Summons of Winged-Beast type monsters, which all main deck Blackwings are consisted of, when destroyed by battle or by card effect. 
 Level 6 Synchro plays : "Blizzard" can revive a Level 4, and "Harmattan" can also be used. A Level 3 Tuner like "Pinaki", "Oroshi", or "Breeze" can combo with a Special Summon from "Gladius" or the revival of a Level 3 with "Blizzard". "Oroshi" and a Level 5 like "Sirrocco" or a Synchro can also work.
 
 " Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight ": This monster inflicts 800 damage to your opponent and lowers an opponent's monster's ATK by 800 without targeting it, causing almost all monsters with 3100 or less ATK fall to it. Its secondary effect grants an addition Normal Summon of a "Blackwing" monster, which in turn combos with "Black Whirlwind". Because of that additional Normal Summon, this card gateways into OTK plays and strong field presence. 
 " Blackwing Armed Wing ": Although not as amazing as "Nothung", "Armed Wing" carries the benefit of piercing battle damage which can beat a lot of high Defense monsters and punish them with Battle Damage.. 
 " Vulcan the Divine ": This card can remove certain faceup problem cards while allowing you access to reuse Monsters, Spells like "Whirlwind" and Traps like " Fiendish Chain ". 
 " Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ": Currently no longer Forbidden because of its errata, it still is a good non-destruction removal of your opponents cards. 
 " Stardust Charge Warrior ": Another offensive monster which grants you a draw when Synchro Summoned. 
 “ Coral Dragon ” : A Tuner Synchro Monster that can remove cards from your opponent field 
 Level 7 Synchro plays : A Level 3 Tuner can combo with a Level 4 Blackwing that can Special Summon itself from the hand, such as "Bora" or "Kris", and vice versa with "Gale", "Breeze", "Pinaki" and any Level 4. They can also just be Special Summoned directly from the deck via the effect of "Shura" and tune with it. Additionally, "Oroshi" can combo with a Level 6, like "Elphin" or "Nothung"
 
 " Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe ": This monster can revive previously used Level 5+ Winged Beasts like "Nothung", "Gofu" (In Traditional Format), and "Dark Simorgh" and allows reoccurring field presence. This card grants additional Synchro Summon potential and is overall another piece of an OTK. It even carries the benefit of diverting cards that target this monster via Battle/Effect to other "Blackwing" monsters, allowing it to stay alive for future plays. It is also possible for a player to use "Elphin", "Nothung", or "Armed Wing" as Synchro material with "Oroshi" for "Obsidian Hawk Joe", and then use Hawk Joe's effect to Special Summon them back. 
 " Blackwing Armor Master ": This monster is immune to battle destruction, which is another great target to divert away from "Hawk Joe". Its effect when placing Wedge counters is only useful the turn after you place them on your opponent's monsters. This is the ideal monster to Synchro into if there are no other "Blackwings" in your GY that "Hawk Joe" would be able to Summon. 
 " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ": This monster can target and destroy cards your opponent controls equal to the number of other "Blackwings" you control. With the "Blackwing's" amazing swarm capabilities this monster can clear away large swaths of your opponents field, eliminating potential obstacles to future plays or clearing the way for an OTK. Also, it is treated as a Tuner monster if Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" as a Synchro Material, and can be used with lower Level "Blackwings" to bring out a high Level Synchro monster. 
 " Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling ". Not as good as Raikiri, but the Blackwings that are in the Graveyard allows this monster to gain 300 ATK for each, giving "Chidori" the advantage over high ATK monsters like " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon " and "Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon". It also has a floating effect to revive any "Blackwing" Synchro monster from your GY, other than "Chidori". 
 " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon " and " Black Rose Dragon ": "Moonlight" is ideal for spot removing Special Summoned opponents and discourages the opponent from Special Summoning level 5 or higher Monsters. "Black Rose Dragon" is great in clearing a lot of your opponent's cards and making your OTKs come faster in the following turns. 
 " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ": Considering this deck can explode out a bunch of high level monsters, "Clear Wing" provides outstanding defense against problem monsters that would otherwise try to kill your Level 5 or higher monsters. It can stop monsters like " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer ", " Cyber Dragon Infinity ", " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK " and even " Effect Veiler " to prevent them from resolving their targeting effects. It also gives decks that run a lot of Level 5 or higher monsters huge problems, such as " Blue-Eyes " ," D/Ds ", and "Blackwings" in the mirror match. To top it off, it can gain the ATK of any monster it negated and destroyed, including your own. This card can potentially be used to funnel all of your ATK power into this monster, though "Chidori" can push for that damage easier. 
 " Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon ": A decent Synchro monster that has the ability to prevent monster effects in your opponents  possession  from activating.This can help push for OTKs easier, preventing cards that would otherwise stop your OTK from activating, such as " Battle Fader ", " Electromagnetic Turtle ", and " Swift Scarecrow ". 
 Cyberse Quantum Dragon : A monster that can remove monsters from the field as Non-TargetIng,non Destruction Removal 
 Level 8 Synchro plays : "Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak" with any Special Summoning Blackwing. You can also use "Nothung" to grant the summon of "Blizzard" and Synchro this way. "Hawk Joe" can provide the high Level monsters like "Gram", "Nothung", or "Armor Master" to be the non-Tuner. You can use "Oroshi" to be the Tuner for any Level 7. Also, you can combo any Level 3 Tuner with " Harmattan ".
 
 " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons ": Immune to destruction and gains attack equal to any damage you take. Since all of the other Synchro options provide no mass destruction defense, this card is ideal against cards like "Dark Hole", "Raigeki", "Bottomless Trap Hole" "Mirror Force" or "Judgment Dragon". This monster forces your opponent to waste specific removal options like "101", "Castel", "Compulsory", "Breakthrough Skill", or "Solemn Warning". 
 " Crimson Blader ": This card can destroy a monster (must be sent to GY to activate "Blader's" effect) and prevent your opponent from Normal/Special Summoning Level 5 or higher monsters on their next turn. This can easily slow down your opponent and prevent them from using monsters to Tribute over yours, such as all the " Kaiju " monsters and " The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode ". 
 " Scrap Dragon ": This monster can remove any problem card on the field. This can also combos with "Beelze" or "Hawk Joe". 
 " Stardust Spark Dragon ": This card can protect specific cards on your field like "Hawk Joe", "Black Whirlwind", itself or any other card you control. 
 " PSY-Framelord Omega ": A very generic Level 8 monster, it can temporarily banish it and a card from your opponent's hand, or return banished cards to the GY, such as monsters you banished with "Allure of Darkness", "Cards for Black Feathers", or "Vayu". 
 " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ": Another generic Level 8 monster that can clear a lot of Special Summoned Effect monsters with 3000 or less ATK and deal 500 damage for each. 
 " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon ": A super nice addition to any "Blackwing" deck, this vicious Dragon gives your Deck more monster effect negation and the ability to run over all Level 5 or higher monsters. A very easy-to-make monster with the Tuners and Synchros in your arsenal. 
 ” Draco Berserker of the Tenyi ” : A Synchro Monster that banishes any monster that activates its effect. It can also attack two monsters and gain a lot of  ATK . 
 Level 9 Synchro plays : "Blizzard" reviving a "Kalut" or "Gladius" with another 4 star on the field (or one that can Special Summon from hand).
 
 " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ": Banishing your opponent's cards is always a nice thing to ruin their day. 
 " Mist Wurm ": A mandatory effect that returns up to 3 cards your opponent controls. Not as solid as "Trishula" but removes more cards on the field. 
 " Vermillion Dragon Mech ": A generic Level 9 Synchro that can banish a Tuner from your hand, field or GY to target and destroy a card. Can also recycle banished Tuner monster if destroyed by a card effect. 
 Level 10 Synchro plays : "Blizzard" and 2 Level 4 monsters. Or "Gale" / "Pinaki", "Gladius", and "Bora" / "Kris". Other options include using "Gale" / "Pinaki", and a level 7 Synchro.
 
 " Leo, the Keeper of the Sacred Tree ": A card that cannot be targeted unless in Main Phase 2. 
 " Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons ": Easy to make in this deck, though it limits OTK potential. It can be a neat way to regain your lost LP and put your opponent's monster's ATK to 0 temporarily. 
 Level 11  Synchro Monsters  plays : Synchro Summoned Raikiri with any Level 4, or "Gale" and two Level 4 monsters..
 
 " Star Eater ": Currently the only Level 11 Synchro in existence, its unaffected by card effects until the end of Damage Step, which can run over " Apoqliphort Towers ". 
 Level 12  Synchro Monsters  plays : "Sohaya" and Tuner Synchro like " Formula Synchron " and "Accel Synchron".
 
 " Shooting Quasar Dragon ": A bit difficult to pull of in pure "Blackwing" decks, it can be made with the right Synchro monsters. Can negate any card or effect during either player's turn. You can substitute "Quasar" with " Cosmic Blazar Dragon " or " Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon ". 
 " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder ":  Currently the only  generic  Level 12 monster in the game. You can even revive it with "Hawk Joe". It has four different effects. If it was Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, then it is treated as a Tuner. Its second effect protects it from destruction effects. Its third effect is it can target any "Blackwing" monster in your GY and it becomes that level, albeit only once per  Duel . Finally if it was Synchro Summoned using only Synchro Monsters, it gains 3000 ATK during the Damage Step only. This effect doesn't activate so " Number S39: Utopia the Lightning " cannot run it over. 
 Xyz Summoning 
 Because of a lot of their monsters Special Summon themselves, it is very easy for them to access Rank 4 plays and somewhat Rank 3 plays.
 
 " Ice Beast Zerofyne ": An amazing go-to monster. This card does not target and cancels an entire field-worth of problems while obtaining an increased ATK stat. Combos with "Icarus". 
 " Raidraptor - Force Strix ": A monster that can search other Level 4 Dark Winged-Beasts. This card is useful to set up when you are finished with attacks and want to add more swarming capabilities for future turns. 
 Decks 
 Blackwings are a powerful archetype, able to quickly swarm the field, Synchro Summon, and potentially OTK every turn. Their specialty is their quick Special Summoning, allowing you to Summon multiple monsters in a single turn, then use effects of monsters such as " Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn " or " Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow " to build on one another and quickly wreak massive destruction. 
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Blackwing - Chinook the Snow Blast 
 Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun 
 Blackwing - Gust the Backblast 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust 
 Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow 
 Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Blackwing - Sudri the Phantom Glimmer 
 Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Blackwing - Zonda the Dusk 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Auster the South Wind 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr 
 Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall 
 Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon 
 Blackwing - Shamal the Sandstorm 
 Blackwing - Steam the Cloak 
 Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 Blackwing - Boreastorm the Wicked Wind 
 Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star 
 Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Blackwing Full Armor Master 
 Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe 
 Black-Winged Assault Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Against the Wind 
 Black Feather Whirlwind 
 Black Whirlwind 
 Cards for Black Feathers 
 Raptor Wing Strike 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Creeping Darkness 
 Dark Eruption 
 Tuner's High 
 Mind Control 
 Pot of Desires 
 Reasoning 
 Swallow's Nest 
 Traps 
 Black Sonic 
 Blackback 
 Blackbird Close 
 Blackwing - Twin Shadow 
 Delta Crow - Anti Reverse 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Icarus Attack 
 Lost Wind 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Solemn Strike 
 Solemn Warning 
 Trap Stun 
 Vayu Turbo 
 This Deck is based on getting " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " and high-Level "Blackwing" monsters into the Graveyard. Vayu's effect allows the  Special Summon  of "Blackwing"  Synchros  from the Extra deck by using "Blackwing" monsters in the graveyard to fulfill the level requirements; the effects of these monsters are negated. Because this is not a traditional Synchro Summon, the Synchro monsters are not revivable if they are to hit the graveyard. 
 The strategy then devolves into spamming high-ATK  Synchro Monsters  followed by swarming the field with other "Blackwing" monsters. Recycling with " Burial from a Different Dimension " to perform another  Special Summon  is a recommended tactic. This also allows you to return " Necro Gardna " and anything else you might remove with " Dark Armed Dragon " or " Allure of Darkness " to your  Graveyard . To go along with " Burial from a Different Dimension ", you can add " Return from the Different Dimension " to Summon the same cards to your side of the field and attempt an  OTK . Cards that send other cards from your Deck to your Graveyard,  such as " Card Trooper " (or, to a lesser extent, " Veil of Darkness "), are suggested. Another possible strategy is to Special Summon " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " through the effect of " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame ", negating the Synchro Summoning restriction of " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor ", and Synchro Summon " Ally of Justice Catastor ". 
 " Crush Card Virus " is a viable tool for ditching " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " to the Graveyard while destroying the opponent's monsters. " Deck Devastation Virus " and/or " Eradicator Epidemic Virus " work for ditching a high-Level "Blackwing" monster to the Graveyard and destroying low-ATK monsters. This strategy works very will with this type of Deck, since you will be able to rapidly swarm the field with high-ATK DARK-Attribute Monsters, since the key cards of this Deck (" Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor ", high Level "Blackwings") make perfect targets for the " Crush Card Virus ". When they are in the Graveyard, you can Summon even more monsters while leaving your opponent with nothing. Furthermore, you will be looking at your opponent's hand, allowing you to predict their actions. 
 Another great card for this Deck is " Skill Drain " which can negate the effect of " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " while it is on the field (so it can be used as a Synchro Material monster on the field) while still allowing it to Special Summon Synchro Monsters by removing it from the Graveyard ("Skill Drain" does not negate effects in the Graveyard).  As an added bonus, the effect-negating drawback on the Synchro Monster will be meaningless, since "Skill Drain" does the same to each other monster.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn 
 Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon 
 Card Trooper 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher 
 Mathematician 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Armades, Keeper of Boundaries 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star 
 Dark End Dragon 
 Mist Wurm 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Vulcan the Divine 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Photon Papilloperative 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Force Strix Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Black Whirlwind 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Cards for Black Feathers 
 Foolish Burial 
 Traps 
 Black Sonic 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Delta Crow - Anti Reverse 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Icarus Attack 
 Vayusworn 
 Vayusworn  is a Deck type centered on using " Lightsworn " monsters with " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " and " Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn " or " Blackwing - Elphin the Raven ".
 Players often choose " Sirocco the Dawn " over " Elphin the Raven " for one of two reasons; "Sirocco the Dawn" is capable of being Summoned to the field like " Cyber Dragon ". It can also be used against the common "Blackwing" deck, by stealing other "Blackwing" monsters  ATK  from the opponent and attacking their "Blackwing" monsters for 2000 or more damage depending on the amount of ATK the "Blackwing" monsters on the field that " Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn " absorbs. " Lightsworn " Decks got hurt by the  March 2010 Lists . However, the  September 2011 Lists  increased this deck's power, with  Necro Gardna  going back to 2 and  Judgment Dragon  going back to 3. In addition the deck got even more power due to the " March 2012 Lists ", with " Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner " being put back to 2.
 
 Official Deck 
 
 DARK + Blackwing” Deck Recipe [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle  x3 
 Blackwing - Elphin the Raven 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious  x3 
 Kuribandit  x3 
 Mathematician 
 Sangan 
 Summoner Monk 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor  x3 
 Plaguespreader Zombie  x2 Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal 
 Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Evilswarm Exciton Knight 
 Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness  x3 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Foolish Burial 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Twin Twisters  x3 
 Traps 
 Crush Card Virus  x3 
 
 “Blackwing” Deck [2] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear  x3 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust  x2 
 Blackwing - Simoom the Poison Winds  x3 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite  x2 
 Radian, the Multidimensional Kaiju 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Auster the South Winds  x3 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind  x2 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall  x2 
 Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon 
 Blackwing - Steam the Cloak 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm  x2 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Blackwing Full Armor Master 
 Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star 
 Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Link Monsters 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Linkuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness  x3 
 Black Whirlwind  x3 
 Called by the Grave  x3 
 Glowing Crossbow 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Blackbird Close  x2 
 Icarus Attack  x2 
 Weaknesses 
 Unfortunately, the majority of the archetype lacks raw power and relies on having both the strong and weak monsters to combo properly. Their dependency on Black Whirlwind to maintain resources can be easily worked around with attack debuffs such as " Burden of the Mighty " or " Solidarity ". 
 Blackwing's ultimate strength is their swarming capacity, but the swarm require at least 1 "Blackwing" to present first. Immediately Negate that summon or Destroy it after the summon will potentially shutdown the deck for 1 turn.
 They also have some problems maintaining hand and field advantage due to the overwhelming speed with which “Blackwings” are Summoned, a player can (and often will) find his/her hand depleting quickly, thus lacking resources in case his/her plans goes wrong, (such as in the case the opponent counters a massive Swarming with a destruction card like " Torrential Tribute ", " Dark Hole ", "Raigeki", "Bottomless Trap Hole" or "Solemn Warning"). 
 Balance of Judgment  can help to draw more cards just in case this happens, giving you more chances to plan a new attack
 "Blackwings" are good in that they are not very weak to any common Side Deck cards. Because they are all DARK (save the rarely used "Aurora") and all Winged-Beast (save for "Obsidian Hawk Joe"), cards such as " Rivalry of Warlords " and " Gozen Match " do not hurt them.
 Evenly Matched  is always a good hand trap towards a swarming-based deck such as Blackwings as they do as many plays as possible in order to swarm the field with monsters. Banishing their whole field when possible using this card can definitely ruin their strategies as well as Extra Deck monsters such as  Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons  or  Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower .
 Cards such as " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror " may hurt the player as you will not be able to use your effects, and " Dimensional Fissure " will render " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame ", " Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow ", " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North " and " Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite "'s effects useless. However, all of these threats are easily solved with " Icarus Attack " or " Diamond Dire Wolf ", as all of the monsters are Winged-Beasts. " Royal Decree " may pose a problem as it will render " Icarus Attack " useless, but it's also easily dealt with using " Diamond Dire Wolf " or the common " Mystical Space Typhoon ".
 " Thunder King Rai-Oh " will stop Black Whirlwind searching, and can negate a Synchro Summon.
 Siding in " Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn " is also surprisingly effective against "Blackwings", since "Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn" can use the opponent's "Blackwings" for his effect. Although unlikely.
 Cards such as " Koa'ki Meiru Drago " and " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " can also stop "Blackwings" from Special Summoning.
 
 Trivia 
 All members of this archetype are  DARK   Winged Beast   monsters , except for the following:
 LIGHT  - "Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights" 
 Warrior  - "Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe" 
 References 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/ocg-dark-blackwing-deck-recipe/ 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/westsidestorymeetscats/ 
 
 
 v e 
 Blackwing  cards 
   
" Blackwing " 「 ＢＦ 」 Members 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights Blackwing - Auster the South Wind Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp Blackwing - Boreastorm the Wicked Wind Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind Blackwing - Calima the Haze Blackwing - Chinook the Snow Blast Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind Blackwing - Elphin the Raven Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star Blackwing - Gust the Backblast Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon Blackwing - Shamal the Sandstorm Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing - Steam the Cloak Blackwing - Sudri the Phantom Glimmer Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite Blackwing - Zonda the Dusk Blackwing Armed Wing Blackwing Armor Master Blackwing Full Armor Master Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe 
 Blackwing - Backlash Blackwing - Bombardment Blackwing - Boobytrap Blackwing - Twin Shadow 
 Support 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights Blackwing - Auster the South Wind Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp Blackwing - Boreastorm the Wicked Wind Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind Blackwing - Chinook the Snow Blast Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind Blackwing - Elphin the Raven Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star Blackwing - Gust the Backblast Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon Blackwing - Shamal the Sandstorm Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing - Steam the Cloak Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind Blackwing - Vata the Emblem of Wandering Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Blackwing - Zonda the Dusk Blackwing Armed Wing Blackwing Armor Master Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe 
 Against the Wind Black Feather Beacon Black Feather Whirlwind Black Return Black Sonic Black Thunder Black Whirlwind Black-Winged Strafe Blackback Blackbird Close Blackboost Blackwing - Backlash Blackwing - Bombardment Blackwing - Boobytrap Blackwing - Twin Shadow Cards for Black Feathers Delta Crow - Anti Reverse Fake Feather Glowing Crossbow Raptor Wing Strike 
 Anti-support 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Related 
 Black-Winged Assault Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon Hunter of Black Feathers Vortex the Whirlwind 
 Black Shadow Squall Black Wing Revenge 
 
   
" Assault Blackwing " 「 Ａ   ＢＦ 」 Members 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 Support 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 
 v e 
" Blackwing " 「 ＢＦ 」 a   Members 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Kunifusa the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kunisada the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kuniyoshi the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kusanagi the Gathering Storm Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm Black-Winged Strafe Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights Blackwing - Backlash Blackwing - Black Crest Token Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North Blackwing - Boobytrap Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind Blackwing - Calima the Haze Blackwing - Calima the Haze Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind Blackwing - Elphin the Raven Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain Blackwing - Festival Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow Blackwing - Gust the Backblast Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer Blackwing - Last Will Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing - Steam the Cloaked Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite Blackwing Anchor Blackwing Armed Wing Blackwing Armor Master Blackwing Token 
 Support 
 Against the Wind Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Kunifusa the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kunisada the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kuniyoshi the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kusanagi the Gathering Storm Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm Black Feather Beacon Black Feather Cursed Guard Black Feather Hope Black Feather Illusion Black Feather Reversal Black Return Black Sonic Black Thunder Black Wing Black-Winged Strafe Blackback Blackboost Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights Blackwing - Backlash Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North Blackwing - Boobytrap Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind Blackwing - Calima the Haze Blackwing - Calima the Haze Blackwing - Elphin the Raven Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gust the Backblast Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing Anchor Blackwing Armed Wing Blackwing Armor Master Cards for Black Feathers Delta Crow - Anti Reverse Fake Feather 
 Related 
 Black Wing Revenge Black-Winged Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Steam Token Vague Shadow Token 
 
 v e 
" Assault Blackwing " 「 Ａ   ＢＦ 」 a   Members 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle Assault Blackwing - Kunifusa the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kunisada the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kuniyoshi the White Rainbow Assault Blackwing - Kusanagi the Gathering Storm Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 Support 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm 
 
 v e 
" Blackwing " 「 ＢＦ 」 m   Members 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night Blackwing - Delta Union Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star Blackwing - Jul the New Moon Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight Blackwing - Pinaka the Waxing Moon Blackwing - Sharnga the Waning Moon Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing Tamer - Blackhawk Joe 
 Support 
 Black Revenge Black-Winged Arrow Blackwing - Bora the Spear Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night Blackwing - Delta Union Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn Blackwing - Pinaka the Waxing Moon Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn Blackwing Tamer - Blackhawk Joe 
 Related 
 Blackwing Dragon Black Feather 
 
 v e 
" Blackwing Tamer " 「 ＢＦ Ｔ 」 m   Members 
 Blackwing Tamer - Blackhawk Joe 
 Support 
 Black Cyclone 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Blackwings.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090408230545', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Blackwing_lineart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110822232656']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)