Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/New_Domino_City

For the location in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , see  New Domino City (ARC-V) .      
         New Domino City     
 New Domino City , known as  Neo Domino City  (ネオ童実野シティ  Neo Domino Shiti ) or  City   in the Japanese version, is an intended utopia. It is built near the old  Domino City , which has now become the rundown  Satellite  plant. Residents of New Domino live in luxury and feed off the labor of people living in Satellite. In the dub of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , the City in the  Synchro Dimension  is also known as  New Domino City . In this version of New Domino, characters such as  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan  and  Lazar  appear as different universe counterparts to their 5D's versions. 
 New Domino is connected to Satellite by a single pipeline. According to  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's ,  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas  are the only people to ever travel through the garbage pipe to New Domino City.
 However according to  Rex Goodwin , the connection with Satellite being the pipeline is due to the events concerning the  Dark Signers . Yusei tried to convince Goodwin to evacuate the citizens of Satellite, but Goodwin states he can't or the current situation would worsen due to the Dark Signers seeking the residents of New Domino city if he did what Yusei asked, which angers Yusei. However, it partially fails when  Misty Tredwell  and  Carly Carmine  become Dark Signers in New Domino, although they go to Satellite after their  Duels  conclude.
 However, before the final battle between them and the  Signers  can finally commence. Yusei requests to Goodwin that once they are defeated, he will then finally connect the city and Satellite with the help of Satellite's legendary  Daedalus Bridge . Goodwin accepts.
 
         The monument symbolising the unification of  Satellite  and New Domino City.     
 After Goodwin dies when he is defeated by Yusei in a final Duel as one of the Dark Signers, a new and enormous bridge is constructed which finally connects the city with  Satellite .
 
Because of this bridge, it is said that the city has changed significantly, as a highway has been able to be constructed which connects the city with other parts. Also because of this same highway,  Turbo Duels  can now occur freely.  
 All the highway lanes have been built so that they can elevate when a  Turbo Duel  is initiated, thus allowing mainstream traffic to pass by without disrupting the Duel. Of course, a Turbo Duel on the highway must first be granted authorization by  Sector Security .
 A monument has been built in the center of all the bridges connecting Satellite to New Domino City. It symbolises the unification of Satellite and the city and its design makes out an infinity symbol when looking at its reflection in the water. This monument is most likely designed this way by  its designers .
 According to  Lazar , such changes are the ones being celebrated on the upcoming and prestigious tournament, known as the " World Racing Grand Prix ".
 During the WRGP tournament, the city is severely damaged by the Diablo fiasco, thus halting the tournament for a while for repairs.
 During the Duel against  Aporia , the city is further damaged and many civilians are harmed as the attacks from " Meklord Astro Mekanikle " are real. Also during Yusei's fight with  Z-one , part of the Divine Temple falls on the city, and causes some damage.
 The gigantic fortress known as the  Divine Temple  is revealed to be made out of crumbled buildings and structures that compose the city in the future.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/NeoDominoSprawl.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080430193245', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/Monument.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20100523073332']
Categories: Cities