Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_013


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 013 
 
 
 
 
 The Savants arise in Declan's  Pendulum Zones . 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 魔導賢者ガリレイ、ケプラー 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Madō Kenja Garirei, Kepurā 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Magical Savants Galilei & Kepler 
 
 
 English 
 Circus Surprise! 
 
 
 Number 
 013 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 6, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 23, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 May 4, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 May 29, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 
 
 
 " Circus Surprise! ", known as " Magical Savants Galilei & Kepler " in the Japanese version, is the thirteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 6, 2014 and in Canada on October 23, 2015. Nicktoons aired on May 8, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 Somehow,  Declan   Pendulum Summons  and mounts an  attack  against  Yuya . Yuya shows off his ability to Pendulum Summon, something he thought only he could do, and tries to counterattack by  Entertainment Dueling , but due to the sheer pressure from Declan, he’s unable to hide his shock. With  You Show Duel School ’s fate on the line, Yuya is extremely anxious.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Declan Akaba 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Cast 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya  recaps that LID's  fourth player  showed him his overwhelming power and strategy, remembering the  Summonings  of the  Fusion ,  Synchro  and  Xyz Monsters .
 Adjusting his glasses,  Declan  declares his  Battle Phase  and he orders " D/D/D Flame King Genghis " to  attack   Yuya 's " Performapal Whip Snake ". Quickly, Yuya  activates  his  Set  card, " Hippo Carnival ",  Special Summoning  three " Hippo Tokens " in  Defense Position . Additionally, they are the only monsters that Declan can attack. "Genghis" bisects one of the Tokens, and  Tate  cheers that Yuya protected "Whip Snake".  Gong  agrees; now Yuya can mount a counterattack (in the dub, Gong comments that the attack got him going). Declan continues with his attack, having " D/D/D Gust King Alexander " attack and  destroy  another "Hippo Token". Then he activates the  effect  of "Alexander", since it destroyed a  monster   by battle ; Declan can destroy one more monster. Yuya, "Whip Snake" and the remaining "Hippo Token" all react with horror as "Alexander" destroys the final Token with another slash of its one-handed blade and leaps back to Declan's  field . Declan orders " D/D/D Wave King Caesar " to attack "Whip Snake", and both monsters leap forwards. "Caesar" destroys "Whip Snake" with one swing of its massive blade and leaps back to Declan's field as Yuya's  LP  are reduced to 3300.  Frederick  curses unhappily, as Declan managed to destroy all of Yuya's monsters. Declan Sets a card and ends his  turn . Yuya calls Declan's true strength amazing, admitting to being honestly shocked when he saw that Declan could control all three Summoning methods. Now it's Yuya's turn. He doesn't control  Fusion ,  Synchro  or  Xyz  Monsters, but he has his own unique power that has been given to him. He declares that the fun has only just begun ("Ready or not, here I go!" in the dub), and he draws.
 He's drawn " Timegazer Magician ", and thinks to himself in satisfaction that it's here. "Ladies and Gentlemen!" Yuya cheers. Apologizing to his fans for keeping them waiting, he declares that it's what they've all been waiting for, Yuya Sakaki's Dueltaining that only Yuya Sakaki can do.  Henrietta  isn't fazed, but Yuya's friends are all excited.  Ally  says that she's been waiting for this. Using the  Scale  1 " Stargazer Magician " and the Scale 8 "Timegazer Magician," Yuya Sets the Pendulum Scale. The familiar writing appears on his Duel Disk, and the twin magicians appear in the blue columns of light. Yuya explains that now he can Summon multiple monsters from  Levels   2  to  7 . The large pendulum swings as Yuya chants "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether!  Pendulum Summon ! Come forth, my monsters! ("Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready... to swing into action!" in the dub)" Two monsters emerge from the Pendulum portal, " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and a new companion, " Performapal Fire Mufflerlion ". Tate cheers that there it is, the Pendulum Summon. Ally adds that Yuya brought out a new monster, too, and Frederick gets his "shivers."  Zuzu  tells Yuya that it's time for a counterattack (in the dub, Zuzu encourages Yuya to sic "Mufferlion" on his opponent), and Gong tells Yuya to do it.  Skip  tells Yuya that he's counting on him.
 Spotlights snap on Yuya, and he asks for everyone's attention. It's time for fire acrobatics featuring their favorite superstar, "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (in the dub, Yuya calls the act of "Odd-Eyes" overpowering). He dives from the platform, dons his goggles, and lands on the back of "Odd-Eyes", and tells his monster "let's go!" ("Here we go, Odd-Eyes! It's showtime!" in the dub) and declares his Battle Phase. "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Genghis", and Yuya chants, "With those dual-colored eyes of yours, lay waste to all that lies before you! ("Bowl this crowd over with the most intense attack they've ever seen!" in the dub)" Leaping into the air, "Odd-Eyes" attacks with " Spiral Flame Strike ", blasting a black and crimson plume of flame at "Genghis". The  Fiend  blocks the blast with its shield as Yuya explains that the effect of "Odd-Eyes" activates now - when battling a  Level  5 or higher monster,  battle damage  is doubled. The orbs on the spines of "Odd-Eyes" glow as Yuya declares "Reaction Force!" and Odd-Eyes adds a surge of orange flame to its blast, destroying "Genghis" and reducing Declan to 3000 LP. Tate cheers, explaining to his friends that 500 times two is 1000 total points of damage (in the dub, Tate encourages Yuya to take down the rest of Declan's monsters). Ally yells that Yuya's turned the tides (omitted from the dub). Furthermore, Yuya activates the effect of "Fire Mufflerlion", which allows a  Pendulum Monster  that has destroyed a monster in battle to make a second attack and gain 200  ATK . "Fire Mufflerlion" roars and lets loose an aura of flame that becomes a ring of fire. Yuya orders "Odd-Eyes" to jump through, and the  Dragon  leaps through the ring, with its ATK at 2700. Tate cheers, and Zuzu is impressed that Yuya could use that move to power up "Odd-Eyes". Gong comments that Yuya is truly a wild animal tamer; no, a dragon tamer (in the dub, Zuzu comments that Yuya is the best at the razzle-dazzle department; Gong says Yuya is a natural at monster-wrangling)! Skip calls it real entertainment, burning and hot-blooded (in the dub he says Yuya's like his father, only shorter) as Yuya targets "Alexander" for his next attack, with "Odd-Eyes" launching another "Spiral Flame Strike". "Alexander" leaps into the air and blocks the blast with its sword, and Yuya then activates the effect of "Odd-Eyes" again, "Reaction Force". The second surge of flame destroys "Alexander" and reduces Declan to 2600 LP as he grunts. Frederick exclaims that he can't stop these shivers. Yuya and "Odd-Eyes" pass by an  Action Card , and Yuya bends down to snag it, commenting that he's on a roll today. He activates the card, " Wonder Chance ", allowing "Odd-Eyes" to attack again. "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Caesar". Before leaping up to meet the attack, "Caesar" absorbs one of its Overlay Units into its chest, and Declan narrows his eyes. "Caesar" raises its sword, but it is destroyed in a single blast, reducing Declan to 2300 LP. Ally cheers that Yuya did it, he took out all of them, and Tate adds that on top of that, Yuya managed to take out 1700 of Declan's LP in one turn (in the dub, Tate says that while the Duel was a 180 earlier, Yuya took control of it), while Frederick has another bout of shivers. Zuzu states that, even if his opponent controls all three Summoning methods, as long Yuya has Pendulum Summoning, he can protect  You Show Duel School . Skip tells Yuya that he's on fire, he really is the ace of their You Show Duel School. Dismounting "Odd-Eyes", Yuya thanks his audience for their cheers, and explains that "Fire Mufflerlion" can't attack this turn due to its own effect, so his attacks have come to an end, and the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" returns to normal. He bows deeply, and then he walks over to "Odd-Eyes", congratulating it. He looks over at the cloud of smoke clearing before Declan and gasps in horror.
 "Caesar", "Alexander", and "Genghis" are all standing on Declan's field. Everyone is shocked, with Tate protesting that Yuya just destroyed them. Yuya asks why, and Declan explains that he activated the effect of "Wave King Caesar". By using an Overlay Unit, "Caesar" can Special Summon all of the monsters that were destroyed during the turn's Battle Phase at the end of the Battle Phase. Yuya and Gong are shocked, as Declan admits that, of course, there is a risk for such a powerful ability; on his next turn, if he controls any monsters that were Special Summoned by this effect, he takes 1000  damage  for each. Frederick and Tate muse that three monsters will mean 3000 damage, more than Declan's 2300 LP, so Declan will lose on his next turn.  Sora  interrupts, pointing out that he told them that wouldn't happen. He takes a bite out of his chocolate bar and comments that Declan's too good for that. Sora is immediately proven correct as Declan activates the  Trap Card , " D/D/D Human Resources ". It returns three " D/D/D " monsters from his field to the  Deck , and then allows him to add two " D/D " monsters from his Deck to his hand.  All three "D/D/D" monsters vanish as two cards are ejected from Declan's Deck, " D/D Savant Kepler " and " D/D Savant Galilei " - monsters with widened art frames. Sora points out that he told them so, with all three monsters gone, Declan won't take any damage on his next turn now. Frederick points out that all Declan did was return his monsters to his Deck, and Ally asks what's so great about the powerful ability of "Caesar". Both Sora and Tate are worried about the two cards that Declan added to his hand, though. Zuzu tells Yuya to keep it up, and just make it through with a smile on his face using his Dueltaining (this exchange is cut from the dub). Yuya Sets a card ends his turn. He congratulates Declan, calling him amazing. Everything Declan does surpasses Yuya's expectations. He's looking forward to whatever surprises Declan has in store for him next, but then he scratches his nose and claims he was just kidding. Declan replies that likewise, Yuya has also done well. He has allowed Declan to see the nature of Pendulum Summoning for himself with his own eyes. Now it's Yuya's turn. He'll have Yuya confirm with his own eyes whether Pendulum Summoning is unique or not (in the dub, Declan says he knows secrets about the other Summoning methods, including Yuya's).
 Declan draws, and then, using the Scale 1 "D/D Savant Galilei" and the Scale 10 "D/D Savant Kelper," he Sets the Pendulum Scale. The word appears on Declan's  Duel Disk , and two robotic pillars rise from the ground in blue columns of light, as Declan explains that he can simultaneously Summon monsters from Level 2 to  Level 9 . Gong yells that those are Pendulum Monsters, and Sora and Zuzu gasp that it can't be (in the dub, Gong thinks that Declan is bluffing, while Zuzu disagrees). "Grand power which shakes my very soul!"  Declan chants as the Pendulum Monsters work. "Arise within me and give birth to a new light that rends the darkness! Pendulum Summon! Come before me, my monsters!" ("The energy of the universe swings between the forces of the darkness and the light! I shall now harness the power of this eternal oscillation!" in the dub) Unlike Yuya's Summon, no pendulum swings between the monsters, and only a purple mass of light surges from the portal as everyone gasps. "The three transcendent deities who rules over all kings!" ("Behold, the three fierce immortals who can command the obedience of all!" in the dub) Declan chants. " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon !" he yells as a crystalline monster descends. And it's not just that one, another, and another "Armageddon" descends, for a total of three, each with 3000 ATK, as Sora observes. 
 Yuya asks how Declan can Pendulum Summon, but Declan wastes no time in moving to his Battle Phase, attacking "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" with "Armageddon". As "Armageddon" charges an energy attack in its core, Zuzu pounds on the glass and yells Yuya's name, snapping him out of his daze. Yuya finds an Action Card, " Miracle ", which will prevent "Odd-Eyes" from being destroyed and halve the battle damage. "Armageddon" blasts eight strands of black and purple lightning from its body, impacting "Odd-Eyes" and reducing Yuya to 3050 LP. Declan comments that miracles only happen once, and attacks with the second "Armageddon", destroying "Odd-Eyes", and reducing Yuya to 2550 LP. Tate points out that Pendulum Monsters don't go to the  Graveyard  when they're destroyed, and Declan takes note of this as Yuya's Duel Disk shows "Odd-Eyes" going into Yuya's  Extra Deck ; he also notes that the same thing will happen to "Fire Mufferlion" if it is destroyed. Declan attacks "Fire Mufflerlion" as well, Yuya frantically running around, searching for an Action Card, but he's unable to find one in time as the attack from the final "Armageddon" strikes, reducing Yuya to 350 LP. Tate gasps that Declan did 2200 damage in an instant. Zuzu murmurs Yuya's name. Yuya wonders who Declan is, and asks him how he can use Pendulum Summoning. Declan's only answer is to Set a card and end his turn (in the dub, Declan replies this is none of Yuya's concern). Henrietta claps and calls Declan splendid. If he's mastered Pendulum Summoning to this extent, then they have no use for You Show, and they can simply crush them. Fusion, Synchro and Xyz all belong to LID. Skip is shocked that Declan would use Pendulum Summoning, and wonders just how much power Declan has. Then he notices the still shell-shocked Yuya on his screen, and he reminds Yuya that the match isn't over yet, and reminds him him to keep burning and be hot-blooded. Yuya agrees and urges himself to calm down, he has to protect You Show. He looks up at the three "Armageddons", musing that those are Declan's Pendulum Monsters, despite Pendulum being something only given to Yuya. Then he shakes his head and tells himself not to think about it, if Yuya doesn't win this Duel, the Duel School will...
 Yuya declares his turn and muses that since his hand is at zero, this draw will decide everything. He draws, getting his " Performapal Partnaga ", and then he Pendulum Summons again, bringing forth the monsters that left the stage, "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Performapal Fire Mufflerlion", as well as "Partnaga" from his hand. Frederick cheers that this time Yuya brought forth three monsters at once. Gong adds that Yuya's still ready to fight, and Zuzu shouts encouragement. Yuya activates the effect of his "Partnaga",  targeting  "Odd-Eyes". When "Partnaga" is Special Summoned, he can increase the targeted monster's ATK by 300 for each " Performapal " monster he controls. "Partnaga" spreads its body out to attach to one of the horns of "Odd-EYes" and grabs the tail of "Mufflerlioin" with the hand on its own tail, causing "Odd-Eyes" to glow with yellow light and power up to 3100 ATK. Yuya thinks that everything is set: first, he'll use the powered up "Odd-Eyes" to destroy one "Armageddon", using the effect of "Odd-Eyes" to double the battle damage to 200, reducing Declan to 2100 LP, and then he'll power up "Odd-Eyes" again with "Fire Mufflerlion", to 3300 ATK and have it attack again, destroying the second and reducing Declan to 1500 LP. Then, he can use his Trap Card, " One Two Jump ", to have "Odd-Eyes" attack a third time and halve the ATK of the final "Armageddon". With Declan having 1500 LP left, Yuya can win. 
 Yuya leaps on "Odd-Eyes" and attacks the first "Armageddon" with its "Spiral Flame Strike", then Yuya reminds Declan that the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubles the battle damage with a Level 5 or higher monster, and "Odd-Eyes" activates its "Reaction Force" effect, the extra fire destroying "Armageddon" and reducing Declan to 2100 LP. Declan in turn reminds Yuya that destroyed Pendulum Monsters are sent to the Extra Deck, holding up his card. He begins to activate the effect of "Fire Mufflerlion", but Declan interrupts him with the effect of "Armageddon". When one of Declan's monsters is destroyed, the remaining "Armageddons" can gain the ATK of the destroyed monster. Dark power flows into the two monsters as Declan reminds them that "Armageddon" had 3000 ATK, so the other two will gain that value. Both "Armageddons" increase to 6000 ATK, and the group look on in shock, asking how one would even defeat such a monster. Sora comments that this is going to be rough, but he alone seems excited, as everyone else believes that this is the end. Reluctantly, Yuya ends his turn and the ATK of the "Armageddons" decrease back to their substantial 3000.
 Declan starts his turn and draws a card. And then both "Galilei" and "Kelper" begin shaking violently, covered in lightning. Their  Pendulum Effects  appear on the cards, and their Scales shrink to 2 and 5. This is reflected by the glowing numbers changing in the blue light columns, with the Scale of "Galilei" doubling to 2, and the Scale of "Kepler" halving to 5. Lightning strands extend from the two Pendulum Monsters and destroy the two "Armageddons", much to everyone's shock, especially Declan's. Sora observes that the destruction of the monsters must have had something to do with the Pendulum Scale shrinking just now (in the dub, Sora adds that this means Declan hasn't perfected Pendulum Summoning yet). Gong yells that it's a chance, and Zuzu points out that Declan can only Pendulum Summon  Level 3  and  4  monsters now. This reminds Yuya of the effect of "Partnaga", which prevents Level 4 or lower monsters from attacking, so no matter what monsters Declan summons... Declan muses that in the end, his monsters were just prototypes, and they were still unstable. He looks at his Set card, thinking that, in this situation... and then he realizes something. He begins to laugh madly, his face twisting beneath his hand. He asks himself why he didn't realize it until now - Pendulum Summoning is not complete yet. Yuya gasps in shock, and Declan explains that he's seen the possibility for evolution in Pendulum Summoning, and he'll have Yuya bear witness to it at this moment. Yuya can only wonder what Declan is talking about.
 "What did you say?" Henrietta gasps, catching the attention of both Declan and Yuya. But she's not talking to them (cut from the dub),  Claude  is whispering in her ear.  Julia , the closest, gasps " Professor Marco  was...!" ("What's going on?!" in the dub) causing both  Kit  and  Dipper  to react as well. Henrietta calls out to Declan, who pops up a screen on his Duel Disk to communicate with Claude, who informs him of the situation, causing Declan to narrow his eyes. Declan promptly leaps from ball to ball and starts walking out of the arena. When Yuya asks Declan to wait, Declan explains he'll give Yuya the win (in the dub, Yuya wonders what the move Declan was about to use was, while Declan replies that he'll see someday). Yuya asks to know Declan's name, and Declan tells him that his name is Declan (in the dub, Yuya instead wonders if Declan is right that he has a way to evolve Pendulum summoning). Declan leaves Yuya to murmur his new rival's name.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Declan Akaba 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Declan 
" D/D/D Flame King Genghis "  attacks  " Performapal Whip Snake ", but  Yuya   activates  his  face-down  " Hippo Carnival ",  Special Summoning  three " Hippo Tokens " (0/0 each) in  Defense Position . Their  effects  prevent other  monsters  he controls from being  targeted  for attacks, so "Genghis" attacks and  destroys  a "Hippo Token". " D/D/D Gust King Alexander " attacks and destroys another "Hippo Token". As it it destroyed a monster  by battle , the effect of "Alexander" activates, letting it destroy a monster Yuya controls. The third "Hippo Token" is destroyed. " D/D/D Wave King Caesar " attacks and destroys "Whip Snake" (Yuya: 4000 → 3300 LP).  Declan   Sets  1 card.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  " Timegazer Magician ". Yuya activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000) and " Performapal Fire Mufflerlion " (800/800), both from his hand in  Attack Position . "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Genghis", with the former's effect doubling the  battle damage  as it is battling a  Level  5 or higher monster (Declan: 4000 → 3000 LP). As a  Pendulum Monster  he controls destroyed an opponent's monster by battle, Yuya activates the effect of "Mufflerlion", increasing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" by 200 ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 2700/2000) until the end of the  Battle Phase  and allowing it to attack again, but "Mufflerlion" itself may not attack. "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Alexander", with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the battle damage (Declan: 3000 → 2600 LP). Yuya finds and activates the  Action Card  " Wonder Chance ", giving "Odd-Eyes" an additional attack. "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Caesar" (Declan: 2600 → 2300 LP), with Declan activating the effect of "Caesar",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to Special Summon all monsters he controls that were destroyed by battle this  turn  at the end of the Battle Phase, but during his next  Standby Phase , he will take 1000  damage  for each one he still controls. The Battle Phase ends and Declan Special Summons "Genghis" (2000/1500), "Alexander" (2500/2000) and "Caesar" (2400/1200), all in Attack Position. The effect of "Mufflerlion" expires ("Odd-Eyes": 2700 → 2500/2000). Declan activates his face-down " D/D/D Human Resources ", letting him  return  three " D/D/D " monsters to his  Deck  and  add  two " D/D " monsters from his Deck to his hand. He returns "Genghis", Alexander" and "Caesar" to his  Extra Deck  and adds " D/D Savant Kepler " and " D/D Savant Galilei ". Yuya Sets 1 card.
 Turn 5: Declan 
Declan activates "Galilei" (   1) and "Kepler" (   10) in his Pendulum Zones. Declan Pendulum Summons three " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon " (3000/1000 each), all from his hand in Attack Position. The first "Armageddon" attacks "Odd-Eyes", but Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Miracle ", halving the battle damage and preventing "Odd-Eyes" from being destroyed by battle (Yuya: 3300 → 3050 LP). Another "Armageddon" attacks and destroys "Odd-Eyes" (Yuya: 3050 → 2550 LP), which is sent to the Extra Deck. The last "Armageddon" attacks and destroys "Mufflerlion" (Yuya: 2550 → 350 LP), which is sent to the Extra Deck. Declan Sets 1 card.
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Performapal Partnaga ". He Pendulum Summons "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Performapal Fire Mufflerlion" from his Extra Deck and "Partnaga" (500/2100) from his hand, all in Attack Position. The effect of "Partnaga" activates upon its Summon, allowing Yuya to target a monster he controls and increase its ATK by 300 for each " Performapal " monster he controls. Yuya targets "Odd-Eyes" ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 3100/2000). At this point, Yuya envisions a plan to win the Duel: he can attack and destroy an "Armageddon" with "Odd-Eyes"; then he can use the effect of "Mufflerlion" to give "Odd-Eyes" 3300 ATK and allow it to attack and destroy another "Armageddon", reducing Declan's LP to 1500; then he can activate his face-down " One Two Jump " as "Odd-Eyes" has destroyed two monsters this turn, which will halve the ATK of Declan's third "Armageddon" and allow "Odd-Eyes" to attack it for 3600 damage. "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys an "Armageddon" (Declan: 2300 → 2100 LP), which is sent to the Extra Deck. The effects of both remaining "Armageddons" activate; since a monster Declan controls  left the field , they each gain ATK equal to the  original ATK  of that monster until the end of the turn ("Armageddons": 3000 → 6000/1000 each). At the end of the turn, the effects of both "Armageddons" expire ("Armageddons": 6000 → 3000/1000 each).
 Turn 7: Declan 
During Declan's Standby Phase, "Galilei" and "Kepler" appear to malfunction in their Pendulum Zones, and their Pendulum Effects appear on their cards: "Galilei" doubles its  Pendulum Scale  ("Galilei":    1 → 2) and sends to the Graveyard all Pendulum Summoned monsters he controls whose Levels are lower than its Scale, while "Kepler" reduces its Pendulum Scale by 5 ("Kepler":    10 → 5) and sends to the Graveyard all Pendulum Summoned monsters he controls whose Levels are higher then its Scale. Since the Levels of the "Armageddons" are higher than the Scale of "Kepler", they are sent to the Graveyard. [Notes 1] 
 At this point, Declan is called away so he  surrenders .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Fire Mufflerlion 
 Performapal Partnaga 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hippo Carnival 
 Traps 
 One Two Jump 
 
 Declan Akaba Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Savant Galilei 
 D/D Savant Kepler 
 D/D/D Doom King Armageddon  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 D/D/D Flame King Genghis 
 Synchro Monsters 
 D/D/D Gust King Alexander 
 Xyz Monsters 
 D/D/D Wave King Caesar Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 D/D/D Human Resources 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acrobatic Circus 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Miracle 
 Wonder Chance 
 
 Yuya's strategies Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Savant Galilei 
 D/D Savant Kepler 
 D/D/D Doom King Armageddon  x3 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acrobatic Circus 
 Traps 
 One Two Jump 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Un duel plein de surprises
 
 
  German 
 Seltsame Dimensionen (2)
 
 
  Italian 
 Sorpresa al circo
 
 
  Korean 
 마도현자 갈릴레이, 케플러
 
 
  Thai 
 ปราชญ์แห่งเวทย์มนต์ กาลิเล่ เคปเลอร์
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 Lianne Marrie Dobbs 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Nakajima 
 
 Yūki Hayashi 
 
 Claude 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written Japanese anime lore of " D/D Savant Kepler " states that  monsters  whose  Levels  are  lower  than the  Pendulum Scale  of "Kepler" are affected. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/ArcV_013.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140706145654', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes