Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kite_Tenjo_(Duel_Links)


 
 Kite Tenjo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Kite Tenjo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 天城カイト 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Christopher Kromer 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kōki Uchiyama 
 
 
 
 Kite Tenjo  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Kite Tenjo , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on December 18th, 2020. He appears in the event  Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo! , where he was made obtainable on January 26, 2021, and by completing Challenge 4 on January 28, 2021.
 White Gate Keys are required to duel Kite at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 4   Opponent 
 
 4.1   Level 10 
 
 
 5   Level 20 
 6   Level 30 
 7   Level 40 
 
 7.1   Tag Duel Tournament 
 7.2   Tag Duel Tournament (fifteenth) 
 7.3   Special Event 
 
 
 8   Level-Up Rewards 
 9   Duel Rewards 
 10   Skills 
 11   Dialogue 
 
 11.1   Character-specific 
 
 11.1.1   Yuma and Astral 
 11.1.2   Quattro 
 
 
 11.2   Card-specific 
 
 11.2.1   Monsters 
 11.2.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 12   Unused Dialogue 
 
 12.1   Monsters 
 12.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 13   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 While  Yuma  collected  Numbers , Kite hunted down Numbers as a Number Hunter. Their different approaches eventually led to their clash. Though Kite sees Astral as a worthy rival, Kite sees Yuma as just another obstacle to overcome. His ace monster is " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ". 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat 
 Decks 
 
 Kite Tenjo Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fiend Reflection 2  x3 
 Mega Thunderball  x3 
 Moon Envoy  x3 
 Prisman  x3 
 Wattkid  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Dark-Piercing Light  x2 
 Photon Booster 
 Stop Defense 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Number Hunter Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Prisman  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Photon Circle  x3 
 Photon Lizard  x3 
 Photon Satellite  x3 
 Plasma Ball  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Galaxy Wave  x2 
 Overlay Regen 
 Photon Veil 
 Xyz Double Back 
 Level 20 
 
 I'm Here to Hunt You Down Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy Mirror Sage 
 Galaxy Worm  x3 
 Lightserpent  x3 
 Photon Leo 
 Photon Lizard  x2 
 Photon Sabre Tiger  x2 
 Photon Satellite  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Galaxy Storm 
 Galaxy Wave 
 Message in a Bottle 
 Overlay Regen 
 Photon Veil 
 Xyz Double Back 
 Level 30 
 
 A Cosmic Scourge Descends! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy Dragon 
 Galaxy Soldier 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Goddess with the Third Eye 
 Photon Cerberus  x2 
 Photon Chargeman 
 Photon Pirate 
 Photon Lizard 
 Photon Wyvern 
 Reverse Buster  x2 
 Shining Angel  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Twin Photon Lizard  x2 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Accellight 
 Photon Lead 
 Photon Sanctuary 
 Photon Trident 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Descend, My Soul! Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Daybreaker  x3 
 Galaxy Knight 
 Galaxy Soldier 
 Galaxy Wizard  x2 
 Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon  x2 
 Kuriphoton 
 Numeral Hunter 
 Photon Thrasher  x3 
 Photon Vanisher Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Accellight 
 Galaxy Expedition 
 Galaxy Zero 
 Photon Sanctuary 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 You Know What To Do, Orbital! Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Daybreaker  x3 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Photon Advancer 
 Photon Cerberus 
 Photon Chargeman 
 Photon Crusher 
 Photon Leo 
 Photon Orbital 
 Photon Sabre Tiger 
 Photon Slasher 
 Photon Thrasher 
 Photon Vanisher 
 Reverse Buster Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 Starliege Paladynamo Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Accellight 
 Galaxy Zero 
 Photon Sanctuary 
 Photon Trident 
 Xyz Double Back 
 Tag Duel Tournament (fifteenth) 
 Skill: "Photon Lord's Expedition" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play 1 "Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. Then, select 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" in your hand, Deck, or Graveyard and attach it to "Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord" as an Xyz Material. This Skill can only be applied once per Duel.)
 
 
 The Hunter Tag Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon  x2 
 Galaxy Wizard  x3 
 Photon Orbital  x3 
 Photon Vanisher  x3 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon 
 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Starliege Lord Galaxion 
 Starliege Paladynamo 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord Spells  (8) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Accellight 
 Galaxy Cyclone  x2 
 Galaxy Expedition  x3 
 Galaxy Zero  x2 
 Traps 
 Eternal Galaxy 
 Special Event 
 
 Ready to Get Defeated? Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Photon Advancer  x2 
 Photon Orbital  x2 
 Photon Vanisher  x3 
 Photon Crusher  x2 
 Photon Lizard  x3 
 Photon Chargeman Extra Deck  (6) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon  x2 
 Starliege Lord Galaxion 
 Starliege Paladynamo 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Photon Stream of Destruction 
 Book of Moon  x2 
 Galaxy Cyclone 
 Traps 
 Eternal Galaxy  x2 
 Level-Up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Kite reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Photon Chargeman "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Kite Tenjo)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Photon Slasher "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Kite Tenjo)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Photon Stream of Destruction "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Starliege Lord Galaxion "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Numbers' Rule ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Photon Chargeman "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Photon Slasher "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Photon Stream of Destruction "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Galaxy Photon ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Photon Chargeman "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Photon Slasher "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Photon Stream of Destruction "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Kite Tenjo)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Starliege Lord Galaxion "
 
 
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Kite, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Number 10: Illumiknight "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Number 34: Terror-Byte "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Photon Advancer "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Number 20: Giga-Brilliant "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Photon Crusher "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Reverse Buster "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Goddess with the Third Eye "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Divine Dragon Ragnarok "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Photon Booster "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dark-Piercing Light "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Moon Envoy "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 A Cosmic Scourge: Galaxy-Eyes
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" to your Deck.
 Can be used if you control 2 or more monsters with 2000 ATK or higher. Return 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Numbers' Rule
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 "Number" monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle except by another "Number" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Galaxy Photon
 
 Return 1 "Galaxy" or "Photon" monster from your hand to your Deck and add 1 "Galaxy" or "Photon" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than LIGHT monsters.
This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Number Hunt
 
 Can only be used on your 4th turn at the beginning of the Main Phase. Remove 1 random "Number" monster in your opponent's Extra Deck and add 1 card with the same name to your Extra Deck. Then you lose Life Points equal to its Number x 30.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Ready to Get Defeated?
 
 Increase the ATK by 1000 of 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster ("Number" monsters excluded) you control that was Special Summoned this turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Shifting Up
 
 Can be used once per turn when you control 3 LIGHT monsters. Until the end of the turn, the Levels of all monsters you control become equal to the Level of the monster with the highest Level on your side of the field. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with an Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than Xyz Monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Xyz Galaxy
 
 Either of the following effects can be used once per turn by sending 1 "Galaxy" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard. Each effect can only be used once per Duel, and only if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 10 "Galaxy" cards and no monsters except for "Galaxy" or "Photon" monsters.
 Add 1 " Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord " from outside of your Deck to your Extra Deck. 
 Send 1 "Galaxy" card in your hand to the Graveyard. If you Xyz Summon a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster with 4000 or more ATK this turn, you can also Xyz Summon it by using "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" you control as the material, one time only. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Xyz Hunter
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of your opponent's Xyz Materials x 300.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 5 or higher monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random LIGHT monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field.
 The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Number Recovery
 
 Select 1 "Number" monster you control and recover your Life Points by its Number x 20. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Removal
 
 Send all Xyz Materials for 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuma and Astral , Kite announces "Yuma! Astral! I'll take you both on!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kite says "I'm not the type who'd lose to an amateur like you, Yuma!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kite says "Yuma, you never cease to amaze me." followed by "No matter how many times you fall, you always get back up." 
 Quattro 
 When Kite wins a duel against " Quattro ", he says "Quattro! Pay for your wrongs!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", he chants  "From the darkness of the universe comes a ray of hope!"  followed by  "The true embodiment of the light!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kite briefly appears, and he announces "Say hello to Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon, let 'em have it!" followed by "Photon Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Galaxy-Eyes's effect!" followed by "When Galaxy-Eyes battles, I banish both of our monsters!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", he chants  "The galaxy thirsts for revenge! I Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kite briefly appears, and he announces "Rank 8 Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon!" followed by "Cipher Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Cipher Dragon's effect!" followed by "Cipher Projection!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kite briefly appears, and he announces "Come on out, Rank 9 Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Blade Dragon attacks!" Cipher Stream of Extermination!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to play Cipher Blade Dragon's effect!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Cipher Blade Dragon is destroyed, it's effect activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon ", he chants  "The radiance of the solar system guides me to a new world! Armored Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kite briefly appears, and he announces "The new embodiment of pure light! Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon attacks!" followed by "Photon Stream of Devastation!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon's effect!" followed by "It changes it's Equip Cards into Overlay Units!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Photon Dragon uses an Overlay Unit to get rid of a card!" followed by "Galaxy Sidewinder!" 
 When Kite Summons " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", he chants  "The universe coalesces into the light of chaos!" "Emerge before me!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kite briefly appears, and he announces "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!!!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon, attack!" followed by "Ultimate Photon Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Neo Galaxy-Eyes negates the effects of all other cards!" followed by "Photon Howling!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Neo Galaxy-Eyes's second effect activates!" followed by "It uses 1 Overlay Unit to absorb all your Overlay Units!" followed by "That raises it's ATK and the number of times it can attack!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 46: Dragluon ", he chants  "The golden dragon manifests from thunder and lightning!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kite's face briefly appears, and he announces "Number 46: Dragluon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take the full brunt of Dragluon's power!" followed by "Emerald Fire Strike!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since I have no other monsters, Dragluon's effect activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Orbital 7 ", a cut-in frame of Kite's face briefly appears, and he announces "You're up, Orbital 7!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Orbital 7!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "You know what to do, Orbital 7!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Battle mode, Orbital 7!" 
 When Kite activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "I tribute Orbital 7 to activate it's effect! You served your role well." 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Orbital ", a cut-in frame of Kite's face briefly appears, and he announces "Get moving, Photon Orbital!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Make yourself useful Orbital!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Orbital... sacrifice yourself for me and Hart." 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Your friend's calling you Orbital, so come on out!" 
 When Kite Summons " Cipher Etranger ", he announces "Cipher Etranger!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cipher Etranger attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Cipher Etranger's effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Cipher Etranger's activates its effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Kite Summons " Cipher Mirror Knight ", he announces "Cipher Mirror Knight!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Cipher Mirror Knight!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cipher Mirror Knight's effect activates from my hand!" 
 When Kite Summons " Cipher Twin Raptor ", he announces "Cipher Twin Raptor!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cipher Twin Raptor attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to activate Cipher Twin Raptor's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Cipher Wing ", he announces "Cipher Wing!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Cipher Wing!" 
 When Kite Summons " Daybreaker ", he announces "Daybreaker, rise!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "End 'em Daybreaker!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I Special Summon this card, I can Summon another copy!" 
 When Kite Summons " Dimension Wanderer ", he announces "Go! Dimension Wanderer!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Dimension Wanderer!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dimension Wanderer's effect from my hand!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Dragon ", he announces "Appear, Galaxy Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Galaxy Dragon!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Knight ", he announces "Let's go, Galaxy Knight!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Galaxy Knight!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I didn't Tribute Summon my Knight, so it's effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since my Knight went to the Graveyard, it's effect activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Mirror Sage ", he announces "Come on out, Galaxy Mirror Sage!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy Mirror Sage attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy Mirror Sage's Flip effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Galaxy Mirror Sage is destroyed, it's effect activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Tyranno ", he announces "Here comes Galaxy Tyranno!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy Tyranno! Stomp 'em!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Galaxy Tyranno's effect from my hand!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "If Tyranno Special Summons itself, another effect activates! It can Xyz Summon a Galaxy Xyz Monster!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Wizard ", he announces "Come out, Galaxy Wizard!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy Wizard attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy Wizard's effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I tribute Galaxy Wizard to activate it's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon ", he announces "Here's Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon's effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Kite Summons " Kuriphoton ", he announces "Here comes Kuriphoton!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kuriphoton, attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I send Kuriphoton to the GY to activate its effect!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kuriphoton's effect activates from my GY!" 
 When Kite Summons " Lillybot ", he announces "Lillybot's here to help!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take out the trash, Lillybot! 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lillybot... you're a million times more useful than Orbital 7!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 9: Dyson Sphere ", he chants  "I will crush any hope for your future!"  Afterwards, he announces "Come out! Number 9: Dyson Sphere!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he says "Dyson Sphere rains down the destruction!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "If Dyson Sphere has an Overlay Unit, it can stop an attack!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Dyson Sphere's effect activates!" followed by "Two monsters in my Graveyard become it's Overlay Unit!" 
 When Kite activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Dyson Sphere uses an Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" followed by "It can now attack your directly this turn!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 10: Illumiknight ", he announces "Let's go! Number 10: Illumiknight!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Illumiknight!" followed by "Shimmering Sword Slash!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Illumiknight uses an Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 20: Giga-Brilliant ", he announces "Appear, Number 20: Giga-Brilliant!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Giga-Brilliant! 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Giga-Brilliant's effect activates! For just 1 Overlay Unit, all my face-up monsters gain ATK!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction ", he chants  "Number 30 is here to melt everything out of existence!"  Afterwards, he announces "Acid Golem of Destruction!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Acid Golem's strength is beyond your imagining!" followed by "Acid Splash!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he says "During my Standby Phase, Acid Golem loves to make me suffer!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 56: Gold Rat ", he announces "Let's go, Number 56: Gold Rat!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gold Rat! Attack!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Gold Rat's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord ", he announces "Appear, Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord uses an Overlay Unit! It negates your monster's effect!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord activates it's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Overlay Booster ", he announces "Come on out, Overlay Booster!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Overlay Booster attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Overlay Booster from the Grave to play its effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Overlay Sentinel ", he announces "I Summon Overlay Sentinel!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Overlay Sentinel attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Overlay Sentinel is Summoned, it switches to Defense!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Overlay Sentinel from the Grave to use its effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Paladin of Photon Dragon ", he announces "Paladin of Photon Dragon, soar to the sky!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Paladin of Photon Dragon, attack!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Paladin of Photon Dragon's effect! I tribute this card to Special Summon Galaxy-Eyes!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When my Paladin destroys a monster in battle, I draw a card!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Advancer ", he announces "Go, Photon Advancer!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Photon Advancer!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Caesar ", he announces "Let's go, Photon Caesar!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Caesar, slash!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I Summon this card, I can Special Summon another one!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Cerberus ", he announces "Check out Photon Cerberus!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Cerberus, attack!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Chargeman ", he announces "Here's Photon Chargeman!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Photon Chargeman!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Photon Chargeman activates its effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Circle ", he announces "Here's Photon Circle!
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Photon Circle!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Crusher ", he announces "Come on out, Photon Crusher!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Smash 'em, Photon Crusher!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Leo ", he announces "Photon Leo, roar!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Photon Leo!" followed by "Silver Fang!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Photon Leo activates it's effect!" followed by "Howling Blow!" Afterwards, he announces "Now you have to start your strategy all over again!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Lizard ", he announces "Go, Photon Lizard!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Lizard attacks!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Photon Lizard's effect! 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Pirate ", he announces "Let's go, Photon Pirate!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Pirate, strike 'em down!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish a Photon from my Grave to use my Pirate's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Sabre Tiger ", he announces "Go! Photon Sabre Tiger!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Photon Sabre Tiger!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Photon Sabre Tiger is Summoned, it can use it's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Satellite ", he announces "Soar into space, Photon Satellite!
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Satellite, fire!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Photon Satellite's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Slasher ", he announces "Go, Photon Slasher!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Photon Slasher, attack!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Thrasher ", he announces "I Special Summon Photon Thrasher!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Feel Photon Thrasher's blade!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Vanisher ", he announces "Join me, Photon Vanisher!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em, Photon Vanisher!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Photon Vanisher lets me acquire Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!" 
 When Kite Summons " Photon Wyvern ", he announces "Photon Wyvern, fly!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Swoop 'em up, Photon Wyvern!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I Summon Photon Wyvern, your Set cards are destroyed!" 
 When Kite Summons " Reverse Buster ", he announces "I'll render your face-down cards useless!" followed by "Come on out, Reverse Buster!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "When this card attacks, you can't activate Spells or Traps!" followed by "Go Reverse Buster!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Reverse Buster destroys your face-down monster!" 
 When Kite Summons " Starliege Lord Galaxion ", he announces "Rise up, Starliege Lord Galaxion!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strike 'em down, Starliege Lord Galaxion!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I can use Galaxion's Overlay Units to energize it's effects!" 
 When Kite Summons " Starliege Paladynamo ", he announces "Rise, Starliege Paladynamo!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he says "Starliege Paladynamo! Take 'em out!" followed by "Photon Dividing!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Paladynamo uses 2 Overlay Units to activate its effect!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Paladynamo is destroyed, I draw a card!" 
 When Kite Summons " Twin Photon Lizard ", he announces "Twin Photon Lizard, appear!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Twin Photon Lizard!" followed by "Photon Force!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Twin Photon Lizard's effect activates!" followed by "It splits apart into the monsters I fused together!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Kite activates " Accellight ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Accellight!" followed by "It Summons a Level 4 or lower Photon or Galaxy monster!" 
 When Kite activates " Book of Moon ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Book of Moon!" followed by "It switches a face-up monster to face-down Defense Position!" 
 When Kite activates " Cipher Bit ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cipher Bit!" 
 When Kite activates " Cipher Spectrum ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cipher Spectrum!" 
 When Kite activates " Double Cipher ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Double Cipher!" 
 When Kite activates " Double Dragon Descent ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Double Dragon Descent!" followed by "Your attack switches to the Dragon that I Special Summoned!" 
 When Kite activates " Eternal Galaxy ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Eternal Galaxy!" 
 When Kite activates " Galaxy Expedition ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Galaxy Expedition!" followed by "It Special Summons a Photon or Galaxy monster from my deck!" 
 When Kite activates " Galaxy Storm ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Galaxy Storm!" followed by "I destroy an Xyz Monster that has no Overlay Units!" 
 When Kite activates " Galaxy Wave ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Galaxy Wave!" "Every time I Xyz Summon, this card deals you damage!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kite announces "Galaxy Wave's effect activates! Take this damage!" 
 When Kite activates " Galaxy Zero ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Galaxy Zero!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kite announces "When this card's gone, the equipped monsters ATK dip to 0!" 
 When Kite activates " Lumenize ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Lumenize!" 
 When Kite activates " Luminous Dragon Ritual ", he announces "I activate the Ritual Spell, Luminous Dragon Ritual!" 
 When Kite activates " Message in a Bottle ", he announces "This will decide my fate! I activate Message in a Bottle!" followed by "I revive 3 monsters with different Levels from my Graveyard!" 
 When Kite activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Monster Reborn!" 
 When Kite activates " Overlay Regen ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Overlay Regen!" 
 When Kite activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Booster ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Photon Booster!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Current ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Photon Current!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Hand ", he announces "Prepare to be hunted! I activate the Spell Card, Photon Hand!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Lead ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Photon Lead!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Stream of Destruction ", he announces "I banish one card in play to activate my Quick-Play Spell, Photon Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Trident ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Photon Trident!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kite announces "Since you took damage, Photon Trident nukes a Spell or Trap!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Veil ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Photon Veil!" 
 When Kite activates " Xyz Double Back ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Xyz Double Back!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Brave ", he announces "Join the Duel, Galaxy Brave!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slash, Galaxy Brave!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By showing you a Photon monster, I can Special Summon this!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Brave's ATK and DEF become the same as the monster I choose!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Cleric ", he announces "Let's go, Galaxy Cleric!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Galaxy Cleric!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Galaxy Cleric's effect from my hand!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Galaxy Cleric's effect activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Soldier ", he announces "Appear, Galaxy Soldier!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy Soldier! Knock 'em out!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I send a LIGHT monster to the Graveyard to Summon this card!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Special Summoning Galaxy Soldier, it's effect activates! 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy Worm ", he announces "Show yourself, Galaxy Worm!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy Worm! 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I Summon Galaxy Worm, I can activate it's effect!" 
 When Kite Summons " Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon ", he announces "Go! Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Galaxy-Eyes Afterglow Dragon attacks!" followed by "Photon Stream of Illumination!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Galaxy-Eyes is on my field, I can Special Summon THIS!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Afterglow Dragon's no longer an Overlay Unit, so watch THIS!" 
 When Kite Summons " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", he chants  "The light in the darkness shines a path to the future! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution!"  Afterwards, he announces "Make yourself known, Rank 9 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he says "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon! Attack!" followed by "Cipher Stream of Annihilation!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he says "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Cipher Super Projection!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 13: Embodiment of Crime ", he announces "Feast your eyes on Number 13: Embodiment of Crime!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Embodiment of Crime, attack!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Embodiment of Crime uses 1 Overlay Unit to wield it's effect!" followed by "It forces all your monsters to attack it!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy ", he chants  "The myriads of hope in my mind merge into one!"  followed by  "I Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, he announces "Witness Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy!" followed by "Titanic Burst of Destruction!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When a Spell activates, Titanic Galaxy can use it's effect!" followed by "Scale Storm of Annihilation!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Titanic Galaxy's effect activates!" followed by "It uses 1 Overlay Unit to redirect your attack!" 
 When Kite activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Titanic Galaxy's effect now activates!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon ", he chants  "Show yourself, Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon!"  followed by  "Unite the dragons that live between light and dark!"  Afterwards, he announces "This is the Number I wield! Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he says "Go, Prime Photon Dragon!" followed by "Eternity Photon Stream!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he says "I use 1 Overlay Unit to play Prime Photon Dragon's effect!" followed by "It gains ATK for every Rank that's currently in play!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Prime Photon Dragon controls the future, so it returns to play on my 2nd turn!" 
 When Kite Summons " Number 95: Galaxy-Eyes Dark Matter Dragon ", he announces "Go, Number 95: Galaxy-Eyes Dark Matter Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Galaxy-Eyes Dark Matter Dragon attacks!" followed by "Photon Stream of Devastation!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "If Dark Matter Dragon is Xyz Summoned, its effect activates!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I use one of Dark Matter Dragon's Overlay Units! It can now attack twice this turn!" 
 When Kite Summons " Numeral Hunter ", he announces "Numeral Hunter will illuminate the shadows in your soul!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Numeral Hunter, attack!" 
 When Kite activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Get these Numbers out of my sight! 
 When Kite Summons " Starliege Photon Blast Dragon ", he announces "Soar! Starliege Photon Blast Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kite declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Finish 'em, Photon Blast Dragon!" 
 When Kite activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "My Blast Dragon's effect activates when it's Xyz Summoned!" 
 When Kite activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Photon Blast Dragon uses 1 Overlay Unit to power it's effect!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Kite activates " Eternal Bond ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Eternal Bond!" "It resurrects Photon monsters by negating their effects!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kite announces "I banish Eternal Bond from my Graveyard to use it's effect!" followed by "I gain control of one Photon monster!" 
 When Kite activates " Galaxy Trance ", he announces "I pay my Life Points to activate the Spell Card, Galaxy Trance!" 
 When Kite activates " Hyper Galaxy ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Hyper Galaxy!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Change ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Photon Change!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kite announces "I send a monster to the Graveyard to activate Photon Change!" 
 When Kite activates " Photon Sanctuary ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Photon Sanctuary!" "I Special Summon two Photon Tokens!" 
 When Kite activates " Rank-Up-Magic Cipher Ascension ", he announces "I activate Rank-Up Magic Cipher Ascension!" 
 Trivia 
 Kite also has dialogue with Possessed Duelists, characters that are possessed by  Numbers .
 When he starts a Duel with a Possessed Duelist, he says "I'll hunt your Number, along with your soul!" or "You cause nothing but chaos!" followed by "That is why I will hunt you down!"
 When he wins, he says "Another Number hunted." 
 When he loses, he says "Forgive me, Hart..." or "As long as you have a Number... I will hunt you down!" 
 Initially, Kite Tenjo did not have a 3D cutscene for " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ". But as of January 24, 2021, the cutscene for "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" has been made available when Summoned by Kite Tenjo. 
 In the leaked dialogue files, Kite Tenjo has recorded voice lines for  Quinton ,  Mizar , Yuma (by himself) and  Astral  (by himself).
 Quinton;
 Start: "Quinton, you've taught me everything you know, but I know more!" 
 Win: "I've always hoped to reach your level, and I finally have." or "Today is the day, that the student overcame his master." 
 Lose: "Quinton - I mean, Christopher - I will defeat you someday". 
 Mizar;
 Start: "There can only be one Galaxy-Eyes Master... and that's me!" or "Mizar, your time ends now!" 
 Win: "A single card known as Galaxy-Eyes brought me this far!" 
 Lose: "If we ever meet again Mizar, maybe you can tell me why you're acting like this." or "Go and do what you think is right, Mizar." 
 Yuma:
 Start: "I can tell you improved your skills, Yuma. But how much?" 
 Win: "If you keep coming back, I'll keep defeating you." 
 Astral:
 Start: "You're the only foe that's worthy of crushing, Astral!" 
 Win: "I know all your strategies, Astral." 
 Lose: "Impressive as always, Astral." 
 In the same files mentioned above, Kite also has recorded lines with Yuma and Astral, but apart from each other. This may imply that there will be two separate entities of both characters in the future of Duel Links. 
 Kite erroneously refers to " Galaxy Wave " as a Continuous Trap, when it is a Continuous Spell. 
 Yuma and Astral ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki , Kite Tenjo,  Crow Hogan ,  Jack Atlas ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Leo ,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Aigami, Yusei Fudo, Tetsu Trudge, and Kite Tenjo are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  and  Xyz . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/KiteTenjo-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/291?cb=20201217171305', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Profile-DULI-KiteTenjo.png/revision/latest?cb=20201215172141', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/CutIn-DULI-KiteTenjo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201215171242', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Summoning-DULI-KiteTenjo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201215171741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/Defeat-DULI-KiteTenjo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201215171421', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters