Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Spellbook_of_Life

The  Croatian, Portuguese  and  Thai                      names given are not official.  
 The  Chinese  and  Portuguese               lores given are not official.  
 
 This card's written lore in the Chinese has not yet been transcribed; if you are able to read Chinese, please help out by adding an accurate Chinese lore from  this image  to this page. The current Chinese lore listed here is only a reconstruction and may not be fully correct.     
 
 
 
 
 
 Spellbook of Life ネクロの 魔 導 書 
 
 English 
Spellbook of Life 
 Chinese 
 降神魔導書 Check translation 
 French 
 Livre de Magie de la Vie Check translation 
 German 
 Magiebuch des Lebens Check translation 
 Italian 
 Libro di Magia della Vita Check translation 
 Korean 
 네크로의 마도서 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Livros de Magia da Vida Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Libro de Magia de la Vida Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ネクロのまどうしょ Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 ネクロの魔導書 Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Nekuro no Madōsho 
 Japanese (translated) 
Spellbook of Necro 
 Card type 
 Spell   
 Property 
 Equip   
 Passcode 
 52628687 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Cost 
 Effect 
 Continuous-like 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Banish  1  Spellcaster - Type   monster  from your  Graveyard  and  reveal  1 other " Spellbook "  Spell Card  in your hand to  target  1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard;  Special Summon  that target in  face-up   Attack Position  and  equip  it with this card. The equipped monster's  Level  is increased by the Level of the monster that was banished for this card's  activation . You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Life" per  turn . 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Bannissez 1 monstre de Type Magicien depuis votre Cimetière et révélez 1 autre Carte Magie "Livre de Magie" dans votre main pour cibler 1 monstre de Type Magicien dans votre Cimetière ; Invoquez Spécialement la cible en Position d'Attaque face recto et équipez-la avec cette carte. Le Niveau du monstre équipé est augmenté du Niveau du monstre qui a été banni pour l'activation de cette carte. Vous ne pouvez activer qu'1 "Livre de Magie de la Vie" par tour. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Verbanne 1 Monster vom Typ Hexer von deinem Friedhof und zeige 1 andere „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarte in deiner Hand vor, um 1 Monster vom Typ Hexer in deinem Friedhof zu wählen; beschwöre das gewählte Ziel als Spezialbeschwörung in die offene Angriffsposition und rüste es mit dieser Karte aus. Die Stufe des ausgerüsteten Monsters wird um die Stufe des Monsters erhöht, das verbannt wurde, um diese Karte zu aktivieren. Du kannst nur 1 „Magiebuch des Lebens“ pro Spielzug aktivieren. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Bandisci 1 mostro di Tipo Incantatore dal tuo Cimitero e rivela 1 altra Carta Magia "Libro di Magia" nella tua mano per scegliere come bersaglio 1 mostro di Tipo Incantatore nel tuo Cimitero; Evoca Specialmente quel bersaglio scoperto in Posizione di Attacco e equipaggialo con questa carta. Il Livello del mostro equipaggiato aumenta del Livello del mostro che è stato bandito per l'attivazione di questa carta. Puoi attivare solo 1 "Libro di Magia della Vita" per turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Bana 1 monstro Spellcaster do seu Cemitério e revele 1 Carta Mágica "Spellbook" da sua mão para selecionar 1 monstro Spellcaster do seu Cemitério; invoque por Invocação-Especial o monstro selecionado em Posição de Ataque virado para cima e equipe o monstro selecionado nesta carta. O Nível do monstro equipado é somado com o Nível do monstro que foi banido pela ativação desta carta. Você pode somente ativar 1 "Spellbook of Life" por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Destierra 1 monstruo de Tipo Lanzador de Conjuros en tu Cementerio y muestra otra Carta Mágica "Libro de Magia" en tu mano para seleccionar 1 monstruo de Tipo Lanzador de Conjuros en tu Cementerio; Invoca ese objetivo de Modo Especial en Posición de Ataque boca arriba y equípalo con esta carta. Aumenta el Nivel del monstruo equipado en tantos Niveles como el Nivel del monstruo que fue desterrado para activar esta carta. Sólo puedes activar 1 "Libro de Magia de la Vida" por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 自分の墓地の魔法使い族モンスター１体をゲームから除外し、このカード以外の手札の「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カード１枚を相手に見せて発動できる。自分の墓地の魔法使い族モンスター１体を選択して表側攻撃表示で特殊召喚し、このカードを装備する。また、装備モンスターのレベルは、このカードを発動するために除外した魔法使い族モンスターのレベル分だけ上がる。「ネクロの魔導書」は１ターンに１枚しか発動できない。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Chinese 
 
 
 将自己墓地中的一只魔法师族怪兽除外，并且将自己手卡中的此卡以外的名字中带有【魔导书】的魔法卡给对方看，然后将自己墓地中一只魔法师族怪兽以正面攻击表示的形式特殊召唤上场，并且装备此卡。通过此效果特殊召唤的怪兽的等级上升[除外的怪兽的等级]的数值。【涅库洛的魔导书】1回合只能使用1张。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 자신 묘지의 마법사족 몬스터 1장을 게임에서 제외하고, 이 카드 이외의 패의 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드 1장을 상대에게 보여주고 발동할 수 있다. 자신 묘지의 마법사족 몬스터 1장을 선택하고 앞면 공격 표시로 특수 소환하여 이 카드를 장착한다. 또한, 장착 몬스터의 레벨은, 이 카드를 발동하기 위해 제외한 마법사족 몬스터의 레벨만큼 올린다. "네크로의 마도서"는 1턴에 1장밖에 발동할 수 없다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2012-08-24 REDU-EN059 Return of the Duelist Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-FR059 Return of the Duelist Le Retour du Duelliste Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-DE059 Return of the Duelist Return of the Duelist Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-IT059 Return of the Duelist Il Ritorno del Duellante Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-SP059 Return of the Duelist El Regreso del Duelista Super Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2012-04-14 REDU-JP059 Return of the Duelist ＲＥＴＵＲＮ ＯＦ ＴＨＥ ＤＵＥＬＩＳＴ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Traditional Chinese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Traditional Chinese name Rarity June 6, 2015 REDU-TC059 Return of the Duelist 決闘者歸來 Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2012-06-25 REDU-KR059 Return of the Duelist 리턴 오브 더 듀얼리스트 Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Supports   
 Spellcaster 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Spellbook 
 Prophecy 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Spellbook 
 
 Actions  
 Reveals your hand for cost 
 Equips self from field 
 
 Stat changes  
 Equipped gains Levels 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Special Summons from your Graveyard 
 Equips to Summoned monster 
 
 Banished  categories  
 Banishes from Graveyard for cost 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Limited activations 
 Female 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 10189 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Prophecy " 「 魔 導 」 Members 
 Amores of Prophecy Ancient Sorcerer Apprentice Illusion Magician Armor Exe Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior Breaker the Magical Warrior Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer D/D Savant Copernicus D/D Savant Galilei D/D Savant Kepler D/D Savant Newton D/D Savant Nikola D/D Savant Thomas Dark Cavalry Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons The Dark Magicians Dark Paladin Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior Defender, the Magical Knight Ebon High Magician Ebon Illusion Magician Ebon Magician Curran Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Endymion, the Master Magician Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic The Fiend Megacyber Fool of Prophecy Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight Giltia the D. Knight Giltia the D. Knight - Soul Spear Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy The Illusory Gentleman Justice of Prophecy Magical Cavalry of Cxulub Magical Merchant Magical Scientist Master of Chaos Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Silent Paladin Skilled Brown Magician Skilled White Magician Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Stoic of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Supreme Arcanite Magician Temperance of Prophecy Testament of the Arcane Lords Time Wizard of Tomorrow Water Magician Wheel of Prophecy White Magician Pikeru World of Prophecy 
 Dark Magical Circle The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Mage Power Magical Contract Door Magical Mid-Breaker Field Mega Ton Magical Cannon Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 Support 
 Stoic of Prophecy 
 Related 
 Aleister the Invoker Aleister the Invoker of Madness Behegon Black Luster Soldier Buster Blader Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Gearfried the Iron Knight Guardian of the Labyrinth Marine Beast Princess Curran Princess Pikeru Protector of the Throne Red-Eyes Black Dragon Time Wizard 
 Trial of the Princesses 
 
   
" Spellbook " 「 魔 導 書 」 Members 
 Spellbook Magician of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master 
 Support 
 Amores of Prophecy Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Fool of Prophecy Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy Justice of Prophecy Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Temperance of Prophecy Wheel of Prophecy World of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of the Master 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/SpellbookofLife-REDU-EN-SR-UE.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131114142416', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/SPELL.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918121429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Card pages with a lore in need of transcription, Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards