Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Astral_(D_Team_ZEXAL).gif

For other versions of this character, see  Astral (disambiguation) .      
 For the  archetype  used by this character in the  manga , see  Astral (archetype) .      
 
 
 Astral 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Astral 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Dueling Ghost/Spirit [3] [4] /Ghost Duelist (dub) [5] The Invisible Duelist (dub) [6] Messenger/Emissary (of Astral World) [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] The Original  Number [8] [10] [12] [13] [14] Guardian Angel (by Yuma, dub) [15] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 アストラル 
 
 
 Arabic   
 آسترال 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Height 
 165 cm [2] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Yuma Tsukumo  (other half) [1] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Yuma's Deck Number [16] 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Miyu Irino 
 
 
 Italian  
 Federico Zanandrea 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Christian Velarde 
 
 
 
 Astral  (アストラル  Asutoraru ) is a being from the  Astral World  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  that serves as the deuteragonist of the series along with his partner and eventual friend  Yuma Tsukumo . He was sent to the  Human World  by  Eliphas  to destroy the  Barian World  in order to  Rank-Up  their world, but after  Kazuma Tsukumo  modified his programming, he was sent to Yuma instead.
 Upon arriving in Yuma's world, his memories were scattered in the form of 100 " Number " cards. While originally he only retained  one  of the "Numbers", he knew that when two or more "Numbers" confront in a  Duel , they will battle each other to consume one another, allowing Astral to absorb vanquished "Numbers" and recover pieces of his memories. Since pursuing the other 99 "Numbers", he and Yuma have retrieved all 100 pieces of Astral's memories, along with each respective "Number", with the addition of attaining eighteen Chaos Numbers plus a Rank-Up and Rank-Down version of " Number 39: Utopia ".
 Due to his amnesia, he forgot his mission which was entrusted to him.  Number 96  claimed that his mission is what all of the "Numbers" want - the destruction of the world, which horrified him. [12] [17]  Related to this is his mission is to obtain a powerful card known as the  Numeron Code  that can shape worlds, [18]  with the intent of destroying the  Barian World . [19] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.2   World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.3   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.3.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.3.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.3.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 2.3.3.1   The Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3   Non-canon appearances 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Relationships 
 
 5.1   Yuma Tsukumo 
 5.2   Kite Tenjo 
 5.3   Reginald Kastle 
 5.4   Numbers 
 
 
 6   Deck 
 
 6.1   Anime 
 6.2   Scripted Duels 
 
 6.2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! North American World Championship Qualifiers 2014 
 
 
 
 
 7   Duels 
 8   Numbers absorbed 
 
 8.1   Original Numbers 
 8.2   Utopia Evolved Forms 
 8.3   Number C 
 
 
 9   Observations 
 10   Trivia 
 11   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Astral Lineart.     
 Being an energy being of the Astral World, Astral has a transparent blue body with green markings and blue gems all over his body. He has blue hair that curls up in a Mohawk and pointed ears, which are pierced with dangling earrings. Astral also has heterochromic eyes, the left eye being luminous gold and the right a clear white. Astral's body is also very thin. In the English dub, Astral's lower body is sometimes blurred off to remove nudity implications.
 
         Astral's appearance.     
 In a flashback showing Astral's birth, he is briefly shown with both of his eyes being gold and the right side of his body being the same opaque blue as the left side normally is.
 When falling under the influence of Chaos, Astral develops a darker color scheme on the left half of his body, has a black outline on his outer body and emits a red aura.
 
 Personality 
 Although Astral has amnesia, he has a very intelligent and calm attitude when it comes to Dueling. Even in disastrous situations, he does not seem to lose his cool and can think of a strategy to get out of it. Outside this, arguably because of his memory loss and sudden arrival to another world, he is curious to the point of naivety, for matters as simple as eating, going to the bathroom, [20]  or knowing that TV shows are not real. [21]  His naivety would go to such extent so as to ask Yuma why "he needs to be alone" when Yuma's in the bathroom, to which he replies by saying that anyone who sees him in there would "die" (in the dub, Yuma says that that someone would turn into a "guinea pig") otherwise, a thing that Astral took literally. [20] 
 When he "discovers" things, he has an habit of saying "observation number one, two, three" (which used to annoy Yuma) and then speak the result of his analysis; the fact that he can successfully continue the counting throughout the series implies he has great memory. Astral's observations stopped after their first Duel with  Kite Tenjo , which left him quiet and depressed. [22]  However, after their Duel with  Fortuno , which restored his and Yuma's confidence, his observations returned. In the dub, this observation came with a "sub-observation" that he labelled #13-A. [23]  As Astral continues to learn about the human world, he showed great interest of feelings and friendship from observing Yuma and becoming more human in the process. During a Duel with  Vetrix , Yuma started to eat the rice balls that Tori gave him prior to the Duel which allowed Astral, who was fused with him to feel the sensation of eating for the first time. He felt incredibly energetic and lively by the taste of the rice balls, stating he wanted to eat "two, or three" more of them, while cheerfully saying that being Yuma has been fun in a rather comedic instance. [24] 
 Astral has a fear of cats, which he defended by claiming that he hadn't done any observations about them, [5]  but seems to gotten over it later on. [25]  After Dueling with  Kite Tenjo  for the first time, he developed a strong fear towards him, so he always tries to tell Yuma to run from Kite instead of fighting him, to the point of telling Yuma to forget his friends. He first denied that he was afraid of Kite, but later admitted. [26]  Later during the Duel with  Fortuno , Astral overcame his fear and decided to actually fight. After he and Yuma thought about their previous Duels, stating they came too far to lose now, Yuma called Astral his friend, restoring his fighting spirit. [23] 
 During their duels, Astral often says "The winning formula is complete" whenever he and Yuma are ready to make their comeback.
 Usually stoic and cool, Astral does not smile much, but he smiled for the first time when Yuma recognized him as his comrade. [23]  Afterwards, Astral begins to smile more often at Yuma since then and even cheered him on with his friends and family when he was trying to do his 20-stack challenge. [27]  He still retain his withdrawn nature and tendency to keep his most of thoughts to himself. When observing and learning things unknown and important to him, Astral will only voice speculations once he gathers more evident proof or when a problem presents itself, such as telling Yuma about the world inside the  Emperor's Key  only after gaining a handful of " Numbers " cards and learning of its origins. [8] 
 Later, Yuma pointed out that Astral was starting to act like him, more daring and willing to take risks, much to Astral's denial. [28] 
 
 Abilities 
 Astral is a Duelist of another universe who can only been seen by  Yuma Tsukumo  and those connected with the  Barian World ; he can also be seen by people exposed to energy derived from the  Astral World  or Barian World, which included the  Arclight Family 's power of the  crest . Others cannot see or hear him, which often leads them to think Yuma is talking alone. Astral is not a physical being, but is shown to be able to hold Duel Monster cards, though it is unknown if it's only the "Numbers" or any cards. However, Astral can be seen through photographs, although he only appears as a light blue haze. [29]  He is also capable of flight as he is always seen floating, and seems to not rely on things such as food to live. Although, Astral needs his current partner to have "Numbers" and will start dying if those "Numbers" are forcefully taken away or when Yuma is losing life points in a Duel with an opponent that has a "Number". [30]  Astral can only experience the sensation of taste when he and Yuma share a body in  ZEXAL  mode. [24] 
 Even with his loss of memory it has been shown that Astral is indeed a very skilled Duelist, a fact he himself recognizes despite his amnesia, and further demonstrates in how he has advised Yuma on his play, only for him to play the opposite of what Astral dictates and end with rather disastrous results. He also has vast knowledge of the game and most of its cards, like demonstrated in by how quickly he understood  Dextra 's combo and found its weakness as soon as they arrived  [31]  He also uses what he knows about a person to win Duels. An example is when how he used  Mr. Kay 's desire to win a perfect Duel to set up a situation that used his own desire against him. [6]  Astral showed good math skills during  Charlie McCay 's Duels being able to constantly calculate what were Charlie's chances of rolling 6 again whenever he rolled a dice. [32] 
 He shares his information on the " Numbers " with Yuma and is capable of somehow manipulating the "Numbers" cards, this is seen in two ways, one is that without Astral present Yuma is unable to play any "Numbers" for they do not appear on his  Extra Deck . [20]  The second is that as so far seen, Astral can pull a "Numbers" card out of a defeated opponent without direct contact, although it is unknown if this is also linked to a rather psychokinetic ability. Furthermore unlike those who use  Photon Hand , Astral seems to be the only who can extract the card itself without taking a possessed Duelist's soul, however he was unable to take  Trey 's "Number" due to the crest protecting him. [10] 
 He can take all "Numbers" a defeated opponent has in their Deck that were presented during the Duel. However, the "Numbers" that were not in their Deck are not taken, as shown when defeating  Fortuno , as Fortuno used 2 "Numbers" which were taken, but Fortuno's third was still left with him, kept in a box outside of his Deck. He also has some form of control over how "Numbers" behave in battle or can gain access to new "Number" cards at certain times. For example; after Yuma refuses to sacrifice him during the battle against Fortuno, Astral received a jolt of power from  Emperor's Key  and was able to provide Yuma with a new card, " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". This also made him visible to the others only during Yuma's Duel against Fortuno, but only visible enough for Yuma's friends to believe Astral is real. [23]  For some reason, Astral could not absorb  Alito 's "Number", which is most likely due to the fact that "Numbers" which have numerical values higher than 100 are not part of his memory. [33]  On top of that, Astral cannot absorb a "Number" that has been upgraded to " Number C ". According to  Number 96 , this is because Astral no longer has control over them. [34] 
 
         Astral's Duel Disk.     
 It has also been shown that Astral is able to make a  Duel Disk  appear around his arm, coming from the blue aura around him. It was shown multiple times that Astral is able to talk with Yuma telepathically. [35]  After  The Door  opened for  Yuma , he and Astral gained the power of  ZEXAL , which causes Yuma and Astral to merge their souls, leaving Yuma with most of the body's control. With this, Yuma/Astral wears a white spandex suit with red armor plating, his right eye becomes golden like Astral's left one, his hair turns gold and he gains a golden aura. They also earned the " ZW - " cards through " Shining Draw ", an ability relative to the denizens of  Astral World . [36] 
 Astral is shown to be able to see people's memories, as seen when he touched  Hart 's head to access his past memory, but this only seems to apply when he touches the person's head. [37] 
 
 Etymology 
 Astral means "of the stars", referring to Astral being from another world. Astral is also used to described things relating to a non-physical realm of existence.
 Some of Yuma's friends refer to him as 'Dueling Ghost', due to his Dueling skills and invisibility, while  Dr. Faker  and those who are associated with him, including the  Vetrix Family , refer to Astral as 'Original " Number "' (ナンバーズのオリジナル,  Nanbāzu no Orijinaru ) or 'Emissary from  Astral World '. Likewise, Astral himself has stated that he is the embodiment of the "Numbers". [38] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Astral  Dueling  against Don Thousand.     
 Eons ago, Astral engaged  Don Thousand  and won, sealing him into the  Barian Sea  in the  Barian World . [39]  Astral performed a Shining Draw that finally ended the battle, which seemed to destroy much of the Astral World in the process, and also split the original Astral World into Astral World and Barian World. Both Astral and Thousand screamed and were reduced to energy forms - one red and one blue. Those forms circled around the  Numeron Code  before vanishing. [40]  As a result of this battle, fragments of Astral's power were scattered across the Human World and designated the location of the Numeron Code. They took the form of 50 "Numbers", among them the seven  Mythyrian "Numbers" [41]  and the four "Gate of  Numeron " monsters. [42] 
 According to  Jinlon , this battle brought destruction to the Earth and it must never be allowed to happen again. [19]  During the battle, a shard of Thousand's essence was embedded inside of Astral when he battled him eons ago, creating  Number 96 . [43]  As part of the seal, the seven  Mythyrian Number  cards were placed in  ruins  across the  Human World . [44] [41] 
 Astral was sent from the  Astral World  to Earth to retrieve the Numeron Code - an all-powerful card that created reality and could decide fate - before the  Barians  do. [18]  However,  Kazuma Tsukumo , who came to the  Astral World , modified Astral's programmed algorithms and then sent him to Earth. [45] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
         Astral fighting on Yuma's side.     
 Travelling through  The Door , Astral appeared before  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Reginald Kastle  during their Duel, telling Yuma to stand up and win. [46]  When Yuma asked Astral who he was, Astral introduces himself and revealed his that he lost his memory when he arrived in this world, assuming that some kind of impact scattered his memories. Noticing the Duel, Astral tries to take over Yuma's Duel, stating that he has to win at all costs with Yuma complaining that it was his Duel. Astral tries to order Yuma around, intentionally or not, to gain the advantage against Shark. However, Yuma refuses to listen to Astral as he is taken down each turn. When Astral informs him that his own life fades as Yuma's Life Points decrease, Yuma takes Astral's advice and uses " Monster Reborn " to Special Summon " Gagaga Magician " from his Graveyard. Astral gifts Yuma with " Number 39: Utopia ", an Xyz Monster, stating that "Utopia" is the power he has entrusted to Yuma and that he must use it to win the Duel. With this card, Yuma made a comeback, and manages to pull off a win using it in a combo with " Double or Nothing! ". Astral then takes " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon " and finds out that, if he gathers all ninety-nine of the scattered " Numbers " cards, he will recover his memory. [15] 
 
         Astral and Yuma in a Duel against Mr. Kay.     
Since Yuma is the only person who can see Astral, which makes everyone believe Astral is a ghost, and that he can't leave Yuma's side, Astral begins to live at Yuma's house. While watching Yuma sleep, Astral thinks about the feeling that he has a very important mission to fulfill and that he's had suppose to take over Yuma's body in order to complete that mission. Astral then thinks that "Numbers" have the power to control humans, but Yuma was able to use the "Numbers" card to his fullest while he couldn't. Astral believed it was because Yuma had something and reaches towards him, only to be stuck into the  Emperor's Key  and find the world inside of it. While in the key, Astral explores the  Different Dimension Airship  and learns its construction is like a puzzle, which is made up of hundreds of gears marked with numbers that react with the "Number" cards that Astral absorbs, making them move and glow. Once Astral senses that Yuma is Dueling, he exited the Key to see that  Mr. Kay  is a  Number holder . [20]           Astral remember his home- the  Astral World .      During the Duel, Astral tries to instruct Yuma, but Yuma continues to disobey him. Eventually, Astral uses reverse psychology on Yuma so he can play the correct moves to win the the Duel. Once Astral gains " Number 34: Terror-Byte ", he remembers that is he is from the  Astral World  and his world is in great crisis. Astral has also determined that the "Numbers" amplify the emotions that their vessel already had, malicious or not. [6] 
 As Astral absorbs the " Numbers ", bits and pieces of his memories start to return, most of them incomplete. After gaining " Number 83: Galaxy Queen ", Astral remembers his birth, and that he may have had a mother and also he was given the mission to protect his world, possibly meaning he was created solely for this task. [47]  Later, Astral surmises from within  Emperor's Key  that it might have been made intentional by someone to scatter his memories, and wonders if the airship is meant to be some sort of message and why it would be in the key. [3]  When he absorbed " Number 61: Volcasaurus " and " Number 19: Freezadon ", he had a small glimpse of his world, which was apparently being bombarded by explosive energy, stunning him. [48] 
 
         Astral and Yuma facing two "Number" monsters.     
 After learning about  Kite Tenjo , Astral found it very suspicious that someone besides him and Yuma are looking for the "Numbers". When Yuma Dueled Kite, he was surprised that Kite's Dueling skills were even more superior than his. As Astral and Yuma fail to fight back, Astral becomes sure Yuma would lose and he would disappear, but Kite cancelled the Duel. He was left shocked at what happened next to Yuma, whose pride was severely hurt and even questioned about his " kattobingu " spirit. [7] [49]  This cause Astral to fall in a very depressed state, worried about Kite when he comes to them again. On an errand for Yuma's grandmother, Astral goes to the  Duel Sanctuary , and met with another  Number holder ,  Kaze . [22]  Astral was able to overcome his depression to help Yuma with the Duel, and gained " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja " when they won. [50] 
 
As  Yuma  prepared for the  World Duel Carnival , Astral was still shaken up from his Duel with Kite and has his doubts. Yuma eventually learns through a possessed  Cathy Katherine  that his friends are being held captive by  Fortuno . Scared of losing and facing Kite again, Astral was against the Duel, but Yuma persuaded him and the two made off to face against Fortuno. Fortuno introduces himself as Kite's servant and tells him that Kite would be watching this Duel himself, scaring Astral, but not damaging Yuma's fiery spirit. [26]  During climax of the Duel, Astral and Yuma were pushed into a corner, and knowing Yuma's friends were in danger, Astral was willing to trade himself for their freedom. However, Yuma refused, telling Astral that he is his friend too, to Astral was surprised. Astral overcame his fear and decided to actually fight.          Astral and Yuma perform  Chaos Xyz Evolution .      After he and Yuma thought about their previous Duels, stating they came too far to lose now, the  Emperor's Key  started to shine and granted them a new power, the "Chaos Number", " Number C39: Utopia Ray " as well as making Astral appear and Yuma's friends able to see him for a moment. Using it, they defeated Fortuno and took the 2 " Numbers " cards, and Astral recovered " Number 11: Big Eye " and " Number 16: Shock Master . After Yuma's friends were freed, they all went to thank Astral instead of Yuma, though they're still unable to see him, and thus were shouting at nothing. Astral didn't pay much attention to it and kept his cool. Watching Yuma and his friends walk off, Astral made his 13th Observation, "As long as you have friends, you are able to hope and believe.", and smiled. [23] 
 On Yuma's Visitor Day at school, Astral assisted Yuma in trying to locate the  Emperor's Key  after discovering it was missing, and learned that the Key was given to Yuma by his father. Pondering a possible connection between himself and Yuma's father, Astral asked Yuma about him. He learned much about the origin of the Key and  Kazuma Tsukumo , who had a vision of the  Astral World  being attacked and the sound of its inhabitants screaming. Returning to the house, they found the key on the hammock and traveled to  Heartland Academy . During gym class, Astral smiled warmly at Yuma and encouraged him to tackle the high jump of 20-stacks. [27] 
 
         Astral, being possessed by  Number 96 .     
 After safely recovering " Number 96: Dark Mist " from a stranger, Astral saw a disturbing vision of a planet being destroyed. When  Bronk Stone  knocks off the Emperor's Key from Yuma, a black Ooze comes out of Yuma's Deck Case, which grabs Yuma and starts taking control of Astral. Before Astral gets completely taken over by the  Number 96 , he tells Yuma to give "Utopia" to Bronk. Afterwards, he gets completely possessed and his body changes from white to pitch-black. In a mysterious space, Astral suffers as his body slowly fading away while Bronk Duels against the Number 96. Astral manages to get in contact with Yuma and told him to trick Number 96 to help Bronk win the Duel. Once Bronk defeated Number 96, Yuma regained Emperor's Key and Astral was freed, allowing him to absorb "Number 96" once again. [51] 
 
         Astral surrounded by the " Numbers " cards.     
 One night, Astral finally told Yuma about the structure and ship in the Emperor's Key, making him fall out his hammock out of shock. When Yuma questions Astral about the key, Astral tells him that the structure looks like a giant puzzle and something might happen if the "Numbers" are collected. Inside the Emperor's Key, Astral looks at his collected "Numbers", and remembers the vision he saw when "Number 96" was defeated, wondering what it meant. When  Kite  manages to steal the Emperor's Key, Astral was trapped inside, but the key was then deactivated and the set "Numbers" became cards again. The cards surrounded Astral and a voice told him to obtain the "power of  ZEXAL ". [8] 
 
         Astral vs. Kite.     
 When Kite manages to go inside the Emperor's Key, he finds Astral, who is visible to Kite inside the key. Astral and Kite exchanges information on why the they are collecting "Numbers", and the two engaged in a Duel. In this Duel, Astral used Yuma's Deck to Duel Kite and started playing defensively, using " Gogogo Golem ", but that was easily countered by Kite's " Reverse Buster ". As the  ATK  of "Reverse Buster" increased to 2000, Astral was scared as it may be the start of the Summoning of " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ". Astral Summoned " Gogogo Giant " and using its effect, Summoning "Gogogo Golem" from the Graveyard. He thought of Xyz Summoning "Utopia", but was afraid of Kite's face-down card and so, chose to use " Double Defender ". Kite's face-down however, was " Photon Hurricane ", which returned Astral's Spell and Trap Cards to his hand, making Astral realize there was no reason to be afraid. Kite then Tributed "Reverse Buster" to Summon " Photon Leo " and returning Astral's hand back to his Deck. Then he  equips  "Leo" with " Photon Spear  and inflicted  piercing  damage to Astral when Kite attacked and destroyed "Giant". After "Galaxy-Eyes" appeared, Astral become over shrouded with fear towards Kite. [35] 
 
         Astral combined with Yuma via  ZEXAL .     
 While Astral manages to fight back with " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and reduce Kite's life to 1300, Kite takes the upper hand again and reduces Astral's life to 400. Believing he will lose, Astral gives up and tells Yuma goodbye in his thoughts, even shedding a tear. When  Yuma  manages to recover the  Emperor's Key , which takes him to "The Door" again,  The Door  opens again and tells Yuma to use  ZEXAL , but repeats Yuma's previous warning. Astral was able to sense Yuma's presence and informed him about the Duel, as well as telling him he already "lost" the Duel. Yuma convinces Astral to not give up, and crosses the door, landing in the dimension inside the Key. Astral and Yuma receive the ZEXAL power, fusing themselves in the process. Using this new power, Astral and Yuma created " ZW - Unicorn Spear ", a card that allowed "Utopia Ray" to defeat "Galaxy-Eyes". Kite, in a pinch for the first time, managed to end the Duel in a  DRAW  with " Photon Shock "and escaped again. [36] 
 The next day, a wave of energy from the  Astral World  and another world passed through Earth causing time to temporally stop and allowing Kite to invade his memories. This caused immense pain to Astral, and figured out that Kite was invading his memories. While traveling throughout the city, Astral told Yuma that he fears that something bad might happen if they find all the " Numbers ". Later, Astral and Yuma met up with Kite, who subsequently told them that they would meet again in the  World Duel Carnival . [9] 
 
 World Duel Carnival 
         Astral questions to himself what is more important than winning     
 Before the  World Duel Carnival , Astral reminds Yuma that he must win since the tournament should have many Number holders. Yuma tells Astral that he doesn't plan on just winning, causing Astral to asks Yuma why he doesn't plan on fully winning since that would mean Yuma wouldn't be fulfilling the promise he made with his father. Yuma explains to Astral that he has thought to himself for a long time about what Dueling means to him. Yuma tells him that ever since he met Astral, he started to win despite losing all the time before, but when he lost against Shark and Kite, he understood that he could lose something important from losing for the first time, but he never hated Dueling despite it. Yuma tells Astral that Dueling means bonds and connection to him, and that Dueling and fighting are different. Astral doesn't want to agree to him since he would disappear if he lost, but Yuma tells Astral that he understands how he feels and will do anything to save him. However, Yuma has realized that there is something exceeding winning and losing. Astral asks Yuma what he will do about Kite, where Yuma answers that he will lose his soul if he lost, but it won't change his Dueling. Later, Astral questions to himself what is more important than winning inside the  Emperor's Key . [52] 
 During the first day of the WDC, Astral helped  Yuma  defeat his first few opponents, but none of them had any "Numbers". [53] [54] [55] [56]  The first  Number holder  Yuma and Astral Duel against in the Carnival is  Charlie McCay , who uses the power of " Number 7: Lucky Straight " power to always roll 6 during his Duel. [32]  Astral assisted Yuma defeated Charlie, but he allows Charlie to give Number 7 to his niece, which made Astral worry if they would get it back. [57] 
 During the second day of the WDC, Yuma and Astral watch  Quattro  use his " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder " to defeat  Bronk  and  Caswell . [58]  When  Trey  Dueled  Shark , Astral watched how Shark resisted the influence of " Number 32: Shark Drake " and defeated Trey. Although he was impressed, Astral knows that he and Yuma must Duel Shark again now he has "Shark Drake" in his possession. [59]  Later, Astral discovered that  Cameron Clix  has " Number 25: Force Focus " and was astounded that the "Number" allowed him predict the future through photographs see the future in his photos. [60]  During the Duel with Cameron, Astral figured out the photos is not completely accurate, as the photos only show what Cameron pictures as the future and his opponents subconsciously obeyed the photos. He told Yuma to disobey the prediction, that way his predictions didn't occur and Yuma easily defeats Cameron afterwards. With Cameron's defeat, Astral now has obtained 12 "Numbers". [29] 
 
         Utopia  protecting Astral from  Number 96 .     
 When Yuma Duels against  Nistro  and  Dextra , Astral tries to go help him, but is stopped by  Number 96  in the  Emperor's Key . Astral asked if he broke the seal, and Number 96 responded that that's what the "Numbers" wanted to begin with. Astral questioned why the other "Numbers" gave their strength to Number 96, who responded once more that it's what they wanted. It's what all "Numbers" want - the world's destruction. He claimed that Astral also wanted the same. Astral denied it, but Number 96 pointed out his very presence as proof against that. He told Astral to remember his mission and join the "Numbers". Number 96 attacks Astral using its  true form , but  Utopia  saves him. [17]  After sensing Yuma in trouble, Astral sends Utopia off, losing his only protection from Number 96. Meanwhile, Astral tried to out run Number 96, but was caught and was beginning to be infected. Just before he was infected entirely, but Astral's bond with Yuma suddenly resonate, and with a mysterious light hit him, freeing him from the Number 96. Astral quickly exited the key, and was temporarily viable to others besides Yuma, including Nistro and Dextra, who stated that Astral is the "Original Number". Astral deduced the current Duel before him, and helped Yuma win against Nistro and Dextra. [12] 
 
Later at night, Yuma, Astral, and Tori meet  Kite 's younger brother  Hart Tenjo . After witness Hart's power, Astral learned Hart is able to communicate with him, much to his surprised. Wanting to talk to Hart, Astral asked Yuma to take Hart with them back home, and Astral formed a friendship with him. After Hart went on a search for Kite, Yuma and Astral goes to find him, who he went berserk after failing to find his brother. Astral flies to Hart and touched his head to see Hart's memories and what he wants. Astral explained to Yuma the Hart that he want to get caramel for Kite, allowing Yuma calmed Hart down with it. Then  Quinton  comes out of a helicopter to take Hart with him using his  crest , but Hart revealed his mission to destroy the  Astral World  before he left, which horrified Astral. [37]           Astral helping Hart.      After Hart's kidnapping, Astral reminded Yuma of his previous Duel with Kite in that he mentioned he sold his soul to a devil to save his brother. Astral thinks he is referring to  Mr. Heartland  and solidified his theory of the carnival being used to hunt "Numbers". As he,  Yuma , and  Tori  searched for Hart with Kite and  Orbital 7 , he found the location through the description Hart projected in his mind. Once they arrived,  Trey  and  Quattro  challenged Yuma and Kite to a Tag Duel. [61] 
 During the Duel, Yuma and Kite are incapable to worked together, causing Astral to suffered as Yuma's Life Points to dropped, but he told Yuma it was okay. [62] [63]  After Yuma and Kite's  Tag-Team Duel  ends with them defeating Trey and  Quattro , Astral saw Kite failing to steal Quattro's soul and " Numbers " with his  Photon Hand , but was nullified by Quattro´s  crest . Seeing this, Astral tries to absorb  Trey 's "Number", but is repelled by the latter's own crest and became visible to Trey at that brief moment. [10] 
 
         Astral trapped by  Trey 's crest.     
 When Trey challenged Yuma to a Duel, he used his Crest to erase Yuma's memories of " kattobingu ", making Yuma unable to see Astral or the Emperor's Key. Astral tried to get Yuma to snapped out of it, but Trey captured Astral with his crest and then chained him to a tower, forcing him to helplessly watch Yuma get hurt. [64]  When Astral gave his last bit of strength to Yuma in order to prevent him from losing to Trey, Trey was enraged and used his power to crush Astral, making him disappear. When Yuma regained his "kattobingu", it was shown in a flashback that Astral taught him how to Duel just in case he would ever disappear, with Yuma saying that Astral was still in his heart, and he was able to Summon "Utopia" and destroy Trey's " Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech ". [65]  When " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis " went berserk, Trey joined his power with Yuma and with the 12 " Numbers ", Astral was revived inside the  Emperor's Key . He meets  Kazuma Tsukumo , who tells him that his son needs him and Astral should go and help him. Astral returns to Yuma, and combined with him using  ZEXAL , and drew a new monster, " ZW - Phoenix Bow " and defeat Trey. After the Duel, Trey left "Atlandis" and "Machu Mech" for them, as well as the final  Heart Piece  needed to compete in the WDC finals. [14] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
         Astral floating along the Duel Coaster with Yuma and Tori.     
 During the WDC party, Astral and Yuma met  Vetrix  in person for the first time, and Astral found out he could see him. Later, they managed to encounter Kite, who speak to Yuma, explaining that it is not him he wishes to defeat, but Astral. Astral doesn't speak to Kite, but shared a glance with him. [14]  The next day, he guided Yuma on the  Duel Coaster  and watched the other finalists Duel around them to learn the rules on the Duel Coaster. [66]  When Yuma was attacked by the  Triad of Terror , Astral advised Yuma during the Duel, but  Nistro  and  Anna Kaboom  help them finish the Triad of Terror off. [67]  In the next stage, Astral points out that there are the four fields - so only eight Duelists total will make it to them and to Yuma and told to be careful. As Yuma blunders into Trap Points, Astral become exasperated as their Life Points goes down. [68]  When they arrived to " Jungle Field ", they watched  Vetrix  Duel against  Dextra , and was once again surprised that Vetrix can perceive him, as well seeing his  crest 's powers. [31] 
 When Yuma and Astral reached the " Space Field ", Astral listened to  Quinton , revealing the connection between Yuma's father,  Dr. Faker , and Vetrix. After hearing about the sacrifice used to open a gate to another dimension, Astral compared it to Xyz Summoning. [69]  After  Kite  won against Quinton, Astral muses that when Vetrix and Dr. Faker began their plans, Astral entered this world. He says that must mean that the will of Yuma's father is in the  Astral World , and vow to defeat the adults with Yuma. [70]  In the " Magma Field " field, they confront Vetrix again and learned about his plans to use  Shark  to as assassin to defeat Dr. Faker. [71]  Astral watch the Duel between  Quattro  and Shark, Astral was perplexed ans shocked how Shark has the power to bring out a "Choas Number". [72]  At the " Desert Field " field, Astral saw that Yuma was playing a defensive strategy, and told Yuma that he can't win this way and that he was afraid after seeing the other Duels. Astral muses that Kite and Shark are strong and have powers that can be feared, and he understands how Yuma could be scared of them. However, Astral comment how Yuma gotten over those sorts of fears before, making Yuma feel more confident now and win against Nistro. [73] 
 
         Dr. Faker appears before Yuma and Astral.     
 Eventually, Yuma and Astral were looking for Yuma's lost deck and goes to  Heartland Tower . In the disposal plant below Heartland, Astral sees a vision of the  Astral World  being attacked. Astral sees a vision of  Hart  and told Yuma that Hart is a floor above them, and they decided to go see him. When they went into Hart's mind, who asked Yuma and Astral to save his brother, Kite. Conversing with Yuma, Astral listen to Yuma telling him that he is unsure what to do with Hart and the " Numbers ". They are then interrupted by a holograph of  Dr. Faker , who told them his goal to rule the Earth and his deal with  Barian World  is to destroy the Astral World. [74]  When Reginald and Yuma's Duel came, Astral was surprised to see that Shark did not defend himself, and speculate that its the darkness of the "Number". They realized that Vetrix influenced Shark with his  crest , and Astral told Yuma that to dispel Vetrix's control before Shark summon his "Number". [75]  When Yuma took Shark's Number, Yuma was in a bind, to help Shark by keeping his " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss " or help Astral, who will vanish if Yuma lose the Duel. However, Astral says there's nothing more he can do in this Duel and let Yuma make the decisions. Fortunately, Shark activated " Underwater Snow Prison " to save both Astral and Yuma, giving Yuma the victory and " Number 32: Shark Drake " to Astral. [76] 
 Later, Astral and Yuma encounter Kite, who addressed Astral about the score to settle and gave his permission for them to watch the Duel close up. During the Duel, Yuma and Astral heard Hart was in trouble and left with Yuma to go and help him. [77]  After entering  Heartland Tower . Astral and Yuma went into Hart's mind again to find Vetrix's dragon, who plagued Hart's memories. With the help of " Number 39: Utopia ", the dragon was slain and Vetrix's psychic link with Hart was disabled and watch the rest of Kite's Duel through a screen. However, Vetrix had still managed to defeat Kite with " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " and took all his " Numbers ", representing a greater threat to Yuma and Astral. [78] 
 
         Yuma and Astral prepare to combine with  ZEXAL .     
 As Vetrix, Yuma, and Astral came to the WDC Finals, Dr. Faker taunted the finalists and the Duel began in the  Sphere Field  to gather the energy of the "Numbers". Astral and Yuma confronted Vetrix about his actions, which made wonders if a human with a heart this ugly could truly exist. When Vetrix queried Yuma did not want revenge on Faker, Yuma insisted his father would not want that, but Vetrix suggested that perhaps his father's own plans of revenge had already begun - the appearance of Astral in this world. Astral does not know what he means, but Vetrix told him that the fearsome powers residing in the "Numbers" could destroy this world - and Astral is the messenger of revenge sent here to spread them - sent by  Kazuma . As the Duel begins, Astral asked Yuma if the power of the "Numbers" could really destroy the world. Yuma tells him not to think about what Vetrix was saying, but Astral says he can't help it - he has no memories, so Vetrix could indeed be right. Yuma tells him that he doesn't know why Astral was sent here, but he knows better than anyone that Astral is not an evil person. and tells Astral he'll leave the "Numbers" to him, and urges him to use them for justice. [79]  After Vetrix Summoned "Heraldry Crest", Astral and Yuma performed  ZEXAL  to Summoned " ZW - Lightning Blade ", but "Number 69" negated the attack. [80] 
 
         Astral eats food for the first time.     
 They narrowly survived Vetrix's next attack by using " Half Unbreak ", but Astral was able to come up with a winning strategy. When Yuma got hungry, Yuma brought out his rice balls to shared with Astral, letting the latter feel what eating food was like for the first time. After expressing great joy, Astral refocused and they used their power to summon " ZW - Tornado Bringer ", but "Heraldry Crest" negated even this effect. Astral and Yuma had no other choice, but to bring out their ace "ZW -", " ZW - Leo Arms " and equipping it to " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". Negating "Number 69"'s powers, Yuma and Astral won, but realized that the  Sphere Field  absorbed their own "Numbers". Yuma attempts to rescue Vetrix, but Vetrix bidden "good bye" to them and fall into the Sphere Field. Yuma and Astral were then teleported to  Heartland Tower  in front of Faker. [24]  While trapped in the Sphere, Astral and Yuma learns of Faker's purpose of the WDC to gather "Number" cards for the Sphere Field Cannon as a power source. Following explanation, Astral realized the attacked on his home he saw in his memory from a "Number" card suddenly makes sense. As Yuma becomes exhausted by being in the Sphere Field, Astral apologized to him, saying it's all his fault since he wasn't strong enough. Yuma denies it, and says  Hart  needs saving more than he does right now. When power suddenly drops, Yuma feels relieved and Astral undo ZEXAL, Yuma was given "Number 39: Utopia" and "Number 32: Shark Drake", telling Yuma he's leaving "hope" and "future" to him. Astral also told Yuma to save Hart and the  Astral World . [38] 
 
         Astral along with the captured "Numbers".     
 While suffering in the Sphere Field, Astral watched Yuma,  Kite ,  Shark 's Duel against  Dr. Faker . Astral muttered that he'll leave this to three of them and that the future is in their hands. [81] [82]  When  Vector  took control of Dr. Faker, Hart managed to free Astral from the Sphere Field Cannon. Fusing his soul with Yuma's, they equipped "Utopia Ray" with " ZW - Ultimate Shield ". With the helped of " Xyz Unity ", Kite's " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and Shark's "Shark Drake Veiss", they destroyed the " Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragn " and defeated Vector. After escaping from the crumbling  Heartland Tower , Yuma challenged Kite to a Duel to determine the "true" winner of WDC, which Astral readily agreed to have the "true final". [83] 
 At the meeting spot, Astral learned that  Tori Meadows  could now see him and speculated it was due to the Duel with Vector, believing that means Kite and Shark can see him too. During the Duel, Kite was about to give up, but Astral spoke to him in private and told the he consider Kite his friend and convinced him to continue the Duel. [84]  Astral continued to take a more reserve role the Duel, Astral complimented Yuma on his moves and told him that can be on his own. However, Yuma says he can't - " kattobingu " is made up of both of them and that they will advance together forever. Despite Yuma lost, Astral was still happy, knowing that Kite fought Yuma as a friend rather than an enemy. Once a content Yuma fell asleep, Astral declared his twenty observation: "It appears one can feel good about a loss as well". [84] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Barian Invasion 
         Astral gaining some guidance from the " Numbers ".     
 Some time after  World Duel Carnival , Astral spent most of his time inside the  Emperor's Key . He pondered over the fifty " Numbers " they had collected from the tournament and tried to gain some guidance from them. After  Yuma Tsukumo  gives the Key to  Tori  and ran off to Duel  Fender  in order to protect Astral, Astral's concentration broke as the Key had closed, and sensed that a Duel had begun. At that time, Astral didn't know why Yuma was Dueling without him, but as Yuma lost  Life Points , Astral was struck by red energy, causing him great pain. He realized that Yuma was having a Duel with the "Numbers" at stake. [85] 
 
         Astral asking Tori to bring him to Yuma.     
 As Astral continued to receive the damage Yuma took, he looked through the mists inside the Key and saw Tori instead of Yuma. Astral contacted her in the form of a blue fireball and told her that Yuma was Dueling agents of the  Barian World  to protect the " Numbers ", and asked her to take him to Yuma. After Tori returned the  Emperor's Key  to Yuma, Astral learned of the " CXyz ", Barian weapons designed to counter "Numbers", from Yuma and was intrigued by them. Quickly analyzing the situation, Astral and Yuma were able to make a comeback using " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and " Numbers Impact ". Afterwards, they discussed the upcoming battle against the  Barians  with  Kite  and  Shark . [86] 
 While the Barian World used brainwashed minions to make attempts on the "Numbers", Astral helped Yuma in his Duels against them [87] [88] 
 [89]  , and watched Shark's Duel with a brainwashed  Art Stanley . [90]  While observing Shark and his sister,  Rio Kastle , Astral wondered on just what they are - Shark, who can wield a " Number " and Rio, who predicted the initial invasion from the Barian World. [90]  Once the  Barian ,  Alito , infiltrated  Heartland Academy  in human form, Astral became curious of him and believed him to be another brainwashed Duelist for the Barian World, since he could sense the energy Alito gave off. [91]  When  Girag  appeared before him and Yuma, Astral was immediately suspicious of Girag and kept a close eye on him until he was able to slip away. [92] 
 
         Astral collecting his memories.     
 Later, Astral was inside the  Emperor's Key  again, musing that he has collected fifty " Number " cards, and was determined to find the other fifty. He then recalled the memories of the " Numbers " one by one and gathered his memories, oblivious to Yuma's current anxiety. After  Mizar  targeted Yuma with the  Barian Sphere Cube  and began a Duel, Astral comes out of the key and Yuma explained to him that Mizar is a  Barian  and learned the he could see him. Watching Yuma's Duel tactics, Astral comments how he expected Yuma to use " Overlay Barrage " instead of " Overlay Chain "- a defensive card. Yuma told Astral that he has to be cautious, which Astral was about to praise until Yuma cut him off, making him worry. Once Mizar Summoned his " Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ", Astral was greatly shocked of a "Number" outside of his 100 memories appearing before him. [93]  When Yuma became too weak to continue Dueling, Astral looked after him as  Kite  took their place. Astral watched Mizar unleash his true power and was stunned when he Summoned his " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ". Once the  Sphere Field  began to collapse, Astral was freed from the Sphere, but watched in horror as Yuma and Shark fell down a cliff. [94] 
 While Yuma was hospitalized, Astral recovered inside the  Emperor's Key  lamenting about the Barians and Mizar's "Over Hundred Number" as well as Yuma's state of depression. During Shark and Yuma's Duel, Astral stayed inside the Key, hoping that Yuma would come to his senses and questioned what the most "essential thing" was for them. Once Yuma regained his resolve, Astral came out of the Key and assisted him with the Duel. Afterwards, Astral thanked Shark for helping Yuma, although the latter denied this, saying that his intentions were rather different. Watching Yuma trying to give Shark a hug, Astral makes his 21th observation on how "Occasionally humans may not honestly express their feelings" and smiled when he saw Kite watching them as well. [95]  Once Yuma was out of the hospital, Astral and Yuma found out that  Girag  and  Alito  were Barians, with the latter challenging them to a Duel. During the Duel, Astral observed how much Alito and Yuma were drawn into the Duel when he sensed the "Sphere Field" affecting him and causing him pain. [96]  As the Duel continued, Astral and Yuma united with the power of  ZEXAL  and Xyz Summoned "Utopia Ray", forcing it to tie in battle with Alito's " Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus ", destroying both of them, to which both Duelists activated " Xyz Stand " to bring them back. They eventually won the Duel with " ZW - Eagle Claw " and defeated Alito. After Alito told him to take his "Number", Astral tried and failed to do so, much to his surprise. Wondering why he couldn't take an " Over-Hundred Number " card, Astral suddenly became weakened and faded again from being in the "Sphere Field". [33] 
 The next day, Astral stayed in the Key to recover from the effects of "Sphere Field". When  Girag  issued a challenged and accused  Ray Shadows  for hurting Alito, Astral advised Yuma that he should have faith in his friend and they decided to Duel without Ray. However, Ray ended up joining them after all, which worried Astral as he saw Ray as a terrible Duelist. He warned Yuma that Ray would only hinder them and that they couldn't lose against Girag with the " Numbers " at stake. During the Duel, Astral was affected by the "Sphere Field" again and fell to the ground, telling Yuma that protecting Ray is too risky. [97]  Astral was forced to retreat to the Key to recover and felt the damage Yuma took in the Duel, but sensed that Yuma won the Duel in the end. [98]  Recovering inside the Key, Astral was confronted by  Number 96 , who told him he couldn't win against the  Barians  without accepting his evil side. Astral refused to believe this and sought answers from the " Numbers " when the  Shadow Giant  appeared before him, saying that he must be tested. Once Yuma was inside, they Dueled against it, using their "Numbers" against the Giant's " Unformed Void ", and having great trouble. On the verge of losing, Number 96 reappeared before Astral to remind him of his advice, saying that something may happen to Yuma if he loses inside the Key. Fearing for Yuma's safety, Astral decided to undo the seal on " Number 96: Dark Mist " and grudgingly worked together with him to win the Duel. Afterwards, Astral and Yuma talked with  The Door  and was shown Astral's true memories, learning that his mission was to obtain a powerful card known as the  Numeron Code  that could affect destiny. They were then transported outside the Key, where Astral received another warning from Number 96 that there would be events in the future that would require him to become evil. [18] 
 
         Astral sees Yuma's " Rank-Up-Magic " card.     
 Later, Astral watched the Duel between Yuma and  Orbital 7 , although he was confused by situation. [99]  He watched the Duel between Shark and Rio, impressed by their skill. [100]  During the  Heartland Academy 's Fun Fair, Astral was interested in the event and asked Yuma several questions. When  Anna Kaboom  dragged Yuma to Duel against the pro-Duelists  Mayday  and  Brooke Walker , Astral offered advice to Yuma since he and Anna would have trouble working together.  [101]  As they continued to argue with one another, Astral grew exasperated and urged Yuma to find common ground with Anna. When Yuma drew " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ", Astral was shocked and demanded to know where Yuma got it, with Yuma fictitiously saying that he received it from the defeated Girag. Although he disapproved of using the card, Astral was amazed to see " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " for the first time, and spent the night wondering about it and grows concerned about its power. [102]  When  Vector  arrived to Earth, Astral and Yuma found out that he was the Barian that possessed  Dr. Faker . They then engaged a Duel against Vector, and was quickly put at a disadvantage when he stole "Limited Barian's Force" and destroyed "Utopia" with his " Number 66: Master Key Beetle ". Luckily, Yuma was able to draw " V Salamander " and Summoned "Utopia Ray V" to win the Duel. Before Vector fled with a captured "Ray", he gave Astral "Master Key Beetle" and told him it will be the key to their final battle. [103] 
 
         Yuma and Astral Duel Vector.     
 After  Kite  calmed a hysterical  Yuma , Astral retreated into the  Emperor's Key  looked into "Master Key Beetle". He accidentally started the  Different Dimension Airship  inside the Key and transported it on top of  Heartland Tower . Astral explained to Yuma, Kite, and  Shark  that they can use the ship to go into the  Barian World . That night, Astral spoke to Yuma about their upcoming battle, but his partner was determined to save his friend. In the morning, Astral activated the ship and took everyone inside, appointing Yuma as the pilot. After being sucked into a portal, Astral and Yuma arrived at " Sargasso the Different Dimension Battlefield " and were engaged by  Vector  to a Duel. [104]  Astral tried to calm an infuriated Yuma during the Duel, but Yuma refused to heed his warning. "Utopia Ray V" was rendered useless with Vector's " Vain Betrayer " and Yuma's Deck was reduced to three cards. When Vector revealed himself to have been "Ray" all along and his plans to destroy Yuma, Astral was shocked that Yuma was keeping secrets from him, but was also worried about Yuma's mental state. [105] 
 
         Astral falls to  the darkness .     
 As Vector reduced Yuma's Deck further and "Sargasso" reduced his Life Points, Astral blamed himself for not being more cautious about "Utopia Ray V" in the first place. When Vector commented how Yuma was keeping secrets from him and wanted to be friends with him more than with Astral, a sliver of darkness appeared on Astral's body, confusing him. As Astral is confused, they attempted to use  ZEXAL , but Vector questioned if Astral can really become one with Yuma right now and if he did really trust him after keeping secrets from him. Vector said that the darkness would grow and asked Astral if he really thought he could resist the darkness inside of him in his current mental state, reminding him that "Utopia Ray V" is of "Barian origin", while at the same time forcing them both to cancel ZEXAL. Astral is possessed by the power of the Chaos as his body turned black, initiated ZEXAL with Yuma again, resulting in  Dark ZEXAL . [106]  With control of Dark ZEXAL, Astral dueling with him without any concern of the damage he took. Dark ZEXAL created a "Dark Zexal Weapon", " DZW - Chimera Clad " to power up "Utopia Ray V" and deal damage to Vector, who activated a Trap that initiated a loop. Meanwhile, a corrupted Astral spoke to Yuma in his subconscious. Still feeling betrayed, Astral said that he wouldn't trust Yuma and surrendered himself to the darkness. Yuma ran towards Astral and embraced him, pushed both of them out of Astral's mind and undid Dark ZEXAL in the physical world. Astral lay incapacitated on ground from the forced union while Yuma continued the Duel. Once Yuma collapsed next to him, Astral said that he still didn't trust Yuma, but added that he must and touched Yuma's palm. The two then performed a ZEXAL Morph and evolve into the second form, called  ZEXAL II , signifying a new bond between them. They performed a "Shining Evolution", changing "Limited Barian's Force" into " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ", which evolved "Utopia" into " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " and defeated Vector. However, Vector warned Astral that the evil stain his heart will and corrode his bond with Yuma. Since ZEXAL II's appearance causes "Sargasso" to self-destruct, Astral and the others returned to  Heartland . Astral and Yuma re-kindled their bond and declared that their battles were only beginning. [107] 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 Later, inside the  Different Dimension Airship , Astral remembered an unclear memory of him facing  Don Thousand  and discovered the message  Kazuma Tsukumo  left for him and Yuma. He called Yuma,  Tori , Shark, and  Rio  to the ship and informed them of their new task: To obtain the seven legendary " Numbers " cards before the  Barian World  did. As they headed to their first location, Astral answered Yuma's question about the Astral World, where the "Rank-Up souls" can go. They were interrupted when  Dumon  crashed into them and the ship landed in a jungle. He assisted Yuma in defending an injured Dumon from a bear, but since Astral didn't recognize Dumon in human form, he warned Yuma not to trust the boy "Nash" so easily. The discussion was cut off when they heard Tori's scream and ran to a temple, where Astral deduced that it might be where one of the "Numbers" are. After the group was separated, Astral and the others arrived in the legendary "Number"'s chamber and met  Mach , the guardian protecting the card. Mach challenged Astral and Yuma to see if they were worthy to hold the sacred "Number", along with Shark and Nash's lives on the line. [39]  As the Duel continued, Astral figured out from Mach's riddle that the two groups can help each other win the Duel. He told Shark and Nash to read the passage of the hero and Pegasus to provide a clue to Mach's tactics. After Nash revealed himself to be Dumon, Astral decided to let Yuma choose whose advice he will follow - Dumon, who told them to protect "Utopia", or Shark, who said to allow the destruction of "Utopia". Ultimately, Yuma chose to listen to Dumon, allowing them to find a loophole and win the Duel. Astral asked Mach if the legend was about him, with the latter confirming that he was the Pegasus from the legend, before disappearing and giving " Number 44: Sky Pegasus " to Yuma. Hearing Yuma's decision to trust others, Astral thought to himself that he won't comment on his choice, even if Yuma was supposed take a different path with him from now on. [108] 
 
         Astral vs. Number 96.     
 Going to South America, Astral and the others arrived at an abandoned castle, and listen to Rio speak of legend about a ruthless prince. After Yuma accidentally triggered some traps, Astral and everyone ended up inside the cages of the central colosseum. They were greeted by Vector and  Number 96 , who wish to Duel Astral for control of his body. To set Yuma and his friends free, Astral agreed and quickly summons "Utopia" on his turn. After landing an attack on Number 96, Astral was then pushed in a corner when Number 96 unveiled his strategy; whenever Number 96 would take damage, deadly traps would be aimed at Yuma, which could kill him. Astral tried to Duel on the defensive, but Number 96 prevented him from not attacking. [109]  Unwilling to hurt Yuma, Astral tried to solidify his defenses and work around Number 96's traps. Number 96 commented how Astral was "tainted" by human's weakness and therefore couldn't fulfill his mission the way he is now. Astral questioned Number 96 on what he meant; the former told the latter that since he didn't have his power, Astral can't collect "Chaos Numbers". He also said that Astral will never collect all of the "Numbers" without him and that he didn't have what it took to possess the  Numeron Code . When Yuma was blaming himself for Astral's situation, Astral told Yuma that he figured what he can do right now, but won't elaborate any further than that. Once Yuma figured out what Astral meant and move to safety, Astral was able to fight without hesitation. Astral summoned " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", but Number 96 used " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " to upgrade " Number 96: Dark Mist " to " Number C96: Dark Storm  and used its abilities to force the match into a draw. Vector triggered a trap that caused the ruins' destruction and fled with Number 96. Astral and the others were able to escape with the assistance of Kite. [34] 
 The group then head to  Spartan City , Astral came outside the  Emperor's Key  after  Nistro  and  Dextra  told Yuma and his friends that the "Number" ruins were under a lake. At night, Astral woke Yuma up after an explosion occurred at the lake and the gang rushed over there. Once Yuma and Dextra Dueled against  Alito  and a brainwashed Nistro, Astral urged Yuma to calm down, who was enraged by Alito's change in personality. He was quite surprised when he witnessed the kamikaze-like effect of " Number 54: Lion Heart ", calling it a reckless strategy. [110]  After the Duel ended, Astral and the others returned to the airship the next day and went over Yuma, who was away from the group. Astral knew Yuma was thinking about Alito and told him that he should understand from the Duel yesterday - Alito was still a Barian and they can't be friends with him, but Yuma didn't respond to him. [111] 
 
         Jinlon tells Kite of Astral's legend.     
 While alone in the ship, Astral was looking over the memories contained in "Lion Heart" and "Sky Pegasus". He was shocked see that the cards contained the memories of people of the ruins' legends, and that Dumon and Alito were the figures mentioned in the legends. Once Astral and the group arrived at the next ruins, Astral asked  Jinlon  about the person he spoke about who was similar to Kite, asking if the person was named "Mizar". With Jinlon confirming his theory, Astral explained to the group that the "Numbers" revealed to him that the Barians were once humans and the legends are about them. Astral then watched Kite Duel Jinlon along with Yuma and Shark. [112]  After Kite won the Duel, Astral and the others listened to Jinlon's tale about Mizar and how he died. When Mizar arrived at the ruins and clashed with Kite's dragon aura, the group ended up on a mountain peak after the  Number ruins  vanished. They listened to Jinlon explaining when people searching for "Numbers" come to the ruins, huge changes will occur in the world. When Jinlon also mentioned about the "two lights" battling in the sky and were mutually destroyed long ago, Astral noticed that it also described the memory of his battle with  Don Thousand . Later in front of the "Numbers" gears, Astral finally remembered his mission was to annihilate the  Barian World . [19] 
 Returning to  Heartland City , Astral and Yuma saw watched a news report about a stone statue of a commander named "Kiraku Souhachi" from the Warring States period discovered at Roku's  Duel Lodge . They notice that the statue bears a striking resemblance to  Girag  and Astral confirmed that the Duel Lodge is one of the  Number ruins . Traveling to the Duel Lodge, Astral and Yuma met  Ponta , who was possession of Girag's body and the "Number" as well. As Yuma Duel the tanuki, Astral was baffled when Ponta switched bodies with Yuma and was unable to stop him from wasting Yuma's hand. Despite the handicapped, Yuma was able to win the Duel and Astral received " Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu " from Ponta as an apology. [113] 
 
         Astral explains the group's next course of action.     
 As the airship headed to the final two Number ruins in the ocean, Astral conversed with Yuma on the deck about the Barians being humans and was asked if he used to be a human as well. Astral responded that it was possible, since the Barian World and Astral World are fairly similar. They debated on what caused their enemies to be reincarnated as Barians, but were interrupted by Shark, who warned them that they should not over think the situation. In the midst of storm,  Abyss  possessed Rio and caused her to go overboard into the ocean, Astral and Yuma followed Shark when he went after her. They entered the ruins, but they were separated from Shark when walls between them generated. While trying to find Shark, they encountered Dumon instead.  [114]  As Astral listened to Dumon and Yuma argued about why the Barian and Astral worlds had to fight, he revealed his mission to obliterate the Barian World to Yuma. He asked Dumon why the final two Barian Emperors had not shown up themselves and learned that  Nash  and  Marin  had disappeared long ago. After Dumon left to watch Shark Duel Abyss, Astral noticed the water flow and told Yuma to place " Stinging Swordsman " on the water so that they could escape the maze. When they arrived at the center of the maze, Astral began to view the memories of Shark's past life. Seeing the events unfold, Astral began to speculate that Shark and Rio were the missing Barian Emperors. After Shark won his Duel and retrieved the "Numbers", the group was transported back to the airship. [115] 
 
         Astral takes the blow meant for Yuma.     
Back home, Astral pondered about everything he learned about the Barians and the Kastle twins when he sensed the  Astral World  in danger. He quickly informed Yuma and they rushed to the living room to find  Kari Tsukumo  watching the news about abnormal phenomenons occurring all across the globe. Astral deduced strange activities were happening to Earth and the Astral World because they are connected to one another. When Yuma and Tori mentioned the Kastle twins, Astral told Yuma that he needed to have a serious discussion with Shark sooner or later. Sometime later, ashes began to fall from the sky, and the group was transported by  Number 96  to another location, alongside Shark, Kite and  Orbital 7 . Astral confronted Number 96 about his goal to destroy not only Earth and the Astral World, but the Barian World as well. With three worlds and their "Numbers" on the line, Astral and Yuma began their Duel with Number 96 inside a  Sphere Field , which caused real damage to them. [116]           Astral saying goodbye to Yuma as he fades.      When Yuma got too injured by the " Chaos Field ", Astral took his place in the Duel for a short while before transforming into ZEXAL II together and they defeated Number 96. Refusing to give up, Number 96 attempted to possess Astral again, causing Astral to take on the darker color scheme he had when he was corrupted by darkness. However, Astral managed to destroy Number 96 in a explosion, finally ending his threat once and for all. Severely drained by that action, Astral was forced to back to the  Astral World  and took the  Emperor's Key  with him. Before disappearing, Astral said farewell and thanked Yuma for everything he done and entrusted the " Numbers " they had collected through their journey together to him. [117] 
         Astral sleeping inside a crystal.     
 In the Astral World, Astral was placed into a deep slumber by  Eliphas  because he was possessed by the power of Chaos and encased in crystal, with the black stain visible on Astral's chest. [118]  Having deemed that his meeting with Yuma was a mistake, Eliphas planned to erase Astral's memories of Yuma to turn him back into his soldier and destroy the Barian World. [45] 
 
         Astral reunites with Yuma.     
 After Yuma expressed his resolve not to lose against Eliphas, Astral resonated with Yuma from his crystal and lent him the power to use "Shining Draw" without the use of ZEXAL, granting Yuma " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall " and " Number 39: Utopia Roots ". Using both cards, Yuma won the Duel. Afterwards,  Enna  and the denizens of the Astral World purified Astral of his corruption and awakened him from his stasis. He shared a touching reunion with Yuma and embraced him with a heartfelt smile. When they sensed Don Thousand's power affecting the human world, Eliphas said they must return right away and told Astral that his mission was to stop the  Barian World . After Eliphas gave him a card, Astral promised that he and Yuma will find a way to end the Barian menace and began their journey back to the Human World. [40]  They eventually return to Earth just after Kite became too injured to continue his Duel with  Mr. Heartland . [119]  Astral and Yuma took Kite's place in the Duel along with his remaining life Points. With Mr. Heartland drained Yuma's Life Points and the pain of the Barian field, Yuma and Astral initiated  ZEXAL III . Using the power of " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and " ZS - Vanish Sage ", they defeated Mr. Heartland. As Mr. Heartland's  Fake Numbers  caused Heartland to be incinerated by flames because he failed in his mission, Astral realized that the flames took a form that resembled Don Thousand's. Although Astral and Yuma enjoyed their reunion with their friends, their situation turned more dire as they saw the large pillar of energy glowing even brighter. [120] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Astral was surprised when the  Seven Barian Emperors  appeared before them, along with Shark and Rio as Nash and Marin. As his suspicions were confirmed true, Astral told Yuma about visions he saw of Shark's past life as a king and readily accepted that Nash was now their enemy. After the Emperor's Key and Nash's  Barian Emblem  reacted and knocked Yuma unconscious, Astral and the group fled with help from  Roku  and  Kaze . Riding in  Quinton 's armored car, Astral commented how the bonds that Yuma made with his friends - Roku, Kaze,  Anna ,  Nelson ,  Nistro ,  Dextra ,  Bronk  and  Quattro  - had united them to protect Yuma and stalled for time by Dueling the Emperors. [121]  As the Emperors'  Barian's Chaos Draw  produced pillars of light, Astral was surprised by the overwhelming force they gave off. [122] 
 Once Yuma regain full consciousness, Astral explained what happened after he fainted and his friends' deaths, which devastated him. Astral then listen to Yuma and Kite arguing about avoiding Dueling against Shark and the other Barians, Astral chimed in the discussion, saying there a way - defeating  Don Thousand  directly. Judging everything that's going on, he figured that Don Thousand was recovering his power and was using the Barians as pawns, but everything should back to normal if they defeat him. In agreement, Astral materialized the  Different Dimension Airship  for him and Yuma to journey to the  Barian World , with Tori accompanying the duo. [123]  On the ship, Astral comforted Yuma over his fight with Trey and Quinton. He told Yuma that even though he disagreed with them, they were just following that path they believed was right for them, which Yuma agreed with. [124]  When a screen materialized on the deck, Astral was shocked to see the Arclight brothers Dueling  Mizar . He listened as Quinton explained that Kite was going to the moon to investigate the  Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time , which was connected to the  Numeron Code . After Yuma broke down after watching the brothers' defeat, Astral encouraged him stand up because everyone placed their trust in him. [125] 
 
Immediately after this,  Alito  attacked the airship with " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus ", knocking Astral, Yuma and Tori from it. While Dueling with Alito, Astral could sense Don Thousand's aura emanating from him. After Astral finally realized that Thousand created " Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh one ", the Barian god appeared before Astral and Yuma. He revealed that their pursuit of the  Mythyrian Numbers  had contributed to his release and blamed the Astral World for starting the war with Barians in the first place. Thousand then taunted Astral and Yuma, urging them to try and stop him before disappearing. Astral continued to study "Comet Cestus" during the Duel and figured out that Don Thousand's power made the "Number" stronger. Astral suggested to Yuma that the only way break Don Thousand's curse on Alito was to use " Number 54: Lion Heart ", which holds Alito's true memories. [44]           Yuma comments that Astral is becoming like him.      They discussed that  Kazuma  must have predicted they would have to fight the Emperors and that the  Mythyrian Numbers  are the key to Don Thousand’s curse. Using "Lion Heart", they were able to free Alito from Don Thousand's influence, but his hatred for his past remained. Astral believed that Barians' souls should have gone to Astral World initially, but Don Thousand caused them to became Barians instead from artificial hatred. Astral told Yuma to destroy "Comet Cestus" with "Lion Heart", hoping to learn something from the battle. Using " Emperor's Armor  to bypass  Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk  effects, they destroyed "Comet Cestus" and won the Duel, allowing Alito to see his true memories. Afterwards, Alito agreed to cooperate with them to defeat Don Thousand, who was inside of  Vector . [28]  Back on the ship, they group continued to traveled to the Barian until they were attacked by  Girag  and his " Number 106: Giant Hand ". [126] 
 They attempted to reason with Girag, but they could not get through Thousand's control. Astral determined they'll have to break Don Thousand's curse the same way Yuma did with Alito and Duel Girag. However, Alito insisted that he'll be the one to Duel Girag instead of them, which they relented. [127]  Astral quietly watched as Alito managed to free Girag from Don Thousand's curse at the cost of his own life. When Vector appeared before them, Astral was shocked to find all what happened to the other Barians as Vector adsorbed Girag's, Alito's, and  Ponta 's souls. Vector proclaimed that he will defeat Astral and Yuma to get the  Numeron Code  before flying off. [128]  Back on the airship, Astral silently watched as Yuma cried in despair from all the lost lives when a screen appeared on deck. Astral told Yuma to stand up, saying still others searching for a new light - such as Kite, who was Dueling  Mizar  on the moon for the key to the Numeron Code. [129]  As Kite was at a disadvantage, Astral and Yuma explained to Mizar that he doesn't have to fight them because Don Thousand tampered with his memories. They also informed him that all his allies were betrayed by Vector and their souls was absorbed. However, Mizar refused to listen to them as Kite told them to stay out of his way. At the end of the Duel, Astral witnessed Kite defeat Mizar, but became too weak to move. Astral then sadly watched as Kite bid farewell before the screen the screen blurred out from Orbital 7's shutdown. [130] 
 
         Astral, Yuma, and Nash against Don Thousand.     
 Astral and the others finally arrived to  Barian World  to find  Nash  Dueling against Vector. [131]  As he watched the Duel, Astral was able to see Vector's true memories and was surprised that he was manipulated by Don Thousand as well. He quietly witnessed the rest of the Duel and stared on in shocked as Nash claimed victory after a series of trials. [132]  When Vector goes berserk with his power, Astral was surprised when  Don Thousand  appeared before them to absorbed Vector.  Mizar  then arrived to give him and Yuma " Number 100: Numeron Dragon " and confirmed Kite's demise. Following Mizar's death, Don Thousand shown himself before Astral and the group in his new form, promising to take their souls and obtain their power to become a true God. Don Thousand challenged Astral, Yuma, and Nash to a Duel, which they accepted as 2-on-1 Duel. During the Duel, Astral realized that Thousand was using the power of the  Numeron Code  to gained an overwhelming advantaged over them. Initially baffled since no one had all the " Numbers " yet, Astral figured out that the Numeron Code was hidden somewhere on Earth and Thousand made the Earth part of the Barian World to obtained the Code's power in the process. Thousand confirmed this and taunted them by revealing he can directly attack the Astral World whenever Yuma and Nash take damage. [133] 
 
         Astral searching the Numeron Network.     
 Since Yuma and Shark were taking massive damage from Don Thousand's " Numeron " monsters and was being overpowered by the " Numeron Network ", Astral realized they can't win without destroy the "Numeron Network" first and goes off to find it. Traveling through the network, he managed to find the source in a red-black energy sphere at the very heart of the chaos channels. However, Don Thousand warned him if the card is destroyed, the massive amount of energy stored in it will destroy the Earth. Astral resolved to take the card to save the Earth and absorb the network's energy at the cost of his life. Although Yuma begged him not to it, but Astral only told him goodbye and that he'll leave the " Numbers " to him. Suddenly,  Eliphas  appeared and took Astral's place, saying that Astral cannot die yet. Eliphas told Astral that he entrusted the future to him and Yuma, and gifted him with a card (later revealed to be " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force " [134] ) As the sphere exploded, Astral was transported back to Yuma's side, holding back his tears for Eliphas. Astral informed Yuma what Eliphas had said to him and that they mustn't cry. As Nash used the effect of " Number C101: Silent Honor DARK "  to their heal  Life Points  to 3300, Astral and Yuma strengthen their resolve to win. [42] 
 Don Thousand mocked their chances of victory and summon " Number C1000: Numeronius ", inflicting more damage to them and Astral World, and taking control of "Silent Honor DARK". Astral and Yuma transformed into  ZEXAL  and summon " Number 39: Utopia ", only for Don Thousand uses the effect of "Numeronius" to destroy and replace it with " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ". Don Thousand revealed that "Numeronius" negates the effects of his opponent's " C " monsters and prevents them from attacking. Undaunted by this setback, they evolved into  ZEXAL II  and  Shining Draw  " ZS - Ouroboros Sage ", combining it with "Utopia Ray Victory" and " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ", allowing them to reduce Don Thousand's life points to 900. However, Don Thousand sends "Silent Honor DARK" to the  Graveyard  to prevent "Numeronius" from being destroyed, and then using its ability to take control of Yuma and Nash's monsters. Yuma was shocked that ZEXAL failed them and canceled the fusion with Astral. Thousand taunts them, revealing the power of  Chaos  will always revive him and they cannot fight against it as humans are the root of Chaos. He further explained what happened with his battle with Astral eons ago and claimed that humans are weak since Chaos can consume them easily, such as the  Seven Barian Emperors . Yuma resorts that the power of Chaos that lets you live with your friends and can protect others. Don Thousand scoffed at Yuma's belief, and then proceed to inflicted damage to them, leaving their Life Points to 100. With "Numeronius" going for a direct attack,  Kite 's spirit appeared before Yuma, urging him to win. The "Numeron Dragon" card flashed into Yuma's hand and  Special Summon  it to the field. Astral and Yuma used its effect to reduce the ATK of "Numeronius" to 0 and destroy both of them. Unfazed, Don Thousand countered by bringing out " Number iC1000: Numeronius Numeronia ", which will force all of Yuma's and Nash's monsters to attack it or grant Don Thousand an  Automatic Win  that  End Phase  if they don't. Thinking of his fallen friends, Yuma refused to give up and overlay with Astral into  ZEXAL III . They used " Utopia Rising " to revive "Utopia" as Nash brought out " Number 73: Abyss Splash " and used " Bonds of Hope " to revive "Numeron Dragon". They gave of "Numeron Dragon"'s abilities and the Overlay Units of "Abyss Splash" and "Utopia" to represent their united bonds. [41] 
 
         Nash against Astral and Yuma.     
After using the effects of both "Abyss Splash" and "Numeron Dragon" to boost the ATK of "Utopia" to 102,000, Astral and  Yuma  attack "Numeronius Numeronia", but  Don Thousand  uses the effect of "Numeronius Numeronia" to negate the attack and boost his Life Points to 102,900. They then activates "Double or Nothing!", as an attack was negated, allowing him to double the ATK of "Utopia" and attack again. With this, they defeated Don Thousand, causing the portal to  Astral World  to closed and fusion between  Earth  and the  Barian World  appears to have stopped. Despite his loss, Don Thousand laughed at Astral and the others, claiming his curse has not been lifted before his soul was transferred to Nash with all the " Numbers " along with him. Infused with Don Thousand's energy, Nash forces Yuma and Astral out of the ZEXAL III fusion, and send them to a small place between that merged world and the Astral World. Nash explains that the two worlds are currently pulling against one another, if it keeps up, the two worlds will collide, resulting in the Astral World's destruction. Astral realized this was because Nash absorbed Don Thousand's power, which Nash confirmed and stated he was still their enemy. While Yuma tried to appeal for a way for both worlds to coexist, bot Astral and Nash said was impossible because the Astral World was too weak to withstand the fusion of the worlds.          Astral and Yuma discuss the  Numeron Code .      Bewildered, Yuma said that everyone can learn to understand one another and blamed Thousand's curse on Nash's attitude, but Nash refuted this - he was the only one who chose to be a  Barian  on his own will, and that his very existence was the curse of Don Thousand. Nash challenged Astral and Yuma to a duel, with all three worlds and the  Numeron Code  on the line. Yuma questioned Astral if they can can find a future to save everyone. Astral suggested that using the Numeron Code could make everything that happened become undone and revive everyone who was died. Although, he asks Astral if that is a real future though - one that will result in running away from all the times they had together. Astral said that he is unsure right now, but encouraged Yuma they'll be able to find a solution through this Duel. As Nash was able to predicted and planned for Yuma's every move, they was put of the defensive. As the duel progresses, Nash summons 4 of the "Over-Hundred Numbers" onto his side of the field - "Silent Honor DARK", " Number C102: Archfiend Seraph ", " Number C103: Ragnafinity " and " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon , while Special Summoning the other 3 to Yuma's side of the field - " Number C104: Umbral Horror Masquerade ", " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus ", and " Number C106: Giant Red Hand ". [135] 
 Nash used the seven "Chaos Over-Hundred Numbers" to Summon his ultimate ace card, " CXyz Barian Hope ", which wielded the power of all seven of the "Chaos Over-Hundred Numbers" and allowed Nash to use each of their effects once per turn by either detaching an Overlay Unit or paying 400 Life Points. Though Nash used the effect of every "Chaos Over-Hundred Number", Yuma and Astral narrowly avoided defeat. While Astral was perplexed as to why Nash kept paying Life Points instead of detaching Overlay Units, Yuma explained that he could see the souls of the other Barian Emperors in front of the Overlay Units - Nash did not want to lose them again. Yuma and Astral performed ZEXAL Morph, which caused the worlds began to drift closer to one another. They were saved by  Kazuma Tsukumo  and  Vetrix , who used the last of their power to erect barriers between the arena and the colliding worlds. They used "Astral Force" to create " Number 39: Utopia Beyond " and destroy "Barian Hope". [134] 
 
         Astral absorbs the remaining "Numbers".     
 Nash set up the return of "Barian Hope" with " Reincarnation of the Seven Emperors " before Summoning " Black Ray Lancer " in an attempt to defeat Yuma. Yuma countered with the effect of "Utopia Beyond", Summoning "Utopia" again and canceled ZEXAL with Astral. Nash weakened "Utopia" with " Friller Rabca " and brought out " Submersible Carrier Aero Shark " as well, but Yuma survived with " Damage Take-Over ". Using ZEXAL, Yuma and Astral created " ZW - Sylphid Wing ", but Nash revived "Barian Hope" using " Rebirth of the Seven Emperors " at the expense of his Rank 3 monsters. Yuma pushed the attack, but Nash used " Draw of Fate " to negate the attack and force both players to draw a card. If the player did not use the drawn card by the end of this turn, they would  automatically lose . Nash used Barian's Chaos Draw to draw " Glory of the Seven Emperors ", while Yuma used Shining Draw to draw " Double or Nothing! " Yuma canceled his attack after activating "Double or Nothing!", knowing that defeating Nash would be to sacrifice who Yuma had been, just as  the Door  had predicted. Astral agreed with his decision, saying they would keep fighting for an answer without sacrificing who they were. Nash had known they would use "Double or Nothing!", but this action was not predicted. "Glory of the Seven Emperors" would have allowed him defeat Yuma if Yuma had done anything else, but canceling his attack resulted in Nash's Life Points becoming 0. As Nash says his goodbyes, he mused that he would not witness the future Astral and Yuma would create though as the "Numbers" flooded from Nash's body and were absorbed by Astral. Nash called Yuma and Astral the best friends he ever had, and he considered his final Duel to be his greatest. Afterward, Astral, Yuma and Tori returned to Earth, appearing on Heartland's harbor. [136] 
 
 The Ceremonial Battle 
         Astral declares he will destroy  Barian World .     
 After Yuma reunited with his revived friends, Astral transported him and Yuma's subconscious to a special  Sphere Field  to tell him that he will continue his mission to destroy the Barian World as it was the root of all  Chaos . Yuma disagreed with Astral, saying there was no point to the future if they have to keep sacrificing things and urged him to find a better way, but Astral stated he wouldn't change his mind. When Yuma challenged Astral to Duel for the  Numeron Code , the two added more conditions; if Yuma won, Astral would listen to him, and if Astral won, he would destroy the Barian World and erase Yuma's memories of him. Astral told Yuma he would have a day to prepare his Deck and Astral would do the same, then the two would Duel at the station square. Astral returned Yuma to his friends and went back into the  Emperor's Key  after this conversation. On top of the airship, Kazuma appeared before Astral, saying he did well in protecting Yuma since he sent him back to his son, just as he thought he would. While Kazuma praised all the feats he and Yuma done, Astral stated that he still had a duty to use the Numeron Code. Kazuma told him that he wouldn't interfere, knowing Astral would choose a good future for everybody. Astral asked if everything really went as Kazuma wanted it to. Kazuma replied that he wasn't sure about that and asked if Astral really intended to fight Yuma, which he insisted he would do with all his strength. Then next day, the two met and began their first - and final - Duel, with Astral thinking that they fated Duel since they met. Astral let Yuma go first and he put up a seemingly feeble defense, then on his first turn, Astral was able to Summon " Utopia ", " Utopia Ray ", " Utopia Ray V ", " Utopia Ray Victory " and " Utopia Beyond ". Astral attacked Yuma directly with "Utopia Ray V", dropping his Life Points to a mere 1400, leaving everybody shocked at his full-force attacks. [137] 
 While he openly commented that Yuma was not ready to face him, Astral mentally urged him to get fired up - otherwise, he'll be unable to get back what he lost. Yuma managed to make a comeback in one turn, using " Gagaga Cowboy " and " Gagaga Samurai " with a few support cards to destroy the 4 evolved forms of "Utopia". Just before Yuma was about to finish off Astral with a  One Turn Kill , Astral activated " Heat & Heal " to survive the attack. Astral deduced from Yuma's previous comment on the 5 "Utopia" monsters being more impressive then he expected that his partner predicted beforehand that he would be facing all 5 of them at once, and developed a way to beat them, and continued his onslaught with the original "Utopia".
 
         Astral plays " Number 32: Shark Drake " and " Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon ".      Yuma attacked "Utopia" with "Gagaga Cowboy", causing Astral to negate the attack out of precaution, only to find out it was a risky but successful bluff from Yuma to use " Light Wing Bumper ". Astral complimented his partner on his play and the way he evolved as a Duelist. Yuma tried to reason with Astral, telling him to remember that his Duel with Eliphas delivered the  Astral World  from the forced destiny of existing solely to Rank-Up, only to Astral to reveal that he had never forgotten all their moments together, which he cherished, but then abruptly declared he would fulfill the pact he and Yuma signed together, using " Rank-Down-Magic Utopia Fall " to Summon " Number 39: Utopia Roots ", before proceeding with his relentless attack on Yuma using " Overlay Accel " to attach Kite's and Shark's "Numbers" to "Utopia Roots" as Overlay Units to allow him to attack multiple times, while telling Yuma that Yuma must take back what was most important to him - the thing that was stolen from him. [16]   
As Astral was about to take a decisive direct attack, Yuma activated his " Danger Draw " to stop Astral's attack. Yuma told Astral that he remembered the promise he made to his friend: that when the time comes for them to have a final Duel, he would face him with a huge smile and give it everything he's got. After, Yuma thanked Astral for reminding him. Astral watched in shock as Yuma performed a " Shining Draw " on his own, which was created with his power. He used the card he drew to Summon his own Number monster, " Number F0: Utopic Future ". Astral then deduced Yuma was certainly a part of himself he lost during his ancient Duel with  Don Thousand . As Yuma attacked Astral's Ranked-down "Number" with his own "Number", Astral wondered if that was another bluff, but decided otherwise and using the effect of "Utopia Roots", which saved him from defeat. Astral told his partner that he knew that this was no bluff this time, as he remembered Yuma telling him that he found a way to make his own destiny. After using a Shining Draw, Astral declared that he would rise higher than Yuma's Rank 0, and Ranked Up his "Number" into " Number 99: Utopic Dragon ". He revived "Utopia Beyond" with its effect, and attacked Yuma's "Number", activating the effect of "Utopic Dragon" to protect itself as well as in an attempt to destroy all other monsters, and inflict game-ending damage to Yuma. Yuma managed to survive and save "Utopic Future" through its effects.          Astral in front of  The Door .      Melancholic at the idea of this being the last time he would see Astral, Yuma then smiled at his partner and declared he would give it all he's got after doing a few successful back-flips. Using two support cards, he gave "Utopic Future" 4000 ATK, 500 for each "Number" card in Astral's Graveyard, and protected it from being destroyed by battle. "Utopic Future" attacked and destroyed "Utopic Dragon". Yuma then declared a final direct attack against his partner. 
 Astral revealed the last trick up his sleeve, which was the Trap Card " The Door of Destiny ". This transported himself and his friend to the location of  The Door  that haunted Yuma's nightmares. Negating the last attack, Astral told Yuma that unless he found a way to beat it, he would lose next turn due to the effect of "The Door". Yuma reminisced on how the Door was how he was able to meet Astral at the start, and remembered how he would supposedly lose what was the most precious to him, realizing now that it was Astral, the one being he cared the most about, and showed reluctance on having to leave Astral after this Duel. Astral sensed his partner's doubt, and encouraged him on going all the way, telling him he still had a card that could turn the outcome of this Duel and open the path to his future. He also teased Yuma about being too inexperienced to challenge him. Yuma activated " Double or Nothing! ", and fused with "Utopic Future" for the final attack, destroying "The Door" and winning the Duel. [1] 
 
         Astral tells Yuma that he loves seeing him smile.     
 Yuma helped a tangible Astral on his feet, who complimented him on a splendid Duel. As the  Numeron Code  descended, the two friends shared a heartwarming farewell before Astral headed towards the Code. Astral stated that he always loved seeing Yuma smile, adding that he'll never forgot that smile or Yuma himself before heading back to Astral World in tears returning Yuma's vow they're friends til time ends. Some time later, Astral used the Code's power to successfully reunite his world and the  Barian World  as one and revive all his fallen comrades, such as  Eliphas  and  Kite , and made the  Seven Barian Emperors  reborn as humans. [1] 
 
         Astral rushing to meet Yuma.     
 With the rogue chaos energy menacing his universe again, Astral was tasked by Eliphas with stopping the new threat. Astral was last seen going through a dimensional portal to meet Yuma, reminding himself of what he was able to learn at Yuma's side and vowed to keep fighting to learn to understand each other before yelling " kattobingu "(In the dub Astral says high five the sky). [1] 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In the non-canon episode,  Aim For Number 1 in the World! , Astral joined Yuma when he was forced by Tori to visit her friend  Summer  at a Gymnastic building, and later watched Yuma Duel with  Taiki .
 
 Other appearances 
 Astral (manga) Astral ( D Team ) Astral (Duel Terminal) Astral ( Millennium Duels ) Astral ( World Duel Carnival ) 
 Relationships 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
         Yuma and Astral in the middle of an typical argument.     Astral and Yuma, despite having a rocky start, have a very close relationship with each other. Astral is able to tell what Yuma is feeling during duels and helps to calm him down, and Yuma worries and cares for Astral immensely. Regarding each other as both partners and close friends, they make an outstanding team.
 In the beginning, Astral has ambiguous thoughts regarding  Yuma Tsukumo ; for the most part he thinks of him and his Dueling skills as unrefined and unskilled, which causes the two to clash and fight a lot. However, when Yuma uses an unthinkable, but effective strategy, such as in his Duel with  Reginald Kastle , his thoughts change to think of Yuma as an interesting Duelist. [15]  Astral even learns to use Yuma's lack of skill and obedience, as seen in Yuma's Duel with  Mr. Kay  when he tells Yuma what to do the opposite of what he should do so that Yuma disobeys him and makes the correct moves. [6] 
 
         As partners and friends, they became a confident team.     
 After the Duel with  Kite Tenjo , the two realized that they needed the other's skill, and they grew closer to one another. During the Duel with  Fortuno , when Yuma admitted to Astral that he considered him his friend, the two unlocked  Number C39: Utopia Ray [23]  and eventually gained the ability to overlay their souls together using the power of  ZEXAL . [36] 
 At times, Yuma doesn't openly admit that he was worries or cares about Astral, usually feigning anger and yelling at him, which only makes Astral smile because he can tell Yuma's true feelings. In dire situations, Yuma openly shows concerns and proclaimed he will do anything to protect him from danger. It shown that Yuma deeply cares for Astral as he couldn't believe Astral would leave and as he cried for his death. [65]  Astral has shown many times how much he cares about Yuma, willing to give up his life for Yuma's safety. [23]  Astral has also been seen smiling more since Yuma told him that he is his friend, and encourages Yuma to never give up. Later, it was revealed that Astral has been teaching Yuma how to Duel, since one day he'll disappear and Yuma will have to fight alone. He also said that when he disappears, he would want to leave proof that he exists in Yuma's memory and heart. [65]  After Astral was revived, Yuma was greatly relieved as he cried tears of joy. [14] 
 Nearing to the  WDC  finals, Yuma and Astral converse on what to do with the " Numbers " and their situation with  Hart Tenjo . Yuma is torn between helping Astral or healing Hart, but Astral assured Yuma that he will follow whatever path Yuma chooses as his partner. [74]  During Yuma and Shark's Duel, Yuma was to make a choice between saving him or Shark, but Astral tells Yuma that he will let him make the decisions. During this, Yuma told Astral that he is a very important friend to him. [76]  When  Vetrix  told them that the " Numbers " could destroy the world, Astral questioned Yuma about it. Yuma denied this claim, saying he trusts Astral and would let Astral use the "Numbers" for good. During the Duel, Astral told Yuma that he can rely on him to defeat Vetrix and Yuma says he couldn't do it without him. [79] 
 After Yuma dreams about being warned by  The Door  that someone is planning to take something most important thing to him, he feared that he will lose "[his] Astral". Not willing to put Astral in danger and be taken away from him, Yuma left his key to Tori in order to protect him and goes to Duel with a Barian-brainwashed  Fender  by himself. During the Duel, Yuma thinks that he the only one that can protect him and reflected how Astral is always the one protecting him. [85]  In the key, Astral can receive the damage Yuma takes and knows Yuma is Dueling alone, which disappointed him since they are "partners". Once Astral got to Yuma, Yuma confined to Astral about his dream and states how he couldn't protect him. However, Astral told Yuma that he was proud of him and that he's a true friend, and will not forgive anyone who hurts him. [86]  After nearly losing to  Mizar  and becoming shaken, Astral and Yuma grew even closer as they reaffirmed their desires to Duel together. [95] 
 Vector  reveals he was Ray and Yuma hid this knowledge from Astral in an effort to destroy Astral's trust in Yuma. He picked away at Astral's darkness and feelings of betrayal, resulting in their inability to turn into ZEXAL and Astral's darkness, bringing about  Dark ZEXAL ; this is due that Yuma's lies which made Astral vulnerable to darkness. [106]  They eventually reconciled and reformed their bond, resulting in  ZEXAL II . [107] 
 
         Astral appears in Yuma's thoughts.     
 When Number 96 attacked Zexal II, Astral immediately ended the fusion and saved Yuma's life. As Astral was forced returned to the Astral World, the pair shared a sad goodbye and Astral thanked Yuma for everything he'd done, leaving Yuma heartbroken. [117]  Afterwards, Yuma spent many sorrowful days locked inside his attic and crying. Despite this, Yuma was still willing to protect the "Numbers" that Astral entrusted to him and fight on. [43]  While Yuma realized that he can't stay depressed forever [138] , he made many Freudian slips whilst trying to maintained an outward happy demeanor, repeatedly thinking of Astral and accidentally calling out to him. This caused many to worried about him and was eventually pushed by his friends to accept that his partner was dead, but Yuma refused to believe that and was willing to face danger and an eternity searching for his beloved friend. [139] [140] [141] 
 While Dueling  Eliphas , Yuma repentantly reflected how arrogant and capricious Astral was when they first met, and how he changed over time and become someone with emotions and cares for others. [118] [45] [142]  On the brink of losing, Yuma realized how Astral played an important role in his life and became his "everything". When they finally reunited, they embraced each other and Yuma said that he would not let Astral go again and asked him not to leave him again, which made Astral smile. [40]  With the happiness of being with together again, Yuma's and Astral's bond had grown even stronger and upgraded to  ZEXAL III . [120] 
 
         Stargazing is a common pastime they do, during which they share many deep conversations.     
 It was later revealed that Astral and Yuma share a close connection to each other - Yuma is the "other half" of Astral that he lost long ago during his battle to  Don Thousand  along and the other half somehow reborn as Yuma. After their fateful Duel, Yuma and Astral reaffirmed their bond with each other, with Astral being Yuma's most precious thing,  and even if they go their different ways, they will never forget each other. Even after Astral went back to Astral World, Yuma often thinks about him. When rogue chaos energy threatens Astral World, Astral and Yuma grew excited to each other and was last seen rushing to reunite. [1] 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 During Astral's first Duel against  Kite Tenjo  with Yuma, he developed a great fear toward him after seeing he Dueling skills surpassing his own and nearly beat him and Yuma. [7] [49]  This left Astral severely depressed for some time and was reluctant to face him again. [22]  However, Astral eventually overcame his fears towards Kite as his bond Yuma grew stronger. [23] 
 They officially meet each other when Kite stole the  Emperor's Key  and was able to entered it, making Kite capable to see him. Astral voiced his respect to Kite and told him that he wish to know about him, but Kite rebuffed all his attempts. [35]  After learning about Astral, Kite saw him as his real rival instead of Yuma since Astral advised Yuma during his Duels. [52]  Throughout the  World Duel Carnival , Astral and Kite showed silent, mutual respect for each other, but couldn't converse since Kite couldn't see or hear him. [14] [63] [77] 
 At the end of WDC, Astral told Kite, who could now see and hear him, that he considered him as a friend when encouraging to continue his rematch against Yuma. [84] 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 Although Astral had little interaction with  Shark , he repeatedly mentioned his respect of Shark's Dueling skills and the impact he has on Yuma. [3] [48] [143]  Conversely, Astral also acknowledged the Duels he and Yuma must face with Shark if he had a " Number " card in his possession and the dark influence they must save him from. [13] [59] [72] [73] [76] 
 Knowing Shark is trustworthy and strong-willed, Astral has no problems letting him keep " Number 32: Shark Drake " card in his possession. [38]  After the Duel with  Vector , Shark can now see and hear Astral, [84]  but they still have little contact with each other.
 Once Astral's theories about Shark and Rio being Nash and Marin were confirmed true, he readily accepted that Shark was his enemy when he saw him with the  Barians . [121]  After Yuma won his Duel against Shark, a dying Shark states that Yuma and Astral are his best friends before before fading away. [136]  Astral eventually uses the  Numeron Code  revived Shark and the other  Seven Barian Emperors  as humans, letting them live a normal lives. When he heard the  Astral World  was facing a new threat, Shark joins Yuma and his friends to repay his debt to Astral. [1] 
 
 Numbers 
 The " Numbers " are Astral's memories and his source of finding out why he has been sent to Earth to be with Yuma. In the  Emperor's Key , Astral usually spends his time trying to understand what his memories mean and gain guidance from them. Astral has stated that he is the embodiment of the "Numbers". [38] 
 Although the cards are a part of him, Astral acknowledged the fact they are also sentient beings with minds of their own, such as  Number 96 , who actively rebelled against him. [51]  The other "Numbers" take on a more passive role, but did not hesitate to take Number 96's side. The only "Number" that is loyal to Astral is  Number 39: Utopia , who is based off Yuma's wishes and desires. [12] [17] 
 Eventually, Astral was managed to obtain of all the "Numbers", finally restoring his full memories and gaining sole control over them. [136] 
 
 
 Deck 
 Anime 
 Main article:  Yuma Tsukumo's Decks § Second Syllable 
 Main article:  Yuma Tsukumo's Decks § Mythyrian Numbers War 
 Astral uses Yuma's Deck, but Yuma uses his Deck with an offensive strategy, while Astral takes a more defensive approach using " Gogogo "  monsters . However, like Yuma, he utilizes various  Spell  and  Trap Cards  and focuses on Summoning " Utopia ", and eventually its  upgraded version .
 While Dueling Yuma, Astral uses a  " Number " Deck [16]  due to him having access to all 100 original "Numbers" and includes the upgraded forms of "Utopia" in his Deck. His Deck's strategy forces on quickly Summoning "Utopia" and its alternate forms, while using " Number 99: Utopic Dragon " as a last resort. Like  Eliphas , he uses no non- Xyz Monsters  in his final Duel.
 
 
 Number Deck Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 25: Force Focus 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 39: Utopia Beyond 
 Number 39: Utopia Roots 
 Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon 
 Number 99: Utopic Dragon 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray V 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double-Rank-Up-Magic Utopia Force 
 Grave Chaos 
 Heat & Heal 
 Hyper-Rank-Up-Magic Ultimate Force 
 Number Fortification 
 Parallel Unit 
 Rank-Down-Magic Utopia Fall 
 Rank-Up-Magic Dark Force 
 Solid Overlay 
 Xyz Treasure 
 Traps 
 Absolute Buster 
 Overlay Accel 
 Rank Revolution 
 The Door of Destiny 
 Scripted Duels 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! North American World Championship Qualifiers 2014 
 
 
 Record
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Tournament
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yami Yugi 
 2014 NAWCQ 
 Lose
 
 
 Astral Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Achaacha Archer 
 Cardcar D 
 Flelf 
 Gagaga Child 
 Gagaga Gardna 
 Gagaga Girl 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Ganbara Knight 
 Gogogo Gigas 
 Gogogo Golem 
 Interceptomato 
 Rai Rider 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Stinging Swordsman Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blustering Winds 
 Double or Nothing! 
 Gagagadraw 
 Gagagarevenge 
 Monster Slots 
 Star Light, Star Bright 
 Thunder Short 
 Tornado 
 Xyz Gift 
 Traps 
 Impenetrable Attack 
 Pinpoint Guard 
 Xyz Reflect 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Don Thousand 
 121 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 23 - 24 
 DRAW  (Duel taken over by  Yuma Tsukumo )
 
 
 Number 96 
 101 - 102 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Number 96 
 111 
 Win (Duel taken over for  Yuma Tsukumo )
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 144 - 146 
 Lose
 
 Numbers absorbed 
 Original Numbers 
 
 
 Monster
 
 Memory contained
 
 Episode
 
 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 
 Astral's name,  Dueling  skills, and how " Numbers " are pieces of his memories.
 
 2  (lent to  Bronk Stone  in  20 , regained in  20 , taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 
 Astral can recover his memories by recovering all other 99 "Numbers".
 
 2  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte 
 
 Astral comes from another dimension called  Astral World .
 
 4  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 Astral's birth and that he was given a mission about his world's future.
 
 8  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus 
 
 His world being attacked.
 
 12  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 19: Freezadon 
 
 His world being attacked.
 
 12  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja 
 
 Unknown
 
 16  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 16: Shock Master 
 
 Unknown
 
 18  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 
 Unknown
 
 18  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 96: Dark Mist 
 
 Earth being destroyed.
 
 20  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen), released in  89 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 25: Force Focus 
 
 Unknown
 
 36  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 7: Lucky Straight 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  37  (off-screen) (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen))
 
 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech 
 
 Various pieces of information about Yuma's world [14] 
 
 49  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen), given to  Trey  in  112 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 
 Various pieces of information about Yuma's world [14] 
 
 49  (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen), given to  Trey  in  112 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 
 Unknown
 
 62  (off-screen) (taken by  Dr. Faker  in  67 , regained prior to  74  (off-screen), given to  Shark  in  68 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 9: Dyson Sphere 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen) (given to  Quinton  in  116 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 10: Illumknight 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen) (given to  Quattro  in  114  off-screen, regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen) (given to  Quattro  in  114  off-screen, regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 53: Heart-eartH 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 56: Gold Rat 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 69: Heraldry Crest 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen) (given to Quattro, regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 24 Unknown "Numbers"
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 
 How to operate the  Different Dimension Airship [104] 
 
 94 
 
 
 Number 44: Sky Pegasus 
 
 Dumon 's past life [112] 
 
 100 
 
 
 Number 54: Lion Heart 
 
 Alito 's past life [112] 
 
 104 
 
 
 Number 64: Ronin Raccoon Sandayu 
 
 Girag 's past life
 
 107  (given to  Alito  in  132 , regained in  143 )
 
 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon 
 
 Unknown
 
 138 
 
 
 Number 1: Numeron Gate Ekam 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 2: Numeron Gate Dve 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 3: Numeron Gate Trini 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 4: Numeron Gate Catvari 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 5: Doom Chimera Dragon 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 43: Manipulator of Souls 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 46: Dragluon 
 
 Mizar 's past life
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 58: Burner Visor 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 62: Galaxy-Eyes Prime Photon Dragon 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 65: Djinn Buster 
 
 Vector 's past life
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 73: Abyss Splash 
 
 Nash 's past life
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk 
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 94: Crystalzero 
 
 Marin 's past life
 
 143 
 
 
 31 Unknown "Numbers"
 
 Unknown
 
 143 
 
 
 Number 99: Utopic Dragon 
 
 Unknown
 
 Prior to  74  (off-screen) or  143 
 
 
 Utopia  Evolved Forms 
 Unlike other "Numbers", which were formed from Astral's memories when he crossed into Yuma's world, these later-formed "Numbers" are upgraded versions of " Number 39: Utopia ", and are not considered part of the original 100 "Numbers". He has five different versions of "Utopia", including three " Number C " cards, one  ranked down  card, and one  Double-ranked up  card in his possession.
 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray " ( episode 18 ) 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " ( episode 88 ) 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " ( episode 98 ) 
 " Number 39: Utopia Roots " ( episode 121 ) 
 " Number 39: Utopia Beyond " ( episode 142 ) 
 Number C 
 Astral obtained most of these Chaos Forms after their final rematch with  Nash , giving him a total of 18 Chaos Numbers, including the three alternate Utopia Number C forms.
 
 " Number C1: Numeron Chaos Gate Sunya " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C5: Chaos Chimera Dragon " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C6: Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C9: Chaos Dyson Sphere " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray " ( episode 18 ) 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " ( episode 88 ) 
 " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " ( episode 98 ) 
 " Number C40: Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C43: High Manipulator of Chaos " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C65: King Overfiend " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C69: Heraldry Crest of Horror " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C73: Abyss Supra Splash " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C80: Requiem in Berserk " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C88: Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C92: Heart-eartH Chaos Dragon " ( episode 143 ) 
 " Number C96: Dark Storm " ( episode 143 ) 
 Observations 
 
 
 nº
 
 Observation (Original Japanese version)
 
 Observation (English dub)
 
 Episode
 
 
 1
 
 " Your  Dueling skills are far inferior to mine."
 
 " This particular human's  Dueling skills are less than skillful."
 
 2 
 
 
 2
 
 " You  are weird."
 
 "When asked to do something, humans behave erratically."
 
 3 
 
 
 3
 
 "Humans must eat and release energy in endless combination. However, they will die the moment anyone sees them doing this."
 
 "After replenishing their energy, humans retire to a private magical room, and if they are bothered while inside their magic room, they will transform into a rodent."
 
 3 
 
 
 4
 
 "The world inside ( Yuma's pendant ) is not something of this world."
 
 "This world, like  Yuma , is a complex machine. But not as annoying. It is complicated in design, like a puzzle."
 
 3 
 
 
 5
 
 "Humans feel pain in their hearts."
 
 "Words can hurt a human's heart. I will remember that."
 
 3 
 
 
 6
 
 "Humans will do their best when given praise."
 
 "Praise motivates humans."
 
 4 
 
 
 7
 
 "The pieces of my memories, the " Numbers ", cause the darkness and desires in the hearts of those who touch them to be amplified."
 
 "Number cards affect people. They change them. They seem to amplify their individual wants and desires, almost to the point that they take over. I need to remember that."
 
 4 
 
 
 8
 
 "Yuma is forbidden from Dueling."
 
 "Humans have ears, but that does not mean they always listen."
 
 5 
 
 
 9
 
 "Yuma has a hidden motive too, Ura."
 
 "Glasses are hip."
 
 6 
 
 
 10
 
 "The feelings of a mother. Somehow I can understand them."
 
 "The bond between a human parent and a human child is strong. Very strong."
 
 8 
 
 
 11
 
 "Seems like Yuma still doesn't understand women's feelings."
 
 "It seems that Yuma is totally and utterly incapable of understanding the females of his species."
 
 9 
 
 
 12
 
 "This is  your   Duel ."
 
 "Not every Duelist in this world Duels with honor. Some are willing to compromise their spirits as long as it means winning."
 
 12 
 
 
 13
 
 "As long as you have friends, you are able to hope and believe."
 
 "As long as you have friends, you have hope."
 
 18 
 
 
 13.a.
 
 None
 
 "Yuma is my friend."
 
 18 
 
 
 14
 
 "Yuma, it seems you're loved by everyone."
 
 "The people who know Yuma, love Yuma."
 
 19 
 
 
 15
 
 "The thing called soccer seems to be profound."
 
 "Soccer is a thinking man's game, you should stick to sleeping."
 
 27 
 
 
 16
 
 "Kattobingu also means liking tomatoes."
 
 "The human stomach is as complicated as the human brain."
 
 30 
 
 
 17
 
 "When human beings hurt one another with their words, they have no memory of it afterward."
 
 "Sometimes individuals speak without listening to what they're saying. This is dangerous because words are extremely powerful, they can hurt their friends."
 
 35 
 
 
 18
 
 "Cattobingu, Doggobingu... There are many ways to Kattobingu waiting in this world. I wonder if there's a way to connect people around the world this way."
 
 "People say dogs are a man's best friend. Yuma would make a good dog."
 
 39 
 
 
 19
 
 "Yuma is, indeed, an idiot."
 
 "Yuma is as bad a driver as a Duelist."
 
 53 
 
 
 20
 
 "It seems there is a good feeling even with defeat."
 
 "Even in a duel lost, can a friendship be found."
 
 73 
 
 
 21 (Dub)
 
 None
 
 "Yuma would make a good cartoon character in real life."
 
 78 
 
 
 21/22 (Dub)
 
 "Occasionally humans may not honestly express their feelings. Be it as it is...Friends are something good."
 
 "Humans express their friendship in many different ways. Some do it quite loudly, while others speak volumes with their silence. I prefer the latter."
 
 84 
 
 
 23 (Dub)
 
 None
 
 "The human "hunch" is peculiar. Though it holds no basis and fact, human beliefs in it can drive them to turn their hunch into reality. I hope this is one of those times.
 
 129 
 
 
 Final (Dub)
 
 None
 
 "Even galaxies apart, friendship is forever."
 
 146 
 
 Trivia 
 Astral was the first character to be designed for  ZEXAL , and the one who Kazuki Takahashi claims to be most attached to. 
 Astral has many similarities with  Yami Yugi .
 Both are amnesic spirits whose memories are linked to certain cards (Numbers and  Egyptian Gods ). 
 Both are connected to their partners by a golden artifact wore as a necklace (Emperor's Key and  Millennium Puzzle ). 
 Both have struggled with the thought of defeat. However, Yami Yugi is more about pride while losing for Astral in a Number Duel would cause his death. 
 Both were briefly consumed by darkness (Chaos and  Orichalcos ). 
 Both have Dueled against their partner at the end of their series and lost. They also used their  ace monsters  (Astral used all the forms of "Utopia", while Yami Yugi used the Egyptian Gods, " Dark Magician " and " Dark Magician Girl ").
 Coincidentally, Astral and Yami Yugi Dueled each other a scripted Duel for the 2014 North American Yugioh World Championship, during which Astral noted the similarities between Yami's relationship with Yugi and his with Yuma's. 
 Both are never tearful, with rare exceptions (Astral once Eliphas dies and in the series finale, and Yami Yugi in 4 episodes of the fourth season of the original series). 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png .  and  "Main Character Comparison Sheet" .  http://40.media.tumblr.com/536927e46afc80f3421681c5b566354a/tumblr_n37ishvPTv1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 10: " Shark Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 7: " Numbers Hunter!! " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 9: " Feline Frenzy " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep4" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 13: " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   8.2   8.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 22: " The Shark Hunter " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 25: " Frozen in Time "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep25" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   10.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 44: " Rock and a Hard Place " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 13: " The Second Assassin!! " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   12.2   12.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 38: " Double Jeopardy: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   14.2   14.3   14.4   14.5   14.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 50: " Party Panic "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep50" defined multiple times with different content   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep50" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 2: " Go With the Flow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  16.0   16.1   16.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 145: " Outclassed and Outmatched " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   17.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 37: " Double Jeopardy: Part 1 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep37" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   18.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 89: " Darkness Dawns " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   19.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 106: " Put to the Test: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  20.0   20.1   20.2   20.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 7: " The Sparrow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   22.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 15: " Training Days, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   23.2   23.3   23.4   23.5   23.6   23.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 18: " It's in the Cards, Part 2 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep18" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   24.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 67: " Sphere of Fear: Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 39: " Pets Peeved " 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 17: " It's in the Cards, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  27.0   27.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 130: " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  29.0   29.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 36: " Bad Developments: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 6: " Flipping Out, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  31.0   31.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 54: " Welcome to the Jungle " 
 
 ↑  32.0   32.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 31: " Life is a Carnival: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  33.0   33.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 86: " Counter Offensive: Part 2 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep86" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  34.0   34.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 102: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  35.0   35.1   35.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep23" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  36.0   36.1   36.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep24" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  37.0   37.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 40: " About Hart " 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   38.2   38.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 68: " The Countdown Begins "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep68" defined multiple times with different content   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep68" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  39.0   39.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 99: " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " 
 
 ↑  40.0   40.1   40.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑  41.0   41.1   41.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 140: " A Thousand Ways to Lose " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 139: " The Source Code " 
 
 ↑  43.0   43.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 112: " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  44.0   44.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 129: " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  45.0   45.1   45.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 119: " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 8: " The Sparrow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  48.0   48.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 11: " The Pack, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  49.0   49.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 14: " The Number Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 16: " Training Days, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  51.0   51.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 20: " Roots of the Problem "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep20" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  52.0   52.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep26" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 27: " A Team Performance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 28: " Heavy Metal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 29: " Love Hurts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 30: " No Tomato " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 32: " Life is a Carnival: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 33: " Foolish Fans " 
 
 ↑  59.0   59.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 34: " Shark Bait "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep34" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 35: " Bad Developments: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 41: " Losing Hart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 42: " A Dubious Duo " 
 
 ↑  63.0   63.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 43: " The Dragon Awakens "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep43" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑  65.0   65.1   65.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 48: " Exit: Astral " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 52: " Roller Coaster Rampage! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 53: " Test Your Luck! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 55: " Portal of Doom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 56: " Cosmic Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 57: " Depths of Darkness " 
 
 ↑  72.0   72.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 58: " Swimming With Sharks "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep58" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  73.0   73.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 59: " Rockin' and Rollin' "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep59" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  74.0   74.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 60: " Doctor Visit "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep60" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 61: " Duel of Destiny: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  76.0   76.1   76.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 62: " Duel of Destiny: Part 2 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep62" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  77.0   77.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 63: " The Hart of the Matter "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep63" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 64: " Change of Hart " 
 
 ↑  79.0   79.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 65: " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 66: " Sphere of Fear: Part II " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 69: " A Trio's Challenge: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 70: " A Trio's Challenge: Part II " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 71: " A Trio's Challenge: Part III " 
 
 ↑  84.0   84.1   84.2   84.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep72" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  85.0   85.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  86.0   86.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 76: " Hard Knox " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 77: " Rule Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 78: " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " 
 
 ↑  90.0   90.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 79: " Doom in Bloom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 80: " Rivals in the Ring " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 82: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 83: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  95.0   95.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 84: " Playing Defense " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 85: " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 87: " Dual Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 88: " Dual Duel: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 93: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 94: " Enter Vector " 
 
 ↑  104.0   104.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 96: " Shadows of Deception " 
 
 ↑  106.0   106.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 97: " Sinister Shadows " 
 
 ↑  107.0   107.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 98: " Shadows End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 100: " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 101: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 103: " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 104: " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  112.0   112.1   112.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 105: " Put to the Test: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 107: " Furry Fury " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 108: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 109: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 110: " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  117.0   117.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 111: " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  118.0   118.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 118: " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 122: " Assimilation, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  120.0   120.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 123: " Assimilation, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  121.0   121.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 124: " Battle with the Barians " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 125: " Fight for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 126: " Farewell for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 127: " Settling the Score, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 128: " Settling the Score, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 131: " Power Play " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 132: " Barian vs. Barian " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 133: " Vector the Victor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 134: " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 136: " The Forsaken Palace " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 137: " Clash of the Emperors " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 138: " The New World " 
 
 ↑  134.0   134.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 141: " The Fate of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑  136.0   136.1   136.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 143: " The Future of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 113: " Memory Thief: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 114: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 115: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 116: " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 120: " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 12: " The Pack, Part 2 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Astral  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Duel Carnival  (Astral) 
 World Duel Carnival  (Zexal) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Astral) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links  (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Astral_closeup.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20201126183823', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Astral%27s_Lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130715020415', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/Astral-l.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20201116122203', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Astral_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110913091631', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Astral_dueling_Don_Thousand.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131020205654', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Yuas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110419115703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Yuma_and_Astral_during_Ukyo%27s_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110908153913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/The_Astral_World.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110515100248', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/Numbers_20_Ant-Soil_Brilliant.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120220175646', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/Yuma_and_Astral_do_Chaos_Xyz_Change.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110921175939', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/DarkAstral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110823115635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/Astral_with_the_Number_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110910210521', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/AstralVSKite.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110919093139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/ZEXAL_POWER.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110919194500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/Astral_think.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111025012601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/Number96DarkMistversusNumber39Utopia.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20111228075554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/AstralItHelpsHaruto.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120201012118', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/III_Stuns_Astral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120313000908', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Tori%2C_Yuma_and_Astral_in_the_Duel_Coaster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120417220541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/GiantFakerHologram1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160115041206', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/PreXyzChangeZEXAL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140606024537', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/AstralFirstMeal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140606024953', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/Astral_Numbers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130425204935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/Astral_and_Numbers.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121216030452', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/ZXx175_Tori_and_Astral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121015023849', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Astral_collecting_the_memories.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121214191730', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Astral_seeing_the_Rank-Up_Magic_card.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130306010259', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/ZEXAL_Episode_96.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130324100038', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/CorruptedAstral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130331090501', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/Dark_Mist_Vs._Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130428131559', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/JinlongTellsHisStory.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130626055228', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/DifferentDimensionAirshipMeeting108.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130927202341', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Astral_pierced_by_Dark_Mist.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130708092115', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Astrals_Death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130707143624', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Astral_Asleep.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130904014239', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/YumaAstralReunite.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131108050042', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/YumaAndAstralStillBickering.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131209044142', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Zexal-138-ending.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140126125555', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/AstralNavigatingtheNetwork.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140204041212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/Nash_vs_Astral_%26_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104001847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/YumaandAstralNumeronDoubt.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140220213606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/AstralAbsorbsNash%27sNumbers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140308191516', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Astral_declares_his_mission.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104004710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Astral_plays_his_Numbers.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104004829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/The_Door_of_Destiny_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104005023', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Astral_tells_Yuma_loves_his_smile.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104003625', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Astral_going_to_meet_Yuma.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150104005132', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Manga_Astral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120629191020', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/Astral_%28D_Team_ZEXAL%29.gif/revision/latest?cb=20120516235548', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/AstralDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930141503', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/AstralMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/133?cb=20190613151110', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Astral-Clash.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20131113144949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Astral_%26_Yuma_fighting.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Yuma_%26_Astral.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150110021243', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Yuma_thinking_of_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021454', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Yuma_%26_Astral_Stargazing.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150110021916']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Characters, Astral pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters