Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ninja


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Ninja 
 忍者 「 にんじゃ 」  ( Ninja ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Kunoichi Ayame the Ninja Girl ", " Ninja Commando Kabuki ", " Ninja Soldier Katana " and " Ninja Commander Ikusa " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 忍者 
 
 
 French 
 Ninja 
 
 
 German 
 Ninja 
 
 
 Italian 
 Ninja 
 
 
 Korean 
 첩자 諜者   (Hanja)   Cheopja   (romanized) Translation:  Spy 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Ninja 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Ninja 
 
 
 Other names 
 ; Arabic النينجا 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon Starter Deck: Pegasus Invasion of Chaos Soul of the Duelist Ancient Sanctuary The Lost Millennium Structure Deck - Warrior's Triumph Structure Deck - Lord of the Storm Force of the Breaker Starstrike Blast Storm of Ragnarok Photon Shockwave Order of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Raging Tempest Burst of Destiny Darkwing Blast Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Beginning 1 Dark Revelation Volume 2 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Starter Deck - Jaden Yuki Return of the Duelist Battle Pack Tournament prize cards Abyss Rising Star Pack 2013 Cosmo Blazer: Special Edition Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge Shadows in Valhalla Speed Duel: Battle City Box Tactical Masters OTS Tournament Pack 20 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Expert Edition Volume 3 Extra Pack 2012 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights Half-Deck: DARK Half-Deck: LIGHT Collectors Pack 2017 Extra Pack 2019 Deck Build Pack: Tactical Masters Animation Chronicle 2022 Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 V Jump September 2022 promotional card Darkwing Blast +1 Bonus Pack Deck Build Pack: Tactical Masters Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.4 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Ninja " ( 忍 者   Ninja ) is an  archetype  of mostly  Warrior   monsters , in addition to some  Machines  (such as some members of the " Karakuri " and " Superheavy Samurai " archetypes). A handful of the "Ninja" cards existed in the  TCG  and  OCG  prior to being united by support cards in later sets. Characters that used "Ninja" decks in the anime include  Jean-Claude Magnum ,  Kaze ,  Moon Shadow  and  Sun Shadow .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Playing style 
 2   Weaknesses 
 3   Recommended cards 
 
 3.1   "Wind Ninja" 
 3.2   "P.A.N - Pendulum Apex Ninja" 
 3.3   "Dragon Ninja" 
 3.4   "Ninjitsu Art" 
 
 
 4   Official Decks 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Playing style 
 Constructing a Deck based around "Ninja" monsters is no simple feat, as they don't fight by conventional means; the Spell, Trap and Monster cards of the "Ninja" archetype revolve around underhanded, control-based strategies rather than all-out attacking or swarming.
 For offensive examples, " Strike Ninja " can temporarily remove itself from the Field (dodging a card effect). " Sasuke " can bypass walls such as " Marshmallon " and higher DEF Monsters. Other "Ninja" tend to work behind the scenes, such as the effect of " Upstart Golden Ninja " for summoning, and the effect of " Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo "  toolboxing  effect.
 Overall, "Ninja" Decks can be made in a variety of ways, but since Ninja-specific support is few and far in between, most of their abilities are far from game-breaking, making them more of an uncommon rogue Deck to use. However, they can excel against  Stall Decks  that revolve around a particular, titular card (Which "Ninja" are adept at destroying). The  transformation   traps  in their arsenal give "Ninja" splashability with " Mist Valley ", " Chaos ", " Dragon ", " Dark Simorgh Lockdown " and " Monarch " Decks, among others.
 To effectively play the archetype, "Ninja" Duelists must consider a large variety of monsters. For example,  WIND  and/or  Winged-Beast -oriented Decks aid " Lady Ninja Yae ", while  DARK  monsters will keep up the stealth of " Strike Ninja ". Others still, such as " Goe Goe " and " Ebisu ", work better together than alone. Ideally, one should attempt to use monsters that fill several niches in one Deck; for example, " Dark Simorgh " is DARK, WIND and Winged-Beast, giving support to not only the above Ninja and " Hanzo ", but is an ideal target for " Ninjitsu Art of Transformation ". Continuing on this idea, " Roc from the Valley of Haze " can return to the Deck once he is discarded by "Yae" to become her transformation target within the same turn.
 The age-old " Armed Ninja " and " Crimson Ninja " will be difficult to use in a Deck, as their effects are sub-par, and their low level makes them a less-than-ideal target for the transformation Traps; they instead are more useful when paired with such cards as " Ninjitsu Art of Duplication " and " Senior Silver Ninja ", both of which enable the weak "Ninja" to swarm the Field, ready to Flip.
 " White Dragon Ninja " is one of the strongest monsters in this archetype and is meant to be paired with " Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation " by means of her own effect that protects the controlling player's back-row. This card has a strong synergy with the card " Safe Zone ", due to it then being indestructable apart from being returned to the user's hand from an effect such as " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ". Some monsters, such as " Tyrant Dragon " and " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", also have means to bypass the debilitating effects of Super-Transformation.
 If one is using a lot of " Ninjitsu Art " cards in their Deck, they may need to consider including means to remove them once they have outlived their use; " Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy " was made for this purpose, but " Magic Planter " and " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames " can also profit off of a "Ninjitsu Art"-heavy Deck. Although slow, " Karakuri Ninja mdl 339 "Sazank" " is another useful tool for dispatching an enemy monster that might have bypassed one's Traps and other Monsters. Lastly, if you run a Warrior-only "Ninja" Deck, you can use " The Immortal Bushi " to Tribute Set "Senior Silver Ninja" and start the swarming.
 
 Weaknesses 
 There are ways to break the  Safe Zone  and  White Dragon Ninja  lock once it has been completed, such as using  Trap Stun  to temporarily remove Safe Zone's protection from White Dragon Ninja, using  Trap Eater  to remove Safe Zone (since it doesn't destroy), using  Book of Eclipse  to flip White Dragon Ninja face-down (since it doesn't target or destroy), both removing Safe Zone's protection and temporarily nullifying White Dragon Ninja's effect, or using  Skill Drain .
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Air Armor Ninja 
 Armed Ninja 
 Blue Dragon Ninja 
 Black Dragon Ninja 
 Crimson Ninja 
 Earth Armor Ninja 
 Flame Armor Ninja 
 Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja 
 Masked Ninja Ebisu 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo 
 Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke 
 Red Dragon Ninja 
 Senior Silver Ninja 
 Strike Ninja 
 Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun 
 Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu 
 Upstart Golden Ninja 
 White Dragon Ninja 
 White Ninja 
 Yellow Dragon Ninja 
 Yellow Ninja 
 Alector, Sovereign of Birds 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Little Trooper 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Twilight Ninja Jogen 
 Twilight Ninja Kagen Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja 
 Heroic Champions 
 Other  Rank 4  or  Rank 5  monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Ninja Grandmaster Saizo Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy 
 Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts 
 Ninjitsu Art Notebook 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Magic Planter 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Upstart Goblin 
 Traps 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist 
 Ninjitsu Art of Duplication 
 Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation 
 Ninjitsu Art of Shadow Sealing 
 Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Safe Zone 
 "Wind Ninja" 
 Works well with  Mist Valley  themed Decks and Decks that focus on " Dark Simorgh ". With the release of Order of Chaos, this type of deck can become more competitive, since it's now possible to merge some Ninja cards to strengthen this deck, mainly " Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo " which can easily search for " Ninjitsu Art of Transformation ". Set the trap immediately and activate it during your opponent's Draw Phase, summoning " Mist Valley Apex Avian " or " Dark Simorgh " from your deck.
 
 " Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja " and "Ninja" in general get support in the form of " Masked Ninja Ebisu ", who can send set Spell/Trap cards back to your opponent's hand for an safer and cleaner strike. "Goe Goe" can then attack directly via the effect of "Ebisu" (Twice directly if you use the effect of "Blade Armor Ninja" or multiple "Goe Goe"), and possibly discard cards from their hand, including ones sent back with "Ebisu". 
 Use " Lady Ninja Yae " to bounce your opponent's cards, and use "Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja" or " Masked Ninja Ebisu " to discard them. "Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja" or "Masked Ninja Ebisu" can also be used as the cost for this card. 
 " Red Dragon Ninja " creates a loop, using  Call of the Haunted  and  Mist Valley Falcon , you continuously revive and destroy  Red Dragon Ninja  by bouncing  Call of the Haunted  with  Mist Valley Falcon  when you attack. Once Red Dragon Ninja's effect goes off 2-3 times you'll usually win the game. 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Mist Valley Falcon 
 Mist Valley Thunderbird 
 Red Dragon Ninja 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo 
 Strike Ninja 
 Upstart Golden Ninja 
 Air Armor Ninja 
 Masked Ninja Ebisu 
 Lady Ninja Yae 
 Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Lightning Chidori Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Divine Wind of Mist Valley 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Magic Planter 
 Traps 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Fiendish Chain 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 "P.A.N - Pendulum Apex Ninja" 
 Set-up your Pendulum Scales and Ninja Transformation plays. Ideally, you'll summon Apex Avian with Transformation. Apex can negate a card by returning itself to the hand, it makes the perfect monster for you to continuously Pendulum Summon every turn from your hand allowing you to negate 1 card every turn and also giving you a massive attacking body. Use its effect to negate something and Pendulum Summon it later. Backrow and draw power cards help. The decks primary offensive plays are Rank 4 Xyz Summons, Transformation and Pendulum Summons.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Mist Valley Falcon 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo 
 Upstart Golden Ninja 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician 
 Dragonpit Magician 
 Dragonpulse Magician 
 Wisdom-Eye Magician 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
Rank 4 monsters. Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Divine Wind of Mist Valley 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Magic Planter 
 Upstart Goblin 
 Traps 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation 
 Reckless Greed 
 Solemn Warning 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 "Dragon Ninja" 
 Main article:  Dragon Ninja 
 Later sets brought out " Blue Dragon Ninja " and " Red Dragon Ninja ", giving further (albeit niched) support to the Super-Transformation and 'regular' Transformation sets, respectively. 
 While you control " White Dragon Ninja ", your "Heavy Storm" essentially becomes "Harpie's Feather Duster" or a better control player's back-row. 
 " Red Dragon Ninja " for return that set card to the top or bottom of the Deck. 
 "Black Dragon Ninja"  allows you to banish a monster simply by sending a "Ninja" Monster and a "Ninjitsu Art" card on your field or in your hand to the graveyard. This is especially good in Control variants as the effect is a Quick Effect, enabling you to banish a key monster the instant it's Summoned as well as sending a useless "Decoy" or "Freezing" art card to the graveyard, freeing up a Spell/Trap card Zone. Although beware: any monster banished by the effect of "Black Dragon Ninja" will return when the card is removed from the field. 
 "Ninjitsu Art" 
 Main article:  Ninjitsu Art 
 " Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing " acts as a one-time " Negate Attack " (in terms of effect) that also prevents your opponent's monster from changing battle positions. 
 " Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist " can halve the ATK of any monster Special Summoned to the field, possibly stopping a swarm. 
 " Ninjitsu Art of Transformation ", can be used by order to Special Summon "Dark Simorgh". Can be part of a lockdown: Use "Anti-Spell Fragrance" so that your opponent can't activate Spell Cards from their hand, nor activate them when on the field. 
 " Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation " can be used to take out one of your opponent's more troublesome monsters, and replace it with a stronger and more splashable monster of your own, such as 'Blue' or 'White' Dragon Ninja.
 However, these Traps rely on the presence of at least one face-up "Ninja" on the Field; one must keep this in mind if they are planning to use a larger number of outsiders such as " Cyber Dragon " (Over "Earth Armor") and " Necro Gardna " (Over "Aqua Armor"). 
 " Ninjitsu Art of Duplication " main use is for an OTK/Power play. Like Transformation, it can also be used to dodge targeting card effects and get rid of extra attacks. 
 " Ninjitsu Art of Shadow Sealing " just like the other previous ninjitsu art cards, this can be used to dodge targeting card effects. The difference, however, is instead of summoning a monster, you get to banish one of your opponent's. This can be useful in addressing the deck's weakness of spot removal. Many write off the card, but when using it in this fashion, it is actually a useful card that works out card advantage wise. Still, it's better as a side against Evilswarm and other XYZ reliant decks. 
 Official Decks 
 
 “Traptrix” + “Ninja” Deck [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite  x1 
 Dogoran, the Mad Flame Kaiju  x1 
 Kumongous, the Sticky String Kaiju  x1 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo  x3 
 Senior Silver Ninja  x1 
 Traptrix Dionaea  x3 
 Traptrix Mantis  x2 
 Traptrix Myrmeleo  x3 
 Upstart Golden Ninja  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Supreme King Dragon Darkwurm  x3 
 Supreme King Gate Zero  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Emeral  x1 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon  x1 
 Evilswarm Ouroboros  x1 
 Number 103: Ragnazero  x1 
 Number 39: Utopia  x1 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning  x1 
 Traptrix Rafflesia  x3 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician  x1 
 Borreload Dragon  x1 
 Decode Talker  x1 
 Missus Radiant  x2 
 Proxy Dragon  x1 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy  x1 
 Ninjitsu Art Notebook  x1 
 Reinforcement of the Army  x1 
 Traps 
 Acid Trap Hole  x1 
 Back to the Front  x3 
 Bottomless Trap Hole  x2 
 Double Trap Hole  x1 
 Jar of Avarice  x1 
 Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation  x2 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation  x1 
 Trap Hole of Spikes  x1 
 Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare  x2 
 Trivia 
 " Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja ", " Masked Ninja Ebisu ", " Lady Ninja Yae ", and " Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke " are characters based on  Konami 's popular video game series  Legend of the Mystical Ninja . Incidentally, all the " Sasuke Samurai " monsters are from this series, as well. 
 
 
 Ninja card
 
 Origin
 
 
 Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja 
 
 Goemon 
 
 
 Lady Ninja Yae 
 
 Yae 
 
 
 Masked Ninja Ebisu 
 
 Ebisumaru 
 
 
 Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke 
 
 Sasuke 
 
 
 " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Transfer ", " Blind Spot Strike ", " Spy Attack " and " Debunk " suggests that "Ninjas" have some sort of rivalry with the " Shien ". Also, " Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation " implies a rivalry between the "Ninjas" and the " Karakuri " monsters. 
 References 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  Sleeve Winner Deck Recipes  
 
 
 v e 
 Ninja  cards 
   
" Ninja " 「 忍 者 」 Members 
 Air Armor Ninja Aqua Armor Ninja Armed Ninja Baku the Beast Ninja Black Dragon Ninja Blade Armor Ninja Blue Dragon Ninja Crimson Ninja Earth Armor Ninja Flame Armor Ninja Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja Green Ninja Jio the Stacked Ninja Kagero the Cannon Ninja Karakuri Ninja mdl 339 "Sazank" Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" Karakuri Ninja mdl 919 "Kuick" Lady Ninja Yae Masked Ninja Ebisu Meizen the Battle Ninja Mitsu the Insect Ninja Nazuki the Vaylantz Ninja Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo Ninja Grandmaster Saizo Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja Penguin Ninja Red Dragon Ninja Senior Silver Ninja Strike Ninja Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja Tobari the Sky Ninja Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun Twilight Ninja Jogen Twilight Ninja Kagen Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin Twilight Ninja Shingetsu Upstart Golden Ninja White Dragon Ninja White Ninja Yaguramaru the Armored Ninja Yellow Dragon Ninja Yellow Ninja 
 Support 
 Air Armor Ninja Aqua Armor Ninja Baku the Beast Ninja Black Dragon Ninja Blade Armor Ninja Blue Dragon Ninja Flame Armor Ninja Kagero the Cannon Ninja Masked Ninja Ebisu Meizen the Battle Ninja Mitsu the Insect Ninja Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo Ninja Grandmaster Saizo Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja Red Dragon Ninja Senior Silver Ninja Tobari the Sky Ninja Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun Twilight Ninja Jogen Twilight Ninja Kagen Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin Twilight Ninja Shingetsu Upstart Golden Ninja Yaguramaru the Armored Ninja Yellow Dragon Ninja Yellow Ninja 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist Fuhma Shuriken Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts Ninjitsu Art Notebook Ninjitsu Art Notebook of Mystery Ninjitsu Art Tool - Iron Digger Ninjitsu Art of Dancing Leaves Ninjitsu Art of Decoy Ninjitsu Art of Duplication Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation Ninjitsu Art of Shadow Sealing Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation Ninjitsu Art of Transformation A World Shrouded in Darkness 
 Related 
 Ansatsu Kunoichi Nin-Ken Dog 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Marching 
 
   
 Armor Ninja   機 甲 忍 者 Members 
 Air Armor Ninja Aqua Armor Ninja Blade Armor Ninja Earth Armor Ninja Flame Armor Ninja Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja 
 Related 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing 
 
   
 Dragon Ninja   竜 の 忍者 Members 
 Black Dragon Ninja Blue Dragon Ninja Red Dragon Ninja White Dragon Ninja Yellow Dragon Ninja 
 Related 
 Armed Ninja Crimson Ninja Strike Ninja White Ninja Yellow Ninja 
 
 v e 
" Ninja " 「 忍 者 」 a   Members 
 Air Armor Ninja Aqua Armor Ninja Armed Ninja Blade Armor Ninja Earth Armor Ninja Flame Armor Ninja Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja Lady Ninja Yae Ninja Commander Ikusa Ninja Commando Kabuki Ninja Grandmaster Sasuke Ninja Master Shogun Ninja Soldier Katana Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja Strike Ninja Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun Twilight Ninja Jogen Twilight Ninja Kagen Twilight Ninja Shingetsu 
 Support 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing Armor Ninjitsu Art of Revival Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist Armor Ninjitsu Art of Teleportation Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Extinguishment Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Shuriken Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Toad Ninja Commando Kabuki Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun Twilight Ninja Jogen Twilight Ninja Kagen Twilight Ninja Shingetsu 
 Related 
 Great Kite of Ninja Kunoichi Ayame the Ninja Girl Mosquito Commando Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin 
 
 v e 
 Armor Ninja   機 甲 忍 者 a   Members 
 Air Armor Ninja Aqua Armor Ninja Blade Armor Ninja Earth Armor Ninja Flame Armor Ninja Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Ninjas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120602195010']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)