Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Exa,_Enforcer_of_the_Nekroz


 
 
 Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz 影霊衣 の 戦 士  エグザ 
 
 English 
Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz 
 French 
 Exa, Exécuteur Nékroz Check translation 
 German 
 Exa, Eisenkralle der Nekroz Check translation 
 Italian 
 Exa, Esecutore dei Nekroz Check translation 
 Korean 
 네크로즈의 전사 에그자 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Exa, o Executor de Necroz Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Exa, Sicario de los Necroz Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ネクロスのせんし エグザ Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 影霊衣の戦士 エグザ Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Nekurosu no Senshi Eguza 
 Japanese (translated) 
Exa, Warrior of the Nekroz 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 WATER   
 Types 
 Dragon  /  Effect 
 Level 
 5   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 2000  /  1000 
 Passcode 
 53180020 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Trigger 
 Trigger 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
If this card is  Tributed  by a card  effect : You can  add  1  Dragon - Type  " Nekroz "  Ritual Monster  from your  Deck  to your  hand . If this card is  banished : You can  target  1 of your banished "Nekroz"  monsters , except this card;  Special Summon  that monster. You can only use 1 "Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz" effect per  turn , and only  once that turn . 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Si cette carte est Sacrifiée par un effet de carte : vous pouvez ajouter 1 Monstre Rituel "Nékroz" de Type Dragon depuis votre Deck à votre main. Si cette carte est bannie : vous pouvez cibler 1 de vos monstres "Nékroz" bannis (cette carte exclue) ; Invoquez Spécialement le monstre. Vous ne pouvez utiliser qu'1 effet de "Exa, Exécuteur Nékroz" par tour, et uniquement une fois le tour. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Falls diese Karte durch einen Karteneffekt als Tribut angeboten wird: Du kannst deiner Hand 1 „Nekroz“-Ritualmonster vom Typ Drache von deinem Deck hinzufügen. Falls diese Karte verbannt wird: Du kannst 1 deiner verbannten „Nekroz“-Monster wählen, außer dieser Karte; beschwöre das Monster als Spezialbeschwörung. Du kannst nur 1 Effekt von „Exa, Eisenkralle der Nekroz“ pro Spielzug verwenden und in dem Spielzug nur einmal. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Se questa carta viene offerta come Tributo dall'effetto di una carta: puoi aggiungere 1 Mostro Rituale "Nekroz" di Tipo Drago dal tuo Deck alla tua mano. Se questa carta viene bandita: puoi scegliere come bersaglio 1 dei tuo mostri "Nekroz" banditi, eccetto questa carta; Evoca Specialmente quel mostro. Puoi utilizzare solo 1 effetto di "Exa, Esecutore dei Nekroz" per turno, e solo una volta in quel turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Se este card for oferecido como Tributo por um efeito de card: você pode adicionar 1 Monstro de Ritual "Necroz" do Tipo Dragão do seu Deck à sua mão. Se este card for banido: você pode escolher 1 dos seus monstros "Necroz" banidos, exceto este card; Invoque esse monstro por Invocação-Especial. Você só pode usar 1 efeito de "Exa, o Executor de Necroz" por turno e apenas uma vez por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Si esta carta es Sacrificada por el efecto de una carta: puedes añadir a tu mano 1 Monstruo de Ritual "Necroz" de Tipo Dragón en tu Deck. Si esta carta es desterrada: puedes seleccionar 1 de tus monstruos "Necroz" desterrados, excepto esta carta; Invoca ese monstruo de Modo Especial. Sólo puedes usar 1 efecto de "Exa, Sicario de los Necroz" por turno, y sólo una vez ese turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「影霊衣の戦士 エグザ」の①②の効果は１ターンに１度、いずれか１つしか使用できない。①：このカードが効果でリリースされた場合に発動できる。デッキからドラゴン族の「影霊衣」儀式モンスター１体を手札に加える。②：このカードが除外された場合、このカード以外の除外されている自分の「影霊衣」モンスター１体を対象と して発動できる。そのモンスターを特殊召喚する。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "네크로즈의 전사 에그자"의 ①②의 효과는 1턴에 1번, 1개밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 이 카드가 효과로 릴리스되었을 경우에 발동할 수 있다. 덱에서 드래곤족의 "네크로즈" 의식 몬스터 1장을 패에 넣는다. ②: 이 카드가 제외되었을 경우, 이 카드 이외의 제외되어 있는 자신의 "네크로즈" 몬스터 1장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 몬스터를 특수 소환한다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-EN012 The Secret Forces Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-FR012 The Secret Forces Les Forces Secrètes Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-DE012 The Secret Forces The Secret Forces Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-IT012 The Secret Forces Le Forze Segrete Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2015-02-13 THSF-PT012 The Secret Forces As Forças Secretas Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-SP012 The Secret Forces Las Fuerzas Secretas Super Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP012 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Common 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP012 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Normal Parallel Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR012 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Common 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR012 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Normal Parallel Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Supports   
 Dragon 
 Ritual Monster 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Nekroz 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Nekroz 
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Zefra 
 
 Actions  
 Adds from Deck to hand 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Special Summons the player's banished monsters 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only 1 effect once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 11482 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Nekroz " 「 影霊衣 」 Members 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Support 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Catastor Ally of Justice Decisive Armor Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Construct Fabled Valkyrus Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Emilia Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Mist Bird Clausolas Naelshaddoll Ariel Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth Speaker for the Ice Barriers The Fabled Unicore Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 
   
" Zefra " 「セフィラ」 Members 
 Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica Ritual Beast Tamer Zefrawendi Satellarknight Zefrathuban Shaddoll Zefracore Shaddoll Zefranaga Stellarknight Zefraxciton Zefra Metaltron Zefraath Zefraniu, Secret of the Yang Zing Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing 
 Chosen of Zefra Oracle of Zefra Zefra Divine Strike Zefra Path Zefra Providence Zefra War 
 Support 
 Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica Ritual Beast Tamer Zefrawendi Satellarknight Zefrathuban Shaddoll Zefracore Shaddoll Zefranaga Stellarknight Zefraxciton Zefraath Zefraniu, Secret of the Yang Zing Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing 
 Chosen of Zefra Oracle of Zefra Zefra Divine Strike Zefra Path Zefra Providence Zefra War 
 Related 
 Chiwen, Light of the Yang Zing Daigusto Laplampilica El Shaddoll Wendigo Evilswarm Exciton Knight Evilswarm Kerykeion Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Gem-Knight Crystal Gem-Knight Phantom Quartz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing Pilica, Descendant of Gusto Qadshaddoll Keios Reeshaddoll Wendi Ritual Beast Tamer Wen Ritual Beast Ulti-Pettlephin Spiritual Beast Pettlephin Spiritual Beast Rampengu Taotie, Shadow of the Yang Zing 
 Shaddoll Core 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/ExaEnforceroftheNekroz-THSF-EN-SR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150213181600', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918052107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards