Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Officer_227


 
 Officer 227 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Officer 227 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Duel Chaser 227 
 
 
 Other names  
 DC227 [1] [2] Duel Chasers Number 227 [1] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 デュエルチェイサー２２７ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Duel Chaser [3] 
 
 
 Organization 
 Sector Security [3] 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Did not place     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Goyo 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroki Gotō [3] 
 
 
 
 Officer 227 , known as  Duel Chaser 227  in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He used to work for  Sector Security  in the  Synchro Dimension , but he was demoted and fired for his failure to apprehend  Yugo  for trespassing in the  Topsiders  area of  New Domino City . [3] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Friendship Cup 
 2.2   Friendship Cup Finals 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       227 without his helmet or sunglasses.     
 227 wears the standard  Sector Security  uniform for  Duel Chasers  and a pair of dark sunglasses. 
 A recurring theme is that his full face is never shown while he isn't wearing his helmet and sunglasses, being in a dark room and having his face shaded in the only scene he wasn't wearing his helmet thus far. This is best noticed when he is stripped of his uniform in the  Underground Labor Facility  but is still wearing the helmet and sunglasses. This gag extends even to the fourth ending theme,  Speaking , where 227 is featured laying in the grass with his helmet off and the top part of his head cut-off by the screen. 
 
 Personality 
 227 is confident in his skills, claiming he has a 100% arrest rate and that he wouldn't let  Yugo  get past him. [4]  This self-confidence was shown to turn into overconfidence when he thought he could defeat Yugo with a final  direct attack , ignoring  Jean-Michel Roget 's warning about Yugo's  Set  card, resulting in his loss.
 He, like many  Synchro Dimension  residents, is heavily competitive on the social scale. After being demoted to the  Commons , 227 was shown to have become desperate to regain his former privileges, praising Roget like a savior for the "second chance" of being allowed to enter the  Friendship Cup , despite Roget being the one who demoted him in the first place.
 
 Etymology 
 This character code name 227 is a reference to 227 rules for fully ordained monks in  Theravada Buddhism .
 
 Biography 
 Friendship Cup 
 When  Yugo  trespassed in  New Domino City 's  Topsiders  area and fled, 227 was sent after him, forcing him into a  Turbo Duel . [3]  Yugo won the first corner and took the first  turn . The Duel was then broadcast from a helicopter to various places around New Domino City, including the homes of the Topsiders, with  Melissa Trail  commentating. He and Yugo exchanged blows with their  Synchro Monsters . 227 took each of Yugo's "Hi- Speedroid " monsters by  Synchro Summoning  " Goyo " Synchro Monsters on each of his turns, prompting Yugo to question the morality of that playing style. [4]  Throughout the Duel,  Jean-Michel Roget  would translate the Duel into a chess game from his office. When 227 thought he was about to finish Yugo off, Roget warned him not to  attack , but he didn't listen and that allowed Yugo to win the Duel by using " Dice Roll Battle " to Summon his " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", which defeated 227 and stopped his  Duel Runner . After he was defeated, Roget said that he was done with 227. [4] 
 227 was fired and demoted down to the Commons as a result of this loss, even being arrested by his former colleagues. Shortly thereafter, however, he was entered into the  Friendship Cup . He didn't Duel during the Cup's first day, but that night,  Sam  delivered a letter from Roget to the Duel Chaser's suite. Roget offered to restore him to his former position if he defeated  Yuya Sakaki . The letter also contained a  Fusion Monster , " Goyo Emperor ". [1] 
 He Dueled Yuya in the first Duel of the second day of the Friendship Cup the following day, addressed as a Duel Chaser and wearing his uniform again. Yuya attempted to alert the crowd about the  fate of the losers  of the Cup, but was met with mockery and ignorance. 227 told Yuya to either Duel or surrender, albeit not unkindly. He traded blows with Yuya equally using "Goyo Predator", but when Yuya hesitated before he could launch a game winning attack, 227 was able to defend himself with an  Action Card . He proceeded to  Fusion Summon  "Goyo Emperor" on his next turn, and pushed Yuya into a corner. Yuya came back on the next turn with " Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon ", destroying "Goyo Emperor" and reclaiming control of his monsters, then brutally defeating 227 with " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". The attack knocked 227 from his Duel Runner, badly injuring him. He was loaded onto a stretcher as Yuya tried to prevent the authorities from taking him to the  Underground Labor Facility . [2] 
 In the Labor Facility, 227 still believed his status as a former Topsider would grant him some degree of comfort, but he was disavowed of this notion by  Lucas Swank , the man in charge of the Labor Facility. 227 attempted to earn his freedom from the Labor Facility by winning consecutive Duels against Lucas's criminals, believing that it would be easy given his status as a Topsider, but he was eventually defeated, leaving him begging for another chance. [5] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 227 and a number of other former  Sector Security  officers participated in a rebellion within the Underground Labor Facility, with he and his fellow former officers attacking Lucas. [6]  These same officers successfully escaped the Labor Facility as part of the  Commons  revolt, having captured Lucas in the process. They commandeered new  Duel Runners  and arrived in time to see the end of the Duel between Yuya and  Jack Atlas . 227 was excited to see that the boy who had defeated him had gone on to Duel the King and told the other officers they'd follow the Duel on an adjacent highway. [7] 
 
 Deck 
 Officer 227 uses a Deck centered on " Goyo "  Synchro Monsters , to take  control  of the opponent's  monsters  after  destroying them by battle , likely a homage to the  Sector Security  officer  Tetsu Trudge  who, is known for his use of " Goyo Guardian ".
 Before his Duel with  Yuya ,  Jean-Michel Roget  sends him the " Goyo Emperor "  Fusion Monster , making him the first known  Synchro Dimension  resident to perform an  Extra Deck  Summoning technique other than  Synchro Summon .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gate Blocker [Notes 1] 
 Gonogo [Notes 1] 
 Jutte Lord 
 Sasumata Gardna 
 Tuner monsters 
 Jutte Fighter 
 Stygian Security 
 Torapart Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Goyo Emperor [Notes 2] 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Chaser 
 Goyo Predator Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Goyo Arrow 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization 
 Synchro Gift [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 Broken Blocker [Notes 1] 
 Descending Lost Star 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yugo 
 55 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 71 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 71: " Duel Consequences " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 55: " Tops Speed " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 55 . 
 
 ↑   This card is received from  Jean-Michel Roget  in  episode 70 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 71 . 
 
 
 v e 
Officer 227 pages 
 Anime 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Officer_227.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150503143802', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Officer227NoHelmet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151003234551']
Categories: Characters, Officer 227 pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters