Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Chojiro_Tokumatsu


 
 Chojiro Tokamatsu 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Chojiro Tokamatsu 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Enjoy Chojiro (エンジョイ長次郎  Enjoi Chōjirō ) [1] Autumn Rain Chojiro  [1] Kingpin (dub only)  [1] Hero Chojiro (dub only) by his fans  [1] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 徳 松   長 次 郎 徳松 長次郎 とくまつ ちょうじろう Rōmaji: ( Tokumatsu Chōjirō ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Did not place     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Flower Cardian 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Raymond F. Pental [3] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shunsuke Sakuya [2] 
 
 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu  ( 徳 松   長 次 郎   Tokumatsu Chōjirō ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. A former Professional  Duelist  who fell from grace, he is the "Kingpin" of the  Facility  in the  Synchro Dimension , even higher in authority than the local guards. [2]  Formerly a bitter man from losing to the  Topsiders  and being jailed for cheating, after Dueling  Yuya Sakaki  and being inspired by his  Dueltainer  philosophy, he returned to the joyful person he once was. He is also one of the few Synchro allies of the  Lancers  who aids them during the  Obelisk Force  attack and believes in  Duel Academy 's threat.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.4   Heartland City 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Prison cards 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Chojiro.     
 Chojiro is an old man, but retains impressive strength and agility for his age. His jaw is large and unshaven, and his hair is shorter than his facial hair. He dresses simply, wearing an olive-green threadbare robe and brown sandals. This traditional attire is further emphasized by both the theme of both his Deck and the interior of his  Facility  cell.
 
 Personality 
 Chojiro is an honorable and entertaining  Duelist , having pride in enticing his audience with his signature  miracle draws . As such, he strongly encourages his audience and even his opponent to enjoy their Duels, regardless of winning or losing.
 He communicates this to his audience with his slogan: " Dueling is life. You only live once. If there are days you win, there are also days you will lose. Do not be ashamed of defeat, do not be proud of victory. All in all, let's enjoy! " (dub: " The Duel is the same as life, my friends! Some days you win, some days you lose. What's important, is to enjoy the journey. Be a hero! ")
 He brought it into practice by breaking up fights and teaching adults and children alike to enjoy their duels.
 After losing to the  Topsiders  Duelists and by becoming the Kingpin of the  Facility , Chojiro's outlook was changed to one that valued power and status above all, even stated that cards were the sign of those on top. It was only until his Duel with Yuya helped to revive his passion for enjoying Duels. After this, he started spreading his message once more and felt regret at the idea of defeating  Zuzu Boyle  and sending her underground, becoming a caring individual again.
 Occasionally he makes comments about how much Dueling has changed since his incarceration.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Chojiro was a  Duelist  who sought to bridge the gaps between the  Topsiders  and the  Commons . He trained young children and broke up fights, encouraging the local population to enjoy their Dueling. He decided to challenge Topsiders Duelists to Duels, but the stronger cards that they could afford allowed them to defeat Chojiro. The cheers he was used to become boos, driving him to attempt to cheat rather than relying on his famed "miracle draw". [1]  He was subsequently imprisoned in the  Facility  ten years before the start of the series. [2] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 While eating an exquisite breakfast one morning, Chojiro took notice of  Yuya ,  Sylvio ,  Crow ,  Shinji ,  Gong  and  Dennis . Later, he had the Sector Security guard bring them to him, and Chojiro's lackeys demanded that Yuya and his friends hand over their cards to him in exchange for good treatment. They refused, and Chojiro showed them the bed-sized stack of cards that he'd claimed over ten years in undefeated Dueling. Disappointed that Yuya wasn't listening to reason, he had the guard bring them  Duel Disks  and challenged Yuya to a Duel. Performing a long combo, Chojiro brought out " Flower Cardian Lightshower " on his first  turn . He was surprised when Yuya performed a  Pendulum Summon , wondering if Dueling had advanced to this point in the ten years that he'd been imprisoned, and used " Fraud Freeze " to return the Summoned monsters back to Yuya's  hand . [2]  Yuya played defensively with  Set   monsters  as Chojiro skipped his  Draw Phase  to continue to inflict  damage . When Crow and Shinji observed the change in Chojiro's strategy from the past, Chojiro explained how his outlook had changed. Yuya was able to set up an infinite loop that Chojiro couldn't break with his current  field , forcing Chojiro to draw. Chojiro felt himself enjoying the Duel for the first time in years and brought out " Flower Cardian Boardefly " and reduced Yuya to 200  LP , breaking his loop. With the crowd cheering them on, Yuya was able to break Chojiro's combo and Pendulum Summon the next turn, destroying Chojiro's monsters and winning the Duel. Chojiro remained happy that he'd enjoyed the Duel. [1] 
 Chojiro later approached Yuya to organize an Entertainment Duel Tournament. Yuya agreed to join after Shinji convinced him, and Sylvio joined as well. Sylvio made the Duel an  Action Duel , where  Action Cards  were scattered around. Chojiro happily engaged in the Duel and entertained the crowd with his Enjoy Chojiro persona, though Yuya remained unwilling to participate initially. The Duel was plunged into chaos when the Facility guards discovered that Crow, Shinji, and new inmate  Damon Lopez  were escaping through the air vents. Chojiro was furious to learn that Yuya was using the Duel to mask an escape attempt, but forgave him after Yuya revealed that he was trying to rescue his friend,  Zuzu Boyle . Chojiro attempted to hold the guards off and buy time for Yuya to escape, but his lackeys distracted the guards instead with a shower of rare cards so that Chojiro could escape as well. [4]  Sylvio led them to the roof, where they were challenged by the  Stomptroopers . Chojiro expressed little patience for Sylvio's antics during the chase, though the group were eventually saved by  Shay Obsidian , one of their allies. They attempted to swim from the Facility, but were recaptured by  Jean-Michel Roget . Fortunately, the  High Council  intervened on behalf of  Declan Akaba , the leader of the  Lancers . To Chojiro's surprise, his arrest had caused considerable rife among the Commons ten years previously, causing the development of the  Friendship Cup . The Lancers and the escaped prisoners were entered into the Friendship Cup. [5] 
 Chojiro heard the Commons servants mocking the contestants outside his room, and was preparing to scold them, when he overheard them discussing the  Underground Labor Facility  that the defeated contestants were sent to. He reasoned that this was likely true, given similar rumors that he had heard about escaped prisoner during his time at the Facility. Bribing his way out of his room with a " Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit " card, he visited Yuya to tell him about the rumor, though he was shocked to learn that the High Council could be monitoring them. One of the contestants in the Cup,  Riley Akaba , ran in and hugged Yuya, unwilling to participate in the tournament. Chojiro ignored the frantic pleas of his doorman and listened to Declan and Yuya argue over Riley, who was revealed to not want to harm Shinji, his opponent in the Cup. Declan ordered  Moon Shadow  to take Riley's place. Chojiro's doorman eventually panicked and returned "Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit" to Chojiro, refusing to lose his job. When Yuya tried to get Riley to stay with him rather than Declan, Chojiro cautioned Yuya against forcing Riley to do so against his will in the same manner that Yuya had criticized Declan for and returned to his room. [6] 
 After Shinji rallied the audience in his Duel with Moon Shadow, Chojiro was selected next to Duel  Zuzu Boyle . Feeling sorry about the idea of sending a girl like her to do forced labor underground, he apologized loudly, making Zuzu feel uneasy. During the Duel, Chojiro returned to his past Dueling style with drawing, using the risky " Super Koi Koi " to bring out his " Flower Cardian Lightshower ". Saving "Lightshower" and his  LP  from Zuzu's assault with " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ", he then turned to an even greater risk with " Super All In! ", putting the Duel at risk if he didn't draw a " Cardian " with the draw it allowed him. He managed to draw one and proceeded to Summon five "Cardians" and Synchro Summon his " Flower Cardian Lightflare ",  destroying  "Mozarta" and putting Zuzu in a tight situation with its effects, which negated both Spell Cards and the effects of monsters it battles. Zuzu, however, played around these effects by using " Score the Melodious Diva " from her hand, turning the tables on "Lightflare" and defeating Chojiro. He congratulated her on winning and when she asked if he knew Yuya, he asked her if they were in love, which caused Zuzu to blush, then smack him with her fan. Chojiro then recited his motto about people having to enjoy Dueling above all and disposed of his riding suit before leaving the  Duel Palace . [7] 
 Chojiro and Gong later witnessed  Lucas Swank  and his cronies taunting recent arrival  Officer 227 , and they ordered him to stop, furious at Lucas' attitude. Lucas then explained to them about the history of Jean-Michel Roget. [8] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 According to  Frank , the other laborers in the underground facilities with him,  Zuzu ,  Amanda  and  Tarren  were trustworthy according to Chojiro, which kept them safe in that part of the underground. [9]  When  Gong  and  Crow  couldn't find Zuzu, he decided to check the control room while they split up to check somewhere else. When he got to the control room, he found his two lackeys and was happy. [10]  When Gong,  Sylvio , and Chojiro reunited with Yuya, Moon Shadow,  Sora , and Riley, they found that Zuzu and Celina were captured by  Sergey  and  Barrett , respectively. They also learned that Roget was a defector of  Duel Academy  who planned to use Zuzu as a bargaining chip to protect the City and his plans to turn the Synchro Dimension into his own kingdom. When Yuya and Gong were about to leave as well, Chojiro tricked Sylvio into staying back as well to protect Riley and Sylvio changed his mind. [11]  After watching the Commons and Sector Security's battles escalate, Chojiro and Sylvio argued about how to get through. Before they come to a decision, Riley's traumatic memories again caused him to join the battle before being calmed down by Shay. When they arrived at the Capital Building, the front entrance was blocked by Sector Security. Before they could come up with a plan, Declan arrived and destroyed their Trap Cards with " D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga ". After defeating Sector Security, they went on Shay's " Raidraptors ", where they found Yuya, Gong, Sam, Frank, Amanda and Tarren on the bridge to the  Duel Palace  about to be attacked by Commons who had mistaken them for retreating Topsiders. Once he was in the stadium, Yuya challenged Jack to a Duel. [12] 
 Chojiro helped the Lancers in fending off Sector Security when they stormed the Duel Palace, defeating a " Goyo Defender " with "Lightshower". [13]  During the Duel after Yuya managed to withstand the attack of Jack's " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " Chojiro commented that Yuya got them all worried for nothing. The Lancers went to quell the Commons' riot, and Chojiro declared that they might be New Domino City's saviors. After watching Jack Synchro Summon " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ", Chojiro theorized that Jack was arrogant because there wasn't an opponent that could push him higher until Yuya appeared. He was amazed when Yuya Pendulum Summoned five monsters. [14]  Chojiro was pleased when Yuya defeated Jack but irritated when the High Council appeared. The Council broadcasted via holograms their confession of the true purpose of tournament, resigned and disbanded, and dissolved the Topsiders and Commons system. Everyone widely clapped and agreed, and celebrations continued. [15] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Chojiro aided in the rebuilding of  New Domino City  and its new merged society. He and  Shinji Weber  told the remaining  Lancers  to leave the work to them and leave to fight  Duel Academy , accompanied by Crow and Sora. [16] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  appeared in a dimensional rift, Chojiro wondered if it was a mirage. [17]  He found  Amanda ,  Frank , and  Tarren  and watched the Duel in the  Fusion Dimension  with as  Gong  and  Jack  Dueled  Z-ARC . Z-ARC Summoned " Supreme King Dragon Clear Wing ", causing Chojiro to mistake him for  Yugo , though the kids claimed that Z-ARC couldn't be Yugo as Yugo wasn't their enemy. He was impressed when Jack protected " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " and increased its  ATK , but worried when he thought Jack was defeated by "Clear Wing". To his shock, a dimensional rift opened in front of them, transporting New Domino to the  Fusion Dimension , and he watched Jack bring out " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ". [18]  He and the kids watched  Crow  and  Sylvio  Duel against Z-ARC. [19]  When  Declan  used the effect of " D/D/D Gust High King Executive Alexander ", Chojiro noted that it was pointless since " Supreme King Z-ARC " couldn't be destroyed. However, he was impressed when Declan negated the effects of " Supreme King Gate Zero " and " Infinity " and dealt damage to Z-ARC. He was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed Declan. [20] 
 After Z-ARC's defeat, Chojiro is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against Jack with his lackeys, Amanda, Frank, Tarren,  Shinji ,  Damon ,  Tony , and  Sam . [21]  He was happy when Yuya won and then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [22]  He was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu . [23] 
 
 Deck 
 Chojiro runs a  " Flower Cardian " Deck , which focuses on gathering specific "Flower Cardians" on the  field  to bring out powerful  Synchro Monsters  to overwhelm the opponent, simulating the use of  Hanafuda  playing cards. Because he used to rely on his  drawing  skills prior to his incarceration and once cheated to ensure he got the card he needed, he developed an unbeatable combo of using " Flower Cardian Lightshower " to discourage drawing cards by locking down his draw and  damaging  his opponent. By taking the first  turn , and through his  ace monster 's effect, he never draws any cards, and when he does require drawing cards, he uses  effects  to stack the top of his  Deck  so he won't rely on any drawing skills to get what he needs. As a reflection of his cheating history, he includes many Spell and Trap cards referencing cheating, such as “ Sneaky Sleeve ” and “ Fraud Check ”.
 He returns to his previous Dueling style after his Duel with  Yuya , using many effects that let him draw additional cards in order to  swarm  the field with "Cardian" monsters, but come with high penalties should he fail to draw a "Cardian" such as " Super Koi Koi ". However, he still uses "Lightshower".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain 
 Flower Cardian Clover with Boar 
 Flower Cardian Maple with Deer 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix 
 Flower Cardian Pine 
 Flower Cardian Pine with Crane 
 Flower Cardian Willow 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly 
 Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Boardefly 
 Flower Cardian Lightflare 
 Flower Cardian Lightshower Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flower Gathering 
 Flower Stacking 
 Recardination 
 Sneaky Sleeve 
 Super All In! 
 Super Koi Koi 
 Synchro Gift [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Diceversity [Notes 1] 
 Fraud Check 
 Fraud Freeze 
 Prison cards 
 During his time in the Facility, Chojiro received many cards as bribes from his fellow inmates to get him to lessen the rules on them.
 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Commander Gottoms, Swordmaster 
 Tuner monsters 
 Cockadoodledoo 
 Felis, Lightsworn Archer 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Re-Cover 
 Uni-Zombie Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Angel of Zera 
 Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing 
 Chaofeng, Phantom of the Yang Zing 
 Cloudcastle 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Dragunity Knight - Gae Bulg 
 Dragunity Knight - Vajrayana 
 Mist Wurm 
 Naturia Barkion 
 Powered Inzektron 
 Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth 
 Vulcan the Divine 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Teleport 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 One for One 
 Summoner's Art 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Dark Mirror Force 
 Miraculous Descent 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 5  Topsider  Duelists 
 61 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 60 - 61 
 Lose
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari ,  Yuya Sakaki 
 62 
 No result
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 69 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 96 
 Win (with  Declan Akaba ,  Gong Strong ,  Riley Akaba ,  Shay Obsidian , and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 61: " Hero's Fall " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   https://www.backstage.com/u/raymondpental/ 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 67: " Riley's Reveal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 69: " A Concerted Effort " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 69 . 
 
 
 v e 
Chojiro Tokumatsu pages 
 Anime 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/Chojiro_Tokumatsu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160328132512', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/FullChojiroTokumatsu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150719090529']
Categories: Characters, Chojiro Tokumatsu pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters