Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lightsworn


 
 Lightsworn 
 ライトロード  ( Raitorōdo ) 
 
 
 
 
 "Lightsworn" monsters and " Judgment Dragon " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Lightlord 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 光道 Translation:  Light Road 
 
 
 French 
 Seigneur Lumière Translation:  Light Lord 
 
 
 German 
 Lichtverpflichtet Translation:  Lightbound 
 
 
 Italian 
 Fedele della Luce Translation:  Light Loyal 
 
 
 Korean 
 라이트로드   Raiteurodeu   (romanized) Translation:  Lightlord 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Luminoso(a) Translation:  Luminous 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Luminoso/a Translation:  Luminous 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Light of Destruction The Duelist Genesis Code of the Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Champion Pack: Game Eight Turbo Pack: Booster One Stardust Overdrive Ancient Prophecy: Special Edition Stardust Overdrive: Special Edition Gold Series 3 Turbo Pack: Booster Five Gold Series 4: Pyramids Edition Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack Collectible Tins 2011 Wave 2 Dragons Collide Structure Deck Ra Yellow Mega Pack Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Battle Pack Tournament prize cards Duelist League 14 participation cards Duel Terminal 7b War of the Giants: Round 2 War of the Giants Reinforcements Premium Gold Realm of Light Structure Deck Astral Pack Five Battle Pack 3: Monster League Duelist Alliance Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series 2015 Prize Card 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Master of Pendulum Structure Deck OTS Tournament Pack 1 Rise of the True Dragons Structure Deck Raging Tempest Duelist Saga Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge Starter Deck: Link Strike 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Extreme Force Starter Deck: Codebreaker 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Light of Destruction 2-Pack Set Extra Pack Volume 2 Gold Series 2010 Extra Pack Volume 3 Gold Series 2011 Structure Deck: Dragonic Legion Duel Terminal - Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! Duelist Edition Volume 2 The Gold Box Advanced Tournament Pack 2013 Vol.4 Duelist Set: Version Lightlord Judgment V Jump February 2014 promotional card The Rarity Collection Clash of Rebellions Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum Extra Pack 2015 Structure Deck R: Revival of the Great Divine Dragon 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Starter Deck 2017 Tournament Pack 2017 Vol.2 Special Pack LINK VRAINS Pack Starter Deck 2018 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Summer Festival 2009 promotional cards Winter Festival 2009 promotional cards Spring Battle 2010 promotional cards Winter Festival 2010 promotional cards Expansion Pack Vol.4 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.10 Extra Pack 2016 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.2 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 
 O Saint Michael, Archangel of the Light With the mighty Dragon of Judgment in thou command, we praise thou as our guardian Save us in the holy battles, decisively defeat the forces from the Darkness Then we pray...Thou be our Ark, thou be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the Darkness. 
 — Chant found on a Lightlord Judgment Storage Box. [1] 
 
 " Lightsworn ", known as " Lightlord " (ライトロード  Raitorōdo ) in the  Japanese ,  Korean   OCG  and  French   TCG , is an  archetype  of  LIGHT  and  DARK   monsters  introduced in  Light of Destruction . The LIGHT monsters' primary  effects  involve self- milling , which sends cards from the top of your  Deck  to your  Graveyard , either as a  cost  to activate their effect(s), or as part of the effect(s) itself. Contained in the " Twilightsworn " sub-series, the DARK monsters operate on a similar principle, but also banish "Lightsworn" monsters as the costs for their effects.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Official Deck 
 4   Optional support 
 5   Further strategy 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Story 
 The "Lightsworn" are a group who seek to save those who pray for help, crossing time and space in order to help them. By consuming vast quantities of magical energy, they appear on the material plane and challenge those evildoers who threaten the era they appear in. Once their job is done and the evil has been stopped, they return to their home plane, disappearing without a trace.
 Their founder, " Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn ", is responsible for enlisting the souls of heroes worthy of joining the "Lightsworn". As they travel in order to fight evil, they also recruit the heroes of that time. [2] 
 
 Playing style 
 Decking out  is a risk sometimes associated with the milling done in "Lightsworn" Decks. However, milling improves the speed of the Deck and many "Lightsworn" cards benefit from having many "Lightsworn" monsters in the Graveyard. A primary focus of this Deck is to quickly summon  " Judgment Dragon ", which may be Special Summoned while there are 4 or more different "Lightsworn" monsters in the Graveyard. "Judgment Dragon" can quickly clear the field and attack directly. This strategy is most useful when running a small Deck, and has the potential to turn the tables in your favor before your opponent can get too much of a foothold.
 This  Deck  is quite capable of a very fast  OTK  using their mill effects, and then Summoning "Judgment Dragon". "Judgment Dragon" alone would easily be able to create an OTK situation fairly quickly.
 "Lightsworns" have been incorporated into many Deck types. Most notably, "Lightsworns" are combined with  DARK  monsters in a Deck type known as  Twilight . Such a Deck uses a mixture of  LIGHT  and  DARK  monsters and tends to include  Chaos  cards, particularly since " Chaos Sorcerer " and " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " were removed from the  March 2011  and  September 2011   Forbidden  lists, respectively.
 The  Duelist Set: Version Lightlord Judgment  marks the release of new "Lightsworn" Tuners and a Synchro Monster, giving them support for their Extra Decks. In the  TCG , two of the Tuners and the Synchro Monster were released in the  Realm of Light Structure Deck , whilst the third Tuner was released in  Duelist Alliance . These additions to the "Lightsworn" archetype have made it a heavy Synchro Summoning based archetype, and is now capable of making powerful Synchro Monsters easily with cards such as " Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner " and " Soul Charge ". " Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn " helps the Deck Synchro Summon as well, by being able to quickly send " Wulf, Lightsworn Beast " to the Graveyard. Lastly, the Level 4 Tuner " Felis, Lightsworn Archer " can create easy Synchro possibilities by being Special Summoned when sent to the Graveyard by the effect of another "Lightsworn" monster (or any monster for that matter).
 " Kuribandit " can help set up your Graveyard faster to Summon "Judgment Dragon", whilst also adding a powerful Spell Card such as " Soul Charge " to the hand.
 The DARK-Attribute " Twilightsworn " monsters were introduced in  Code of the Duelist . They focus on banishing other "Lightsworn" monsters as part of their effects in order to help facilitate the Summon of " Punishment Dragon ". Their mill effects can happen at any time, even outside of the End Phase, but only if another "Lightsworn" monster activates its effect.
 In the  Traditional Format , the " Dragon Rulers " and " Eclipse Wyvern " can be used to enhance a "Lightsworn" Deck. The "Dragon Rulers" can trigger the effect of "Eclipse Wyvern" by banishing it from the Graveyard to Special Summon themselves, adding a "Judgment Dragon" to the hand right away.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Celestia, Lightsworn Angel 
 Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior 
 Jain, Twilightsworn General 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner 
 Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress 
 Lyla, Twilightsworn Enchantress 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter 
 Wulf, Lightsworn Beast 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Punishment Dragon 
 Darkflare Dragon 
 Lightpulsar Dragon 
 White Dragon Wyverburster 
 Black Dragon Collapserpent 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Predaplant Ophrys Scorpio 
 Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra 
 Speedroid Terrortop 
 Speedroid Taketomborg 
 Electromagnetic Turtle 
 Necro Gardna 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Herald of Creation 
 Peropero Cerperus 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Card Trooper 
 Dawn Knight 
 Honest 
 Outstanding Dog Marron 
 Outstanding Dog Mary 
 Burning Abyss  monsters 
 Phantom Knights  monsters 
 Gandora  monsters 
 Tuner monsters 
 Felis, Lightsworn Archer 
 Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden 
 Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Speedroid Tri-Eyed Dice Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Sea Monster of Theseus 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn 
 Judgment, the Dragon of Heaven 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black Rose Moonlight Dragon 
 Light End Dragon 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn 
 Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss 
 Starliege Paladynamo 
 Link Monsters 
 Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Charge of the Light Brigade 
 Lightsworn Sanctuary 
 March of the Dark Brigade 
 Solar Recharge 
 Twilight Twin Dragons 
 Foolish Burial 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Pot of Dichotomy 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Instant Fusion 
 Traps 
 Lightsworn Judgment 
 Twilight Cloth 
 Twilight Eraser 
 Beckoning Light 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 Skill Prisoner 
 The Phantom Knights of Tomb Shield 
 Official Deck 
 
 “Slash Draw” + “Lightsworn” Deck [3] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch  x2 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Crystron Rosenix 
 Dandylion 
 Judgment Dragon  x3 
 Lefty Driver  x2 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner  x3 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress 
 Performage Trick Clown 
 Wulf, Lightsworn Beast  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glow-Up Bulb 
 Jet Synchron 
 Mecha Phantom Beast O-Lion 
 Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden 
 Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn  x3 
 Righty Driver  x3 Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn  x2 
 Link Monsters 
 Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion 
 Crystron Halqifibrax  x2 
 Link Spider 
 Linkuriboh 
 Relinquished Anima 
 Reprodocus 
 Saryuja Skull Dread  x3 
 Summon Sorceress  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Advance  x2 
 Charge of the Light Brigade  x3 
 Convulsion of Nature  x2 
 Metalfoes Fusion  x2 
 Slash Draw  x3 
 Solar Recharge  x3 
 Optional support 
 " Lightray " : With the release of the Lightray Monsters, the Lightsworns become even more dangerous as the requirements for summoning are LIGHT type monsters in the graveyard. " Lightray Grepher " is a good choice, as you can discard a level 5 monster to special summon him, giving you two monsters on the field from turn one. He can also be used with " Jain, Lightsworn Paladin ", or " Ehren, Lightsworn Monk " to overlay into " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ". Using his effect will send both xyz materials to the grave for a whopping 4000 attack power. " Lightray Daedalus " only requires 4 LIGHT monsters in the graveyard, and allows you to destroy a field spell and 2 other cards on the field, clearing the path for a strong 2600 beater. " Lightray Diabolos " requires 5 LIGHT monsters with different names in the graveyard, and allows you to banish 1 LIGHT monster from the graveyard, then target 1 set card your opponent controls; reveal that target, then place that target on either the top or bottom of the Deck, plus "Lightray Diabolos" has an attack of 2800. " Lightray Gearfried " requires 5 LIGHT monsters with different names in the graveyard, and allows you to banish 1 warrior monster from the graveyard to negate your opponent's spell or trap cards, plus "Lightray Gearfried" has an attack of 2800. If you can get 2 "Lightray Daedalus",  "Lightray Diabolos", or "Lightray Gearfried" on the field, you can overlay into " Number 11: Big Eye ", " Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack ", or even " Hieratic Sun Dragon Overlord of Heliopolis ", all 3 who have great effects for stalling, destroying or taking control of your opponent's monsters. 
 " Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord " : There should be at least 1 Sephylon in any Lightsworn deck. As a 4000 beater, he requires 10 monsters in the graveyard to summon, and his effect should you have another level 8 fairy monster can give you access to 2 4000 attackers on the field at the same time. 2 Sephylons can allow you to overlay into " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max " for an easy 2000 direct damage to your opponent's life points, as well as a solid 3000 attack. 
 " Eclipse Wyvern " : A monster whose effect works in conjunction with "Lightsworn" decks as it has its place in the graveyard. It allows ensured access to "Judgment Dragon" or " Dark Armed Dragon " in Twilight variants. Once banished from the graveyard, you can retrieve the selected card with " Chaos Sorcerer " due to him being at 2 after the January 2014 banlist and the infamous " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning ", which was unbanned at an earlier time. 
 " Tour Bus From the Underworld " : Its effect allows players to return important cards from the graveyard to the deck. Tour Bus will often be milled through the effect of a Lightsworn monster, and provides Dark fodder for twilight-based decks. Using this card in combination with "Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner", "Monster Reincarnation", or "Beckoning Light" allows you do simply drop this card from your hand should it be drawn at bad times. 
 " Breakthrough Skill " : A very flexible Trap Card that is still useful when in the Graveyard, so if it was milled before you could use it up to twice by setting it, this will not be a problem. You can banish it during your turn to negate the effect of a monster that would, for example, negate or avoid the effect of "Judgment Dragon" and/or destroy it, such as " Ultimate Axon Kicker ", " Infernity Guardian ", " Evolzar Dolkka " or " Doomcaliber Knight ". 
 " Dawn Knight " : This card can help send Wulf to the Graveyard quickly alongside the already beneficial  Foolish Burial . Also, because this card has the ability to return a LIGHT monster to the top of the Deck when it is sent from the Deck to the graveyard, it can be used to recover Judgment Dragon or any other powerful Lightsworn and is there for your next draw (best used if a Lightsworn milled Dawn Knight during the End Phase). 
 Further strategy 
 With easily fulfilled Special Summoning conditions (having 4 or more "Lightsworn" monsters with different names in your Graveyard), high ATK, and a devastating effect (pay 1000 Life Points to Destroy all other cards on the field), "Judgment Dragon" is capable of dealing large amounts of damage, and could even create an OTK situation fairly quickly. Since it has no cost to summon itself, only a condition, you can still summon your other dragon(s) that turn.
 "Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner" is a staple in a "Lightsworn" Deck, due to the ability to dump dead cards while summoning a "Lightsworn" monster from the Graveyard, giving you easy Field advantage. A common trick is to discard a "Wulf, Lightsworn Beast" and Special Summon the same discarded "Wulf" for an easy 2100 ATK beatstick. It is notable that one may Special Summon a "Lightsworn" monster discarded by Lumina with the same effect, but may not activate the effect if there is no "Lightsworn" present in the Graveyard upon activation. She makes it possible to quickly Synchro Summon Michael using a " Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn " in the Graveyard.
 Despite the fact that the player is quickly milling their Deck, 40 cards is plenty for it. If you add more cards it will only get slower and less consistent, and you won't draw your "Judgment Dragon" and other key cards when you need them. Because of the constant milling, however, they will be sent to the Graveyard frequently. In such cases, bring them back using "Beckoning Light".
 In case your opponent uses cards like " Skill Drain " or " Light-Imprisoning Mirror ", you might want to add " Royal Decree " to your Side Deck. Since a "Lightsworn" Deck most likely won't run any essential  Trap Cards , you can side them in to get rid of the dangers coming along with negating effects.
 
 Weaknesses 
 The primary problems for a "Lightsworn" player come from cards capable of negating effects ("Skill Drain", "Light-Imprisoning Mirror" and " Brain Golem " above all), and cards that banishes other monsters from play, especially " Macro Cosmos " and " Dimensional Fissure ", capable of turning the milling effect of the Lightsworn from a simple requirement to a severe disadvantage. As such, one will commonly find cards like "Royal Decree" and " Mystical Space Typhoon " in both the Main Deck and Side Deck of "Lightsworn" Decks.
 Cards that add to the milling can be a threat to "Lightsworn" Decks, including " Iron Chain ", " Needle Worm ", " Voltic Bicorn ", and " Ally of Justice "; however, these can be helpful since they can push the Deck into its win condition more quickly.
 In particular, the "Ally of Justice" line is a serious threat to the Lightsworn deck as many of them have effects that target Light monsters in particular. " Ally of Justice Decisive Armor " is incredibly potent against Lightsworns and can be considered as the best option due to its versatility in many deck builds. " Ally of Justice Light Gazer " is also quite dangerous for Lightsworns to face as their constant milling will increase the former's attack to monstrous levels.
 Since "Lightsworn" decks are heavily reliant on sending cards from the Deck to the Graveyard, " Dimension Fortress Weapon " can be used to completely halt all effects that send cards from the Deck to the Graveyard, thus severely slowing down "Lightsworn" decks.
 Stalling may force a Deck Out, although the high number of destruction effects the "Lightsworns" offer, such as " Celestia, Lightsworn Angel ", " Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress ", and " Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter ", often make up for this. To avoid destruction, players can use chainable Stall cards like " Battle Fader ", " Zero Gardna ", " One Day of Peace ", " Threatening Roar ", or " Waboku ".
 
 Trivia 
 " Jenis, Lightsworn Mender ", " Wulf, Lightsworn Beast ", and " Rinyan, Lightsworn Rogue " are the only Lightsworn monsters that do not  Mill  from the deck. 
 All "Lightsworn" monsters have a square with one or more halo (usually appears behind their head) on their background. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  - [OCG] Lore on the Geargias and Lightsworn! 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  - [OCG] Lore on the Geargias and Lightsworn! 
 
 ↑   [1]  / 
 
 
 v e 
 Lightsworn  cards 
   
" Lightsworn " 「ライトロード」 Members 
 Aurkus, Lightsworn Druid Celestia, Lightsworn Angel Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion Ehren, Lightsworn Monk Felis, Lightsworn Archer Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior Gragonith, Lightsworn Dragon Jain, Lightsworn Paladin Jain, Twilightsworn General Jenis, Lightsworn Mender Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress Lyla, Twilightsworn Enchantress Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn Rinyan, Lightsworn Rogue Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter Shire, Lightsworn Spirit Wulf, Lightsworn Beast 
 Lightsworn Barrier Lightsworn Judgment Lightsworn Sabre Lightsworn Sanctuary 
 Support 
 Aurkus, Lightsworn Druid Celestia, Lightsworn Angel Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior Gragonith, Lightsworn Dragon Jain, Twilightsworn General Jenis, Lightsworn Mender Judgment Dragon Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman Lyla, Twilightsworn Enchantress Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn Punishment Dragon Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn Rinyan, Lightsworn Rogue Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter Shire, Lightsworn Spirit 
 Charge of the Light Brigade Glorious Illusion Light Spiral Lightsworn Barrier Lightsworn Judgment Lightsworn Sabre Lightsworn Sanctuary March of the Dark Brigade Realm of Light Solar Recharge Twilight Cloth Twilight Eraser Twilight Twin Dragons Vanquishing Light 
 Related 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World Judgment, the Dragon of Heaven 
 
   
 Twilightsworn  トワイライトロード Members 
 Jain, Twilightsworn General Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman Lyla, Twilightsworn Enchantress Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter 
 Related 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World Punishment Dragon 
 March of the Dark Brigade Twilight Cloth Twilight Eraser Twilight Twin Dragons 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Lightsworn.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131103152502']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)