Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Augmented_Reality_Duel

      The Augmented Reality.     
 An  Augmented Reality Duel , usually abbreviated as  AR Vision , is a new type of  Dueling  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  series, which can only be used through the  Duel Gazers  and  D-Pads . 
 When  Duelists  engage in an Augmented Reality Duel, a virtual copy of everything around the Duelists appears. This allows monsters to appear to directly interact with the environment, but without actually damaging the environment, although the objects created in the Augmented Reality field appear to be solid during the Duel. With this the summonings and movements of monsters are far more realistic and most monsters have cries. 
 
       A Duel with Augmented Reality as shown in the manga     
 During the Duel, several screens in and around the virtual stage appear, but so far, they haven't had any use. [1]  When those inside the Augmented Reality field talk to each other, a virtual screen occasionally appears showing the player: Also, players can see  Life Points / ATK / DEF / Level / Rank  meters unlike the previous series, and can only be seen by those wearing Duel Gazers. The images created during an Augmented Reality Duel are realistic enough to make  some   people  occasionally confuse AR vision with reality [2]  and viceversa [3] 
 Roku  showed more of what Augmented Reality Duels can do, from turning statues into monsters and recognizing wooden cards, to making the Duelist believe they turned into their monsters. [4]   Fortuno  used the same technology to make Yuma's friends believe they were standing in a pillar in the middle of a lava pit, when they were really just standing on a table in the middle of an empty room. Also, a player seems to be able to interact with a monster in the Duel, as  Captain Corn  defended against the attack of Yuma's " Number 39: Utopia " attack using his own sword, and then both he and the monster started fighting, while Corn activated his  Trap Card .
 Field Spell Cards  can be of great use to the augmented reality abilities. For example, when  Striker 's Field Spell Card, " Stadium of Dreams ", was able not only to transform a big area into an enormous soccer field, but also transform the people's and even the  monsters ' attire and make the monsters "play soccer" instead of battling how they usually do. [5] 
 Augmented Reality Duels are somewhat alike to Solid Vision, giving the Duelists the vision of holographic cards. The only difference is the duelist needs the D-Gazer to see the Duels and always chant when starting the Duel. After the chant, a computer-voice will say  "AR Vision, Link established."  and then a Duel will begin.  
 
 See also 
 Augumented Reality on Wikipedia 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 5: " Flipping Out, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 34: " Shark Bait " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 15: " Training Days, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 27: " A Team Performance " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/AR_Vison.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/265?cb=20130503012231', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/ZX-001_VR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101228175820']
Categories: Games