Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_163


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 対決！ 二人の遊戯 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Taiketsu! Futari no Yūgi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Confrontation! The Two Yugis 
 
 
 English 
 Self Destruction 
 
 
 Number 
 163 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 8, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 29, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " 
 " Reliving the Past " 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   The Pharaoh's Signature 
 2   Rescued 
 3   Rafael's Findings 
 4   The Wastelands of Stone 
 5   Featured Duel: Yugi vs. Yami Yugi 
 6   Epilogue 
 7   Trivia 
 8   Difference in Adaptions 
 9   Featured cards 
 10   Notes 
 
 
 The Pharaoh's Signature 
 Inside of his temple, Dartz announces to Rafael that he's lost the Pharaoh's signature; he can't trace the Pharaoh's movements from afar anymore. Rafael suggests he could be dead. Dartz is unsure, for once, but he is sure that something or someone is blocking his signature. Rafael offers to investigate. 
 Rescued 
 Yami and Téa wake up in a hut somewhere and are greeted by a wolf-like dog and a small girl who introduces herself as Chris.
 Both walk outside to find an elderly man named Ironheart picking up Yami Yugi's scattered cards. He notices " The Eye of Timaeus " and seems to recognize it. 
 Ironheart :  " You seem to possess an intriguing Card. " 
 Yami Yugi :  " It's a Card which I cannot use anymore... " 
 Ironheart :  " Then, I shall keep for a while. " 
 Téa inquires if they found Weevil's body. Ironheart announces that he entrusted him to some persons he knew and was taken to the nearest hospital (In the dub, Ironheart states he found nobody else besides Téa and Yami Yugi in the wrecked train). He comments that he was like a corpse, missing his soul. Both Yami Yugi and Téa confirm it. Ironheart then asks Yami what he plans on doing. Yami Yugi admits that he's searching for the soul of his partner. 
 Ironheart :  " And would you do if you found him? " 
 Yami Yugi :  " I'm not sure... I'd like, at the very least, to apologize to him... " 
 Ironheart then offers to guide them to a special place. 
 Rafael's Findings 
 In the meanwhile, Rafael has found the remains of the derailed train half-sunk into a river. He deduces that Yami Yugi is not within the remains, so he wonders where he has gone off to. 
 The Wastelands of Stone 
 After a long trek, they reach a valley where some structures and circles have been drawn: it obviously is a site of reverence for something. Ironheart explains that dead ones linger in here. They are beings which have a will of iron who cannot return. Their hatred is gathered here. 
 Yami Yugi descends into the valley and is immediately confronted by ghostly voices and images of people he knew: the  Paradox Brothers ,  Yami Marik ,  Arkana ,  Bandit Keith ,  PaniK ,  Seeker , and  Weevil Underwood .
 Lastly, within the center of the arena, some spheres of energy gather and give way to a spirit-like Yugi.
 Yami Yugi goes to apologize to him, but Yugi is upset about Yami Yugi's actions. Yami Yugi tries to explain to him that he's confused: he's not sure of what's good and what's bad. Yugi claims that he will prove if Yami Yugi is still stained by the 'darkness' of his heart. He admits that Yami Yugi is always the strongest when it comes to Duels, but Yugi says that he'll test him: if he cannot win, then he'll vanish.
 Chris and Ironheart look on along with Téa. Ironheart mutters about having heard of the  Nameless Pharaoh , and wonders if he'll be able to win. The very reason is that his first step is face his inner fears and conquer the darkness that dwells within his hearts; but, if he loses, the Pharaoh's spirit will remain here forever. 
 Since both Yugi and the Yami Yugi had identical hands and Decks, the duel would not be easy for a confused Yami Yugi to accept. On the other hand, Yugi had replaced his entire hand with a new one (courtesy of Sangan's effect and Card Destruction). Yami Yugi asks Yugi why he is behaving this way. Yugi responds in anger that he is just a reflection of him, that they are both exactly the same, so the darkness that is inside Yami Yugi's heart is also inside Yugi's heart. Knowing that what he said is untrue, Yami Yugi thought Yugi would take it back. However, Yugi says that is too late for him now, because Yami Yugi already showed him who he really is, an evil Pharaoh who only cares about himself; that he doesn't care what happens to others as long as he has power, and now it's Yugi's turn to return the favor. Yami Yugi is unaware, but recognizes the card Yugi drew from his deck and tells him to wait. Yugi, knowing that Yami Yugi knew what he drew, tauntingly announces that this is just the beginning. Yugi claims that this duel is the chance for Yami Yugi to look at himself from the inside, and there is only one card in his Deck that will make that happen,  The Seal of Orichalcos . Yami Yugi was shocked to the core, and realized that Yugi changed hands so that when he drew a card, he would show Yami Yugi his own actions in his previous duel against Rafael. 
 Featured Duel: Yugi vs. Yami Yugi 
 Turn 1: Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then  Sets  a monster.
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1500/1200) in Attack Position. "Gazelle"  attacks  Yugi's Set monster, revealed to be "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" (1500/1200), which is destroyed by battle.
 Turn 3: Yugi 
Yugi's hand is shown to contain " Sangan ", " Dark Magician Girl ", " Polymerization ", " Alpha The Magnet Warrior ", and " Monster Reborn ". Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Berfomet ". He then activates "Polymerization", fusing "Berfomet" with "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" and  Fusion Summoning  " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " (2100/1800) in  Attack Position . Yami Yugi then Normal Summons "Alpha The Magnet Warrior" (1400/1700) in Attack Position. 
 "Alpha" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set monster, "Sangan" (1000/600). Since "Sangan" was sent from the field to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Yugi to shuffle his  Deck  and add a monster with 1500  ATK  or less from his Deck to his hand. "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" then attacks directly ( Yugi  4000 → 1900). Yami Yugi's hand is shown to contain "Dark Magician Girl", "Monster Reborn", and "Sangan" at this point.
 Turn 5: Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a card and activates " Card of Destruction ", forcing both players to discard their hands and draw the same number of cards they discarded. Yugi then activates " The Seal of Orichalcos ". From now on, all of Yugi's monsters will receive a 500  ATK  boost. Yugi then activates his face-down "Monster Reborn" to revive "Dark Magician Girl" (2000 → 2500/1700) in  Attack Position . Yugi then Normal Summons " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (1400 → 1900/1200) in  Attack Position . 
 "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" attacks and destroys "Alpha The Magnet Warrior" ( Yami Yugi  4000 → 3500). "Dark Magician Girl" attacks and destroys "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" ( Yami Yugi  3500 → 3100). Since "Chimera" was destroyed, its effect activates, allowing Yami Yugi to  Special Summon  "Berfomet" (1400/1800) from his Graveyard in  Defense Position .
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 7: Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Queen's Knight " (1500 → 2000/1600) in Attack Position. Yugi then activates " Magic Formula ", equipping it to "Dark Magician Girl" and increasing her ATK by 500 ("Dark Magician Girl": 2500 → 3000/1700). "Queen's Knight" attacks and destroys Yami Yugi's "Berfomet". "Dark Magician Girl" attacks and destroys Yami Yugi's "Big Shield Gardna". "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" attacks directly ( Yami Yugi  3100 → 1200).
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then Sets a Card and Normal Summons " Giant Soldier of Stone " (1300/2000) in  Defense Position . Yami Yugi then activates " Swords of Revealing Light ", which prevents Yugi from attacking for three  turns .
 Turn 9: Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then  Tributes  "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" in order to Tribute Summon " Catapult Turtle " (1000 → 1500/2000) in Attack Position. Yugi then activates the effect of "Catapult Turtle" to Tribute "Queen's Knight" and inflict damage to Yami equal to half of the ATK of "Queen's Knight" ( Yami Yugi  1200 → 200). Yugi then activates the effect of "Catapult Turtle" again by Tributing "Dark Magician Girl". However, Yami Yugi activates his face-down " Divine Wind " to negate the damage he would take, and inflict damage to Yugi equal to the damage he would have taken, plus 500 ( Yugi  1900 → 0).
 
 Epilogue 
 The duel was a test. By defeating  Yugi  in the Stone Wasteland,  Yami Yugi  was able to conquer the 'Darkness' within him and eliminate the malignant influence of the Orichalcos. Yugi pleads of him that no matter how much pain he suffers, he is not to be confused and believe in their bonds. He adds that Yami isn't alone anymore. The companions and Monsters he believes in will accompany him. Even if they're separated, Yugi will always be alongside Yami. Yugi's spirit vanishes and Yami cries in frustration and regret promising that he will save him no matter what it takes.
 
 Trivia 
 Except for The Seal of Orichalcos, Yami Yugi's and Yugi's respective Decks and Hands were in the same order, with the same Cards. Yami Yugi realized it early in the Duel, which is why Yugi changed his Hand. The "Seal of Orichalcos" Card was there because it was to show Yami Yugi what he'd done when he'd faced Rafael, though there was a slight difference. 
 The illusionary Yugi mentions that he knew that the day would come when he would have to face Yami Yugi in battle, and once Yugi defeats Yami Yugi, it will be their eternal goodbye. Both of these foreshadows the Ceremonial Battle they would have at the end of the series where Yugi faces Atem and defeats him so that Atem can finally move onto the afterlife. 
 It seemed "Dark Magician Girl" was aware of the duel as she looked distressed when forced by the seal unlike the other monsters (however, she didn't seem to fight it the first time she was under the seal as this is the second time). 
 In both versions, Yugi states that the effect of "Divine Wind" inflicts the damage that would have been dealt to the opponent doubled, but the written anime lore states that it adds 500 LP of damage. 
 Difference in Adaptions 
 In the original, Yugi instead said that Yami Yugi was arrogant, and that he cannot understand the suffering of others, whereas in the dub, Yugi instead said that he was evil. 
 At the end of episode, right after Yugi vanished, Yami Yugi yelled "Partner" in the original. In the dub, he said that he would save him no matter what. 
 In the original, when Téa inquires Ironheart if he had found Weevil's body, Ironheart announces that he entrusted him to some people he knew and was taken to the nearest hospital. In the dub, Ironheart states he found nobody else besides Téa and Yami Yugi in the wrecked train. This creates a plot hole in the dub as Weevil's body was later shown in the hospital that Rex and Alister's bodies were when their souls were returned to their bodies. 
 In the dub, the music heard at the end of the episode is the same music from the ending scene of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Dream Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guardian Eatos Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Celestial Sword - Eatos 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior [Notes 1] 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Queen's Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Sangan Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Card Destruction 
 Magic Formula 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization   ( Alternate version  in the dubs) [Notes 1] 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Dark Magician [Notes 2] 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berfomet [Notes 2] 
 Big Shield Gardna [Notes 2] 
 Dark Magician Girl [Notes 2] [Notes 3] 
 Kuriboh [Notes 2] 
 Otohime [Notes 4] 
 Sangan [Notes 3] Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Eye of Timaeus [Notes 2] Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 3] 
 Polymerization   ( Alternate version  in the dubs) 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Divine Wind 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Dark Magician Girl Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card was seen in Yugi's  hand 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   This card was seen in Yami Yugi's  Deck  before the Duel. 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   This card was seen in Yami Yugi's  hand 
 
 ↑   This card was seen in Yami's  Deck  before the Duel only in the dub. It replaced  Berfomet  in the Japanese version. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Yugioh163.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130117101738']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes