Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Qliphort


 
 Qli 
 クリフォート  ( Kurifōto ) 
 
 
 
 
 The original 10 "Qli" monsters 
 
 
 Translation 
 Qliphort 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Qli 
 
 
 German 
 Qli 
 
 
 Italian 
 Qli 
 
 
 Korean 
 클리포트   Keullipoteu   (romanized) Translation:  Qliphort 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Qli 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Qli 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 The New Challengers Secrets of Eternity 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Invasion: Vengeance 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave Pendulum Evolution LINK VRAINS Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 
 Booting in Replica Mode... An error has occurred when executing C:\ sophia \ zefra .exe Unknown publisher. Allow C:\ tierra \qliphort.exe ? <Y/N>...[Y] Booting in Autonomy Mode... 
 — Flavor text of " Qliphort Scout " 
 
 " Qli ", fully known as " Qliphort " (クリフォート  Kurifōto ) especially in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  EARTH   Machine   monsters  introduced in  The New Challengers  that are designed to take advantage of the  Pendulum Summon  mechanic. This is reflected in the eye-shaped motifs visible in their appearances; these motifs are flanked by two crystals, one blue and another red, that are identical to the indicators of a  Pendulum Scale .
 In the TCG, "Qli" monsters all contain the term "Qliphort" in their names, despite card texts using the more general "Qli" name.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Strategy 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Recommended cards 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
 "Qliphort" is a pun on  Qliphoth  (lit. "peels", "shells" or "husks", referenced by the archetype's Spell/Trap Cards containing the kanjis for "Machine Husk" in their Japanese names), the representation of evil or impure spiritual forces in  Jewish mysticism , and "fort". The Qliphoth is documented in some texts of  Kabbalah , a set of teachings originated in  Judaism . The ten emanations of Qliphoth form the Qliphoth Tree (aka "Tree of Death"), and each of them is associated with an evil spiritual force and a demon.
 Most currently known "Qli" monsters are somehow or somewhat related to  computing , as inferred from their names and flavor texts ("Access", " Alias ", " Archive ", " Assembler ", " Disk ", " Kernel ", " Killer ", " Shell ", " Tool "). " Genome " refers to the  genomes  of biological organisms, as they bear resemblance to how computers store their data. Each name also references a member of the Qliphoth. [1] 
 
 Members 
 
 
 #
 
 Pyroxene
 
 Qliphort
 
 Qliphah
 
 Evil Spiritual Force
 
 Demon
 
 Corresponding Infernoid
 
 Opposing Zefra
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 Romanization of the Hebrew names
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 Translation
 
 
 1
 
 White
 
 Skybase 
 
 Kāneru 
 
 Kernel
 
 Bacikal
 
 Bachikaru 
 
 Thaumiel 
 
 Satan 
 
 Pirmais 
 
 Zefrasaber 
 
 
 2
 
 Gray
 
 Stealth 
 
 Eiriasu 
 
 Alias
 
 Iweleth
 
 Ēīrī 
 
 Chaigidel 
 
 Beelzebub 
 
 Antra 
 
 Zefraxciton 
 
 
 3
 
 Black
 
 Shell 
 
 Sheru 
 
 Shell
 
 Sheriruth
 
 Sheridā 
 
 Sathariel 
 
 Lucifuges 
 
 Harmadik 
 
 Zefraniu 
 
 
 4
 
 Blue
 
 Disk 
 
 Disuku 
 
 Disk
 
 Adyeshach
 
 Adishesu 
 
 Gamchicoth 
 
 Astaroth 
 
 Patrulea 
 
 Zefraxi 
 
 
 5
 
 Red
 
 Cephalopod 
 
 Akusesu 
 
 Access
 
 Akzeriyyuth
 
 Akuzeryusu 
 
 Golachab 
 
 Asmodeus 
 
 Piaty 
 
 Zefrathuban 
 
 
 6
 
 Yellow
 
 Scout 
 
 Tsūru 
 
 Tool
 
 Kaitul
 
 Kaitsūru 
 
 Thagirion 
 
 Belphegor 
 
 Sjette 
 
 Zeframpilica 
 
 
 7
 
 Green
 
 Carrier 
 
 Ākaibu 
 
 Archive
 
 Shakah
 
 Tsākabu 
 
 Harab Serapel 
 
 Baal 
 
 Seitsemas 
 
 Zefrawendi 
 
 
 8
 
 Orange
 
 Helix 
 
 Genomu 
 
 Genome
 
 Chemdah
 
 Kemudā 
 
 Samael 
 
 Adramelech 
 
 Attondel 
 
 Zefraxa 
 
 
 9
 
 Purple
 
 Monolith 
 
 Asenbura 
 
 Assembler
 
 Aiyatsbus
 
 Ayīatsubusu 
 
 Gamaliel 
 
 Lilith 
 
 Devyaty 
 
 Zefranaga 
 
 
 10
 
 Multi-colors
 
 Towers 
 
 Kirā 
 
 Killer
 
 Qimranut
 
 Kimuranūto 
 
 Lilith 
 
 Nahema 
 
 Onuncu 
 
 Zefracore 
 
 Playing style 
 "Qlis" focus on Pendulum Summoning monsters to fuel  Tribute Summons , with effects that activate when Tributed or when Summoned by Tributing members of the archetype.
 All "Qli"  Pendulum Monsters  have 2400/2800 ATK and 1000 DEF (except "Scout", who has 1000 ATK and 2800 DEF), like the " Monarchs ", and possess the following effects:
 
 Pendulum Effect :  You cannot  Special Summon  monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. 
 Monster Effect:  You can  Normal Summon  this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. 
 In addition, the "Qli" Effect Pendulum Monsters can manipulate the ATK of monsters on the field; those with a  Pendulum Scale  of 1 boost the ATK of your "Qli" monsters by 300, while those with a Scale of 9 reduce your opponent's monsters' ATK by 300.
 Finally, each "Qli" Pendulum Monster is a unique combination of a Level from 5 to 8, and a Scale of 1 or 9, with the Level 5 ones being Normal Monsters with Pendulum Effects that provide card advantage for its owner, the Level 6 ones activating effects whenever they are Tributed and serving as spot removal, and the Level 7 and 8 triggering their effects when they are Tribute Summoned. The Level 9 and 10 are not Pendulum Monsters and each of them require 3 "Qli" monsters to be tributed for their Normal Summon.
 
 
 
 
 
 Level 5
 
 Level 6
 
 Level 7
 
 Level 8
 
 Level 9
 
 Level 10
 
 
 Scale 1
 
 Monolith
 
 Carrier
 
 Disk
 
 Stealth
 
 —
 
 —
 
 
 Scale 9
 
 Scout
 
 Helix
 
 Cephalopod
 
 Shell
 
 —
 
 —
 
 
 No Scale
 
 —
 
 —
 
 —
 
 —
 
 Skybase
 
 Towers
 
 
 Strategy 
 The main strategy is to use " Qliphort Scout " to gain card advantage, allowing Pendulum Summoning a number of "Qli" monsters. The effects of " Qliphort Carrier " and " Qliphort Helix " trigger when being Tributed, so by using  them to Tribute Summon " Qliphort Disk ", " Qliphort Shell " or the aces of the archetype: " Apoqliphort Towers " and " Apoqliphort Skybase ", which resist card effects of any kind (with the exception of  Continuous Effects ), can generate further Field Advantage.  
 "Qli" Decks support Tribute Summon, therefore they can put to use the "Monarch" series, which, depending on which Monarchs are used, can cripple the opponent in various ways. The  Egyptian God Cards  can also prove useful in this deck under certain situations, due to the tribute fodder provided. However, a Normal Summon can only be conducted once per turn. Hence to avoid potential Dead draws, "Monarch" monsters are rarely seen in decks for competitive plays. " Performapal Trampolynx " is a very good support for "Qliphort Scout". Its ability allows an extra search per turn and access to Special Summon non-"Qli" monsters like " Abyss Dweller " to grant extra powers against the opponent.  
 Spell Cards such as " Summoner's Art ", " Saqlifice " and " Pot of Duality " contribute to searching the key card "Qliphort Scout". " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " is capable of searching either "Qliphort Scout" or "Performapal Trampolynx" with a drawback of one-turn delay. The defense line mainly consists Trap Cards that either wipe off opponents' monsters or prevent them from expanding. " Skill Drain " can dramatically increase the Damage output from "Qli" monsters and lockdown opponent's field monster effects. " Laser Qlip " is also worth including, as not only does it allow you to Normal Summon another "Qli" monster in addition to your regular Normal Summon each turn, it also prevents your opponent from negating the Normal Summons of your "Qli" monsters. Other powerful Trap Cards like " Vanity's Emptiness " and " Torrential Tribute " are suggested as well since "Qli" monsters have a fairly high ATK with the support of "Saqlifice" and returns to the Extra Deck when sent to the Graveyard, thus can be brought back to the field by Pendulum Summoning.
 A useful two card combination in any Deck that can destroy its own Pendulum Scales with effects like " Sky Iris ", " Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer " or any of the " Metalfoes " Monster Scale-effects after using the search effect " Qliphort Scout " for " Qliphort Monolith " for defensive Wall or a  Rank  5  Xyz Monster , usually " Cyber Dragon Nova " into " Cyber Dragon Infinity ". Especially if running " Summoner's Art ".
 
 Weaknesses 
 Due to the fact that "Qli" Decks rely heavily on "Qliphort Scout", a simple floodgate is to use cards with effects that can remove opponent's face-up Spell cards, such as " Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Spell Shattering Arrow ", " Fairy Wind ", and in worse case scenario, " Cosmic Cyclone ". These cards can also counter opponent's "Skill Drain" or "Vanity's Emptiness", which are common and can be fatal to certain decks if not dealt with.  
 Cards like " Prohibition ", " Thunder King Rai-Oh ", " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell ",  and " Mask of Restrict " that prohibits either the use of "Qliphort Scout" or Tribute Summon are effective as well, but they become futile once the opponent has already set up a field.  
 " Dimensional Barrier " can prove problematic if it's activated at the correct time, can prevent you from Pendulum Summoning that turn or prevent you from using "Qli" monster effects for the turn, but it's no problem to your "Qli" Pendulum Monsters' ATK.   
 When playing a "Qli" Deck, be aware of threats such as "Mystical Space Typhoon" and " Bottomless Trap Hole ". It is suggested that before extending, clear the opponent's backrow as many as possible by using cards like " Night Beam ", which counters free-chain cards such as "Mystical Space Typhoon" and " Sinister Shadow Games ". You could also use " Localized Trunade " to temporarily clear your opponent's face-down Spells and Traps." Qlimate Change " (can be searched by "Qliphort Scout") returns up to 3 face-up "Qli" monsters in the Extra Deck to hand and can be fairly effective when the opponent is focusing on destroying cards in Pendulum Zones. 
 While "Towers" and "Skybase" are the trump cards of this deck, owing to their immunity to almost all card effects, they are still vulnerable to Continuous Effects. Monsters such as " Destiny HERO - Plasma " can shut these cards down completely, as it not only negates opposing Monster Effects, it can also equip an opponent's monster to itself, providing it with an ample ATK boost. Link monsters can also bypass the immunity of the "Apoqliphort" monsters, such as " Firewall Dragon " by simply returning them to the hand. It is also interesting to note that usual Machine counters like " Chimeratech Fortress Dragon ", while ineffective against most of the deck, can still be used against the "Apoqliphort" monsters because they are not Pendulum Monsters.
 " Crimson Blader " is also a major threat, because when it destroys a monster, the opponent cannot Normal or Special Summon Level 5 or higher monsters that turn. 
 With Qliphort Scout Limited, the Deck has become very fragile-any effect removing Scout can bring the Deck screeching to a halt. 
 As per  New Master Rules , this deck suffers from losing its Tribute fodder provided by  Pendulum Summoning  as only one Tribute (two with " Qliphort Genius ") can be recovered from the Extra Deck at a time, and activating cards in the Pendulum Zones limits the use of Spell & Trap Zones. This can be mitigated somewhat with "Qlimate Change". Also, although Apoqliphort Towers and  Saqlifice  are now off the banlist entirely, this is mitigated by the fact that Link Monsters do not have Levels, and thus powerful (and widely-played) monsters like  Borreload Dragon  and  Knightmare Unicorn  dispense with Towers and, by extension, Skybase easily.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Apoqliphort Skybase 
 Apoqliphort Towers 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Frontline Observer 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Qliphort Carrier 
 Qliphort Cephalopod 
 Qliphort Disk 
 Qliphort Helix 
 Qliphort Monolith 
 Qliphort Scout 
 Qliphort Shell 
 Qliphort Stealth 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Trampolynx Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Qliphort Genius 
 Missus Radiant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Laser Qlip 
 Saqlifice 
 Domain of the True Monarchs 
 Enemy Controller 
 Forbidden Chalice 
 Pot of Riches 
 Limiter Removal 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 Summoner's Art 
 Swords at Dawn 
 Terraforming 
 Wavering Eyes 
 Traps 
 Qlife's End 
 Qlimate Change 
 Qlipper Launch 
 Re-qliate 
 Escalation of the Monarchs 
 Lose 1 Turn 
 Madolche Nights 
 Skill Drain 
 Soul Drain 
 Soul Transition 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   "Names and Etymology EP1: Qliphoth and Qliphort" . YGOrganization.com. September 4, 2014 .  http://www.ygorganization.com/jewbotpower/ . 
 
 
 v e 
 Qli  cards 
   
" Qli " 「クリフォート」 Members 
 Apoqliphort Skybase Apoqliphort Towers Qliphort Carrier Qliphort Cephalopod Qliphort Disk Qliphort Genius Qliphort Helix Qliphort Monolith Qliphort Scout Qliphort Shell Qliphort Stealth 
 Laser Qlip Qlife's End Qlimate Change Qlipper Launch Re-qliate Saqlifice 
 Support 
 Apoqliphort Skybase Apoqliphort Towers Qliphort Carrier Qliphort Cephalopod Qliphort Disk Qliphort Helix Qliphort Monolith Qliphort Scout Qliphort Shell Qliphort Stealth 
 Laser Qlip Qlife's End Qlimate Change Qlipper Launch Re-qliate Saqlifice 
 Related 
 El Shaddoll Construct El Shaddoll Shekhinaga Nehshaddoll Genius Tierra, Source of Destruction 
 
   
" Apoqliphort " 「アポクリフォート」 Members 
 Apoqliphort Skybase Apoqliphort Towers 
 Qlimate Change 
 Support 
 Qlife's End 
 Related 
 El Shaddoll Shekhinaga Tierra, Source of Destruction 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/DuelArena-QliphortBackground.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150125164050']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)