Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_172


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 激闘の果てに 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Gekitō no Hate ni 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 At the End of the Fierce Fight 
 
 
 English 
 Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 
 
 
 Number 
 172 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 23, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 26, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " 
 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " 
 
 
 
 
 Joey  and  Valon 's Duel continues after Valon counters Joey's finishing blow, while  Yami Yugi  and the others continue to search for him. Joey and Valon congratulate each other as worthy opponents as the Duel of Armor reaches its conclusion.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Featured Duel #1: Joey Wheeler vs. Valon - Part 4 
 2.2   Featured Duel #2: Mai Valentine vs. Joey Wheeler  - Part 1 
 
 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yami Yugi ,  Téa  and  Tristan  are still trying to navigate the city, and the map says  Joey  should be nearby. Yami is lost in thought, remembering that his " Timaeus " card had glowed when Joey used " Hermos ", but it stopped reacting some time ago. They consider what that might mean about his condition, and he insists that they must find him soon. 
 At that moment, Joey and  Valon  are both bruised and gasping for breath, down to only a handful of Life Points each. Joey remarks that he thought he'd had Valon beat with his most recent attack. Valon replies by complimenting Joey as the most tenacious opponent he's ever faced.  Mai  listens to this, wondering how such a fierce Duel could still have both of them insistent to keep going. Her desire to fight returns, and the Seal appears on her forehead before she winces, suppressing it.
 Joey pays half his Life Points to maintain the "Aura Armor", and he places two face-down cards to finish his turn. With Valon's turn, he draws " Phoenix Gravitation ", which lets him Summon a new suit of Armor monsters from his  Graveyard . All at once, he is armed with his strongest weapons. He compliments Joey on getting so far, but it's because of this strength that he must fight back with all his power. Joey agrees, but clarifies that Valon will be the one defeated. He uses both his Face-Downs to put into play a chosen card from Valon's Graveyard and a random one from his own. The one he chooses from Valon is " Big Bang Blow ", and for his own, he closes his eyes in preparation to Draw. Both Duelists have one card in mind, and after a silent wish, Joey picks and holds the card high.
 This card is " the Claw of Hermos ", to Joey's elation and Valon's amazement. Joey immediately fuses his two new cards to create " Big Bang Dragon Blow ", commenting that this time, he will be the one using Valon's weapon. Valon laughs, affirming that this is the Duel he's wanted, one to push him to the limits. The time has come for the last attack, which Joey confirms. Both Duelists lunge at each other, fists colliding precisely in an explosion so strong the shockwave knocks Mai off her feet. 
 From several blocks away, Téa stops running, signaling the others to look. A spiraling white column of light is blasting up to the sky, and Yami sees Timaeus glow once again.
 At the very center of the energy storm, Joey and Valon struggle for for the upper hand. Both are happy even as they fight, and outside, Mai gets back to her feet and says the duel it look a draw. All of a sudden, Joey gets the advantage by activating the effect of " Big Bang Dragon Blow ": by sacrificing his " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", he is able to Destroy all of Valon's monsters and then inflict damage to Valon equal to the total ATK of those Monsters. The power of Joey's Attack gathers, and with one final yell, Joey sends Valon flying back, all of Valon's armor breaking apart even as he brakes himself to a standing stop. The rest of his Life Points drop to zero, and he admits defeat, dropping to one knee. He turns to Mai, who is very shaken by the outcome, and he tells her not to look like that. No matter who she's thinking of, he believes they'll come back together in the end. Even though she saw the awful side of him and he still lost, he has no regrets. She moves closer to him, stepping within inches of the border. Valon then turns to Jounouchi and leaves Mai in his care. Just after Joey nods to this, Valon slumps to his side, and Mai calls out his name. But he's already unconscious, and the Seal closes in on him, beaming to the sky before leaving his body. 
 Within  Dartz 's temple, a new tablet appears with the image of Valon, crouching and quiescent. He announces that Mai is next, sounding sure of it so he can revive the  Great Leviathan . He challenges her to show him her heart's darkness.
 Mai bends down and hugs Valon's body, crying and whispering his name. She remembers him telling her how he was like her, unable to live without winning. But then he found someone he could share his victories with - her. Her eyes clear up, and she regains her breath, setting him down as Joey calls her name. 
 She calls him stupid for talking about Duels like they can be shared, when they're really for oneself. But when she grins and adds that that's why Valon lost, Joey insists that Valon gave his best for that fight. Mai notes his emotion and turns to him, the Seal glowing briefly on her forehead as she asks, "Isn't Valon an enemy?" Joey confirms it, but says he respects people who fight with all they have. She only smirks at him, and he challenges her to a Duel. He realizes that's the only way to reach her feelings, and he encourages her to Duel with no holding back from either of them. With Valon's body set aside, the two prepare their Duel. 
 Yami and the others continue in Joey's direction, guided by Yami's intuition from "Timaeus".  Kaiba  and  Mokuba  remark that there's no one around them, and Kaiba's hunch that Doma is responsible is confirmed when ranks of Orichalcos Soldiers appear before them. 
 Mai begins the Duel, and Joey struggles in his response, still feeling the injuries from the previous Duel. His turn is a simple one, which Mai thinks about and realizes is unlike him. But he assures her he's not holding back. He now understands that, in his Duel with Valon, they talked a lot, and not just with words. 
 In doing so, Joey sensed Valon's heart, and that's why he also wants a serious Duel with her. He hopes that she'll understand him by the end of it, and he wants to understand her, too. Speechless for a moment, she laughs at the idea he could understand her, who keeps Dueling just to win. He answers that he doesn't understand that at first, but even so, he's doesn't want to give up.
 Her response is to keep going, and their Duel becomes a fight to keep a monster in play. Joey gains the upper hand with a high-level monster " Cyber-Tech Alligator ", but when Mai plays " The Seal of Orichalcos ", it affirms the drive to win in her heart and puts her monsters back in the lead. As a final defense, Joey uses " Scapegoat ", but Mai is fully prepared for this move with her " Nightmare Tri-Mirror " trap, flooding her field with high-powered "Harpies". Joey is still hardly closer to reaching through the feelings in her heart, and he has only one turn to prepare for the attack she is still eager to unleash.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Featured Duel #1: Joey Wheeler vs. Valon - Part 4 
 Duel continues from previous episode. 
 Joey has 200  Life Points  remaining and controls "Player Token" (200/200) and "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (2400/2000) in Attack Position.
 Valon has 900 Life Points remaining and controls " The Seal of Orichalcos ".
 Turn 15: Joey 
 Joey 's " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " and " Player Token " have been summoned from the Graveyard to his side of the field via  Valon 's " Extinction Fist ". Since " Player Token " of " Aura Armor " was  Special Summoned , Joey must pay half his Life Points (Joey 200 → 100). Joey Sets two Cards.
 Turn 16: Valon 
Valon draws "Phoenix Gravitation". On Valon's Standby Phase, he activates the second effect of " Psychic Armor Head " to  Special Summon  the latter (0 → 500/500) from the  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Valon then activates " Phoenix Gravitation " to  Special Summon  " Burning Knuckle " (0 → 500/1000), " Jet Gauntlet " (0 → 500/1500), " Over Boost " (0 → 500/1000), and " Active Guard " (0 → 500/2500) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Burning Knuckle", it gains 200  ATK  for each face-up  Armor monster  Valon controls. There are currently five ("Burning Knuckle": 500 → 1500/1000). 
 Joey activates his face-down " Graverobber " to steal " Big Bang Blow " from Valon's  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  it to his side of the field (0/0) in Attack Position. Joey then activates his face-down " Take One Chance " to select one random card from his Graveyard and Special Summon/Activate that card immediately. The card randomly selected from his  Graveyard  is " The Claw of Hermos ". As per the effect of "Take One Chance", Joey activates "Claw of Hermos" to merge the latter card with "Big Bang Blow" and form " Big Bang Dragon Blow ", which Joey equips to "Player Token". 
 "Burning Knuckle" attacks Joey's "Player Token", but Joey activates the effect of "Big Bang Dragon Blow", Tributing "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" to destroy Valon's Monsters and inflict damage to Valon equal to the combined  ATK  of his destroyed monsters (Valon's "Active Guard" is thereby destroyed  before  damage is dealt, and thus can't be used as Damage prevention) by sacrificing his "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", ( Valon  900 → 0).
 
 Featured Duel #2: Mai Valentine vs. Joey Wheeler  - Part 1 
 Turn 1: Mai 
Mai draws " Cyber Harpie " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1800/1300) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Joey 
Joey draws " Gilford the Lightning ". Aside from "Gilford the Lightning", Joey's hand contains "Blue Flame Swordsman", " Scapegoat ", " Swordsman of Landstar ", " Vow of Tribe ", and " Dark Dragon Ritual ". Joey then Normal Summons " Blue Flame Swordsman " (1800/1600) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 3: Mai 
Mai draws another "Cyber Harpie" and subsequently Normal Summons it (1800/1300) in  Attack Position . Mai's hand contains "Cyber Harpie Lady", "Aero Nail", " Monster Reborn ", " Amazoness Spellcaster ", and " Nighmare Tri-Mirror ". Mai then activates " Aero Nail ", equipping it to one of her "Cyber Harpie Ladies" and increasing its  ATK  by 300 (" Cyber Harpie Lady ": 1800 → 2100/1300). 
 The "Cyber Harpie" equipped with "Aero Nail" attacks & destroys Joey's "Blue Flame Swordsman" ( Joey  4000 → 3700). Since "Blue Flame Swordsman" was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Joey activates its second effect to Special Summon " Flame Swordsman " (1800/1600) in  Attack Position  (NOTE: in the anime, "Flame Swordsman" is not a  Fusion Monster ). Mai Sets a Card.
 Turn 4: Joey 
Joey draws "Cyber-Tech Alligator". He then Tributes "Flame Swordsman" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Cyber-Tech Alligator " (2500/1600) in Attack Position. "Cyber-Tech Alligator" attacks & destroys the "Cyber Harpie" equipped with " Aero Nail " ( Mai  4000 → 3600). Since "Aero Nail" is about to be sent from the field to the Graveyard, Mai activates the second effect of "Aero Nail" to equip the latter card to her other "Cyber Harpie" instead of sending it to the Graveyard ("Cyber Harpie": 1800 → 2100/1300). Joey then Sets a Card.
 Turn 5: Mai 
Mai draws " The Seal of Orichalcos " and subsequently activates it. From now on, all of Mai's Monsters will receive a 500  ATK  boost and the loser of this Duel will lose his/her soul ("Cyber Harpie": 2100 → 2600/1300). Mai then Normal Summons another "Cyber Harpie" (1800 → 2300/1300) in Attack Position. 
 The "Cyber Harpie" equipped with "Aero Nail" attacks & destroys Joey's "Cyber-Tech Alligator" ( Joey  3700 → 3600). The second "Cyber Harpie" attacks directly, but Joey activates his face-down "Scapegoat" to  Special Summon  four " Sheep Tokens " (0/0 for each) in  Defense Position . Mai then activates her face-down " Nighmare Tri-Mirror " to select "Cyber Harpie" and  Special Summon  four " Copy Tokens " (as Joey Special Summoned four monsters) that have the same stats and effects as "Cyber Harpie" to her side of the Field (1800 → 2300/1300 for all) in Attack Position. These Tokens cannot attack this turn. A replay occurs and Mai uses her second "Cyber Harpie" to attack & destroy one of Joey's " Sheep Tokens ".
 Duel concludes next episode. 
 
 Errors 
 Even though Joey's "Cyber-Tech Alligator" destroyed one of Mai's Cyber Harpie Ladies, after Joey tells Mai to give him her best shot, her duel disk still has the destroyed "Cyber Harpie ". 
 When Mai activates "Nightmare Tri-Mirror", her belly button disappears. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Harpie Lady  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Panther Warrior 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Eye of Timaeus Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Harpie Lady Sparrow Formation 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber-Tech Alligator 
 Flame Swordsman [Notes 1] 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Swordsman of Landstar [Notes 2] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Flame Swordsman 
 Gilford the Lightning [Notes 2] 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Claw of Hermos Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Dark Dragon Ritual [Notes 2] 
 Scapegoat 
 Hermos Fusions 
 
 Big Bang Dragon Blow 
 Traps 
 Graverobber 
 Take One Chance 
 Vow of Tribe [Notes 2] 
 
 Valon Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Active Guard 
 Big Bang Blow 
 Burning Knuckle 
 Jet Gauntlet 
 Over Boost 
 Psychic Armor Head Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Phoenix Gravitation 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 
 Mai Valentine Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Harpie  x3 Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Aero Nail 
 Amazoness Spellcaster [Notes 3] 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 3] 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Traps 
 Nighmare Tri-Mirror 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Normal Monster . It is a  Fusion Monster  in the TCG/OCG. 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   This card was seen in Joey's  hand  only in his next  Duel . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   This card was seen in Mai's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Yugioh172.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150510230719']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes