Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Duel_Monster_Spirits

Duel Monster Spirits ,  Duel Spirits , or what are now known as  Duel Monsters  is the name given to the magical, spiritual, and otherworldly creatures who have the capability to be summoned by a duelist. Ancient legends and carvings of Duel Monsters inspired  Maximillion Pegasus  to create the popular card game of the  same name . They live primarily in the  Duel Monsters Spirit World , although their relationships with humans and Earth are sometimes unclear, and differ within the different Yu-Gi-Oh! series. It is unknown if every Duel Monsters card created within the Yu-Gi-Oh! universe has a Duel Spirit counterpart that can be summoned accordingly.
 In some cases, these spirits seem to form a strong bond with a specific human. In Ancient Egypt, these spirits were created from Ka but took the form of a person's  Ba  ( in Egyptian mythology , the Ba was the other half of your soul - your personality). In Egypt, some people could possess multiple Ka spirits, and spirits could have Ba of their own to varying degrees; if a person's Ba leaves its body it may join with the  Ka  of their Duel Monster, fusing the person with their monster, such as when  Mahad  and  Illusion Magician  joined to become  Dark Magician . It is unclear how this relationship takes form in the modern age and also in each Yu-Gi-Oh! series - for example, the Ka of each  Signer  could be their  Signer Dragon , but this is never stated. When people die they can pass on into the afterlife, and if like  Mahad  and  Mana  they fused with a Duel Spirit they can take on the form of a Duel Monster. It is highly implied that the afterlife and the  Duel Monsters Spirit World  are both connected somehow.
 These spirits have their own societies in each part of the spirit world (the spirit world is explained by  Yubel  to be several entirely different dimensions), and there have even been conflicts between the spirits of some dimensions, including DARK Fiend-type monsters against LIGHT Fairy-type monsters or Warrior-type monsters against Dragon-type monsters, among others. Duel Spirits were allies of the human world in many ancient societies such as Atlantis, Egypt and the People of the Stars. The Earth has been both aided and plagued by both good and evil spirits. 
 One section of the spirit world appears to be based off mostly Fairy-type and Dragon-type monsters although  Dark Magician Girl  appears to be the leader of them. Her presence in this place may indicate other Spellcaster-type monsters such as Dark Magician also live there. The most notable Duel Spirits from this area are the Legendary Knights of Atlantis,  Timaeus ,  Critias , and  Hermos  who are its guardians. According to  Dark Magician Girl , the spirit world has existed as long as mankind has existed.
 Another section is  Neo Space , which is the realm beyond Earth in outer space in which live many Alien duel spirits such as  Elemental Hero Neos  and the  Neo-Spacians . They believe in a being with the power to bridge the worlds of the Duel Spirits and the humans called the  Supreme King , who's destined to save both worlds from  The Light of Destruction .
 Another unique section of Duel spirits are the  Numbers , whose powers originate from both  Astral  and  Barian World . Several spirits were even chosen to act as  guardians  to protect their respected Number cards on Earth. 
 
 History 
 Duel Spirits have played a pivotal role in human history dating back at least ten thousand years. Humans somehow found a way to summon them to the human world using magic and spells. The Ancient Egyptians learned how to steal humans'  Ba , or souls, against their will, and they also learned how to seal Duel Monster spirits (or the means to summon them) in stone tablets by ripping a person's  Ka  from them, killing them in the process. These tablets resembled Duel Monster cards and later inspired  Maximillion Pegasus  to create the game. In doing so, Pegasus sealed the Duel Spirits (or means to summon them) in the cards, similar to how they were sealed in the tablets. However, they are only truly summoned when magical forces are involved or when invoked by certain individuals. Otherwise, they are merely represented by holograms projected by  KaibaCorp  technology. Therefore, whilst they have a true physical form in their own world, they cannot take physical form on Earth without being summoned here.  Duel Monsters Spirit Day  is an exception however, being the only day of the year when Duel Spirits can take physical form on Earth without elements of magic being involved.
 Even earlier in time in  Atlantis , Duel Monster spirits came to the aid of  Ironheart , Chris and the Atlanteans after its king,  Dartz , corrupted and brainwashed by the  Orichalcos , began a conquest to steal people's souls and destroy all life on Earth to recreate it. They sent a huge army against Dartz's  Orichalcos Soldiers  and  the Great Leviathan  in the Battle of Atlantis. Neither side was victorious: Atlantis sank into the ocean depths and the Duel Spirits were sealed away until they be needed again.
 Around that time, the  Crimson Dragon  and its servants the  Signer Dragons  battled the evil entity called  Red Nova  to exhaustion. It was only through the help of a  Legendary Signer  that  Red Nova  would be defeated and sealed away into the Earth and become the first of the Nazca lines, thus becoming the first  Earthbound Immortal .
 
 Abilities 
 Regardless of their nature, Duel Monster Spirits seem to possess different powers depending on who the monster is. For example,  Jinzo  and  Yubel  have the ability to possess people and take on a physical form if they have enough energy.  Winged Kuriboh  could take  Jaden Yuki  to another dimension.  Brron  was capable of performing a ritual using negative feelings to create " Super Polymerization ", to name a few.
 A common trend is that Duel Spirits are shown to themselves Duel and have their own Deck, which in most cases will have at least one copy of the card they themselves represent, regardless of rarity. For example, in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  the spirit of  Dark Magician Girl  had her own card of " Dark Magician Girl " even though  Bastion Misawa  claimed  Yugi Muto  was the only known owner of the card. However, most Duel Spirits during the  Dimension World  arc of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  do not use card versions of themselves, the most notable exception being  Yubel  herself. In some cases during Duels, the Duel Spirit can Summon themselves to the field, as seen with  Gravekeeper's Chief  and  Don Zaloog , or a doppelgänger of themselves will appear, as seen with  Kaibaman  and Yubel.
 
 See also 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Duel Monsters Spirit Day 
 Egyptian Spirit Monster 
 Spirit Partner 
 
 
 
Categories: Duel Monster Spirits