Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_014


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 014 
 
 
 
 
 Skip  presents his show to  Yuya . 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 熱血！！修造劇場 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Nekketsu!! ︎Shūzō Gekijō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Hotblooded!! Shuzo Theater 
 
 
 English 
 The Show Must Go On 
 
 
 Number 
 014 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 13, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 30, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 May 5, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 June 5, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Circus Surprise! " 
 " In it to Win it " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Show Must Go On ", known as " Hotblooded!! Shuzo Theatre " in the Japanese version, is the fourteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 13, 2014 and in Canada on October 30, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on May 15, 2016, claiming it was the season finale. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 Yuya , shocked by the fact  Declan  could  Pendulum Summon  too, has yet to come to terms with the fact that Pendulum Summoning isn’t something only he can do.  Skip , the principal of the  You Show Duel School , sees Yuya in such a funk, and decides to convey a message to his pupil by  Dueling  with him. In the Duel Theater, that’s too hotblooded to ignore, Yuya slowly but surely realizes Skip’s feelings and the point his principal is trying to make!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Skip Boyle 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Cast 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Declan  has forfeited his Duel against  Yuya  and told him who he was (this event is cut from the dub, as it took place in the previous episode). As " Acrobatic Circus " disappears,  Sora  is impressed on how Declan is able to use  Pendulum Summoning  (in the dub, Sora says if  LID  had won, they would have taken the school). Yuya enters the observation room with his goggles over his eyes, with  Zuzu ,  Ally ,  Tate , and  Frederick  running to him in concern. When they stop, Yuya falls to his knees, in disbelief that Declan could Pendulum Summon when it was supposed to be unique to Yuya himself. Zuzu mutters Yuya's name (in the dub, Zuzu asks Yuya if he's okay).
 Skip  comes in, relieved that LID left and he got to keep  You Show Duel School , thanks to everyone protecting it. Sora points out that the only person who actually won out of the three who Dueled was Yuya (in the dub, Sora adds that because of this, You Show messes around). Everyone is disappointed, while Tate lashes out at Sora because he did not Duel. Ally calls Sora a weakling, while Frederick adds that You Show doesn't accept weaklings. Sora casually apologizes to the trio (in the dub, Sora simply says he made an observation) before walking away, with Skip asking where he's going and scolding the other three children for talking that way. Frederick is still unmoved; Ally says they don't need weaklings anyway (in the dub, Ally is upset because LID called them losers). The three children promise to protect the school next time if they get attacked and ask Yuya to teach them "his" Pendulum Summoning. This time, Yuya lashes out at Tate, since Pendulum Summoning isn't "his" anymore. He pushes past Tate and runs away, not before Skip grabs him by the wrist. Skip asks Yuya where he's going (in the dub, Skip understands that Yuya is upset). Reality won't change if he runs away from it; like Yuya said before, Pendulum Summoning isn't unique to him anymore.
 Meanwhile, Declan,  Henrietta , and  Claude  arrive at LID's control room (in the dub, a scientist offers to get Declan coffee or tea as he arrives; Declan politely refuses the offer). Declan asks his workers about  Marco . The scientist next to him reports that the attack took place on  Paradise City 's District NLD-038 at 5:54 PM, where LID picked up  a strong  Summoning  signal. Henrietta inquires on what the type of Summon was, which the scientist responds with  Xyz Summon . She realizes that Yuya was with them during the attack, while Declan adds that Yuya did not know how to Xyz Summon at that time, making it clear that he was not the culprit (in the dub, Henrietta's and Declan's lines are switched; Declan also decides to continue monitoring You Show). Declan asks Claude where Marco is; the assistant replies that Marco's whereabouts are still unknown. He calls over the Section Chief to bring in the evidence, which he does. Inside the plastic bag are a broken  Duel Disk  and some cards; the investigation team got to the scene of the crime before anyone else and found them. The Chief says the evidence was damaged, but they belonged to Marco. Declan issues an order to use all of LID's resources to find Marco.
 At LID's lounge,  Julia  is with  Kit  and  Dipper . She angrily questions why the staff wouldn't let them see Marco even though he's fine; Marco should be happy to see her. Dipper guesses that Marco could be wrapped in bandages like  Sylvio  and refuse to let anyone see him like that. Julia snaps at Dipper for comparing her to Sylvio, the low piece of trash (in the dub, Julia snaps at Dipper for not knowing what he's talking about). Kit wonders what could have happened to Sylvio if he was injured in a Duel that did not use an Action Field (in the dub, Kit speculates that there's something the LID staff isn't telling them), before catching Julia run off in order to find out what really happened.
 At You Show, Skip explains that Pendulum Summoning was a power granted to Yuya, but more Pendulum users have shown up despite this. He asks Yuya if this is a shock to him; he did not know how Declan got his hands on Pendulum cards, but it is likely that his company developed them. Skip reveals that Declan is the CEO of the  Leo Corporation , the number one company of Duel systems. Decrypting the secrets of Pendulum Summoning could be child's play to them. If this is true, the whole world would be overflowing with Pendulum cards. At this point, Yuya shakes off Skip's grip (in the dub, Yuya calls this unfair and Skip asks what Yuya would do, like run away as usual) and Skip challenges him to a  Duel  to shake off that pessimistic attitude with his hot-blooded guidance (in the dub, Skip states the conditions: if Yuya wins, he can continue to feel sorry for himself; but if Skip wins, Yuya can't be that way). Zuzu begins to protest (cut from the dub), but Skip ignores her, removes Yuya's goggles, and says the reason why Yuya couldn't beat Declan was because of the shock he experienced. Zuzu says Yuya was the one who won, while she lost; if Skip should be mad at anyone, it should be her (in the dub, Skip tells Yuya he promised Yusho he'd look after him, while Zuzu protests that Yuya wants to be left alone).  Gong  places a hand on Zuzu's shoulder and convinces her not to interfere. Skip and Yuya are about to have a serious Duel; he could tell through the determination in his eyes. Zuzu moves away from the group and uses her D-Pad to contact someone. 
 As Skip drags Yuya to the Duel arena, Yuya protests that he never agreed (Yuya's protests are edited out in the dub). Skip ignores him and asks Gong if the preparations are ready. While Yuya argues that he did not accept yet, Skip instructs Gong to start the Action Field. He does so, activating " Showtime Street ". The field is replaced with a big city setting with bright lights. While the children marvel at the sight, Zuzu and Yuya realize that this  Yusho 's Action Field specialty, which Skip confirms. Instead of Yusho, Skip will be the one to show Yuya what a true Action Duel feels like. Yuya demands if his Duels have been a fake; Skip replies that his Duels are nothing compared to Yuya's, or even Skip's (in the dub, Skip says Yuya is about all cards, but not spirit). 
 Yuya finally accepts the Duel (in the dub, Yuya is determined to prove Skip wrong), activates his D-Pad, and both challengers recite the Action Duel chant. Skip goes first and  Normal Summons  " Guts Master Fire ". He activates its effect, which lets him  Special Summon  a " Guts Master " monster from his hand. "Fire" waves its sword and the launched flame forms a new monster as Skip Summons " Guts Master Heat ". Skip activates the effect of "Heat", which is the same as that of "Fire". "Heat" throws its football and it ignites, with Skip Summoning " Guts Master Red ", which forms from the flames. Tate is impressed that hot-blooded monsters are in play; Ally thinks otherwise. Frederick is overwhelmed at the sight, while Zuzu is flustered (their lines are cut from the dub). Gong notes that these are Skip's fighting spirit monsters. Skip  Sets  two cards and ends his  turn , encouraging Yuya to come at him.
 As Yuya draws, Skip activates his  face-down  " Full Throttle Soul ", as he controls a "Guts Master" monster. Both players must play with their hands revealed. Frederick calls it unfair that only Yuya's hand was revealed. Ally reminds him to look carefully; Skip has no cards in his hand. Tate deduces that this was why Skip Set his Spells and Traps. Skip is impressed that both " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician " are in Yuya's hand; he predicts that Yuya would Pendulum Summon and once again encourages him to come at him, unless he's afraid of being compared to Declan and is too afraid to actually Pendulum Summon, like the sore loser he is. Zuzu becomes enraged at her father for harassing Yuya. Ally is equally unimpressed at Skip's attitude and sticks her tongue at him. Instead of Pendulum Summoning, off the bat, Yuya opts to Normal Summon " Performapal Friendonkey ". He activates its effect, which allows him to Special Summon a Level 4 or less monster from his hand. The box on the side of "Friendonkey" opens and a burst of light flies out as Yuya Special Summons " Performapal Whip Snake ". Skip wonders why Yuya did not Pendulum Summon right away (in the dub, Skip taunts Yuya by sarcastically calling the strategy interesting, before calling it boring), but Yuya angrily tells him to shut up and starts his  Battle Phase . He has "Friendonkey" attack "Red", but Skip activates the effect of "Fire" to prevent the destruction of a "Guts Master" monster by battle  once per turn . "Fire" leaps in front of "Red" and gets headbutted by "Friendonkey", reducing Skip to 3900  LP . "Red" kicks its soccer ball at "Heat", who catches it, as Skip activates its effect: once per turn, when an  Attack Position  "Guts Master" monster battles, the opposing monster is destroyed after  damage calculation . "Heat" dashes towards "Friendonkey" and tackles it, destroying it. Tate and Ally are shocked that Yuya's monster got destroyed. Gong is impressed at Skip's three monster combo, the technique of a true professional (in the dub, Gong wonders what the lesson Skip is trying to teach here). Skip says he was just getting started (in the dub, Skip hopes that Yuya is having as much fun as he is) as he grabs on to a ring, swings on it, leaps, and snatches an  Action Card  on a building. Yuya curses and orders "Whip Snake" to attack "Red". Skip nonchalantly says it's about time he showed Yuya a real Action Duel. He activates the Action Card he picked up, " Illusion Dance ". A lantern appears between the monsters and they start to dance, switching all them to  Defense Position . Frederick and Tate remember that if a monster switches to Defense Position, its attack fails to go through. Skip himself starts dancing as well and invites Yuya to join in; this is the true way of making the audience smile, the Yusho-style Action Duel (in the dub, Skip calls this a Duel-taining party; the party doesn't stop). Zuzu, readying her fan, is furious at her father for being full of himself. A voice behind her states that Skip is always like that. Zuzu turns to find  Yoko , who explains that Skip wanted to get his message across more stylishly (in the dub, Yoko replies that she left home as soon as she got Zuzu's message). As Zuzu wonders what the message is, Yuya ends his turn and all monsters return to Attack Position as "Illusion Dance" wears off.
 Yuya asks Skip if this is really his father's Dueling style; Yusho was more flashier than that. Skip says this was his point all along; Yusho's entertainment was cooler and more magnificent than anyone else, though it wasn't always like that. Yusho brought thrills and speed to Action Dueling, but his acrobatics brought criticism. Eventually, the jeers turned into cheers as Yusho became the star of Action Dueling. Skip advises Yuya that the door to a new world won't open unless someone with courage pushes it. He reminds Yuya that his own door was "Pendulum", but the concept isn't exclusive to him anymore. Eventually, anyone can Pendulum Summon.
 Skip draws " Exchanging Notes " on his turn; the children wonder what it is. Skip activates the card he just drew. It allows him to draw two cards, but he will trade them for two cards in Yuya's hand. Skip draws "Guts Master Fire" and "Guts Master Heat" and throws them to Yuya, while he chooses to take "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician". Skip adds that the monsters he took can't be Normal or Special Summoned this turn (in the dub, Skip wonders what magic those two "Magicians" will conjure up") and activates " Go Go Guts! ", as two of his "Guts Master" monsters are in Yuya's hand; he can return them to his hand. He reiterates that none of the monsters he has can be Normal Summoned this turn, but reminds Yuya that he can still Pendulum Summon. Skip activates "Stargazer" and "Timegazer" in his Pendulum Zones. As the spectators look on, Skip chants, "Light the flame of my soul with your burning red blood!" ("The pendulum is swinging, igniting the arc of victory!" in the dub) and Pendulum Summons "Fire and "Heat". Yuya is in shock that Skip Pendulum Summoned, which Skip admonishes him for because Yusho would never feel that way. When other people started Action Dueling, he felt overjoyed. Yuya is surprised and Skip further explains that after learning about this, Yusho polished his skills. Everyone around him followed his example and made Action Dueling the way it is today through diligent training. Yuya recalls Declan's words of Yusho being the pioneer of Action Dueling; even Declan admired Yusho. Skip tells Yuya that only the best know what it's like being the best and encourages Yuya to reach that goal. As the person who pioneered Pendulum Summoning, he has to set an example for those who want to follow and hone his skills against Declan. Skip ends his turn without attacking, to the children's surprise. Yoko reminds them that Skip is tactless. Tate deduces that Skip didn't need to go through the trouble of Pendulum Summoning and Yoko concludes that there are things more important than winning. If Skip didn't have that mindset, he wouldn't be as good a Duelist as he is now. Yoko leaves, but Zuzu stops her, asking why she's leaving. Yoko simply winks and says it's not her turn to chime in yet (in the dub, Zuzu asks if Skip was really that good and Yoko replies that those that can do, while others prefer to help others do). At the  End Phase , all cards exchanged via "Exchanging Notes" return to their owners' hands, so Yuya regains "Stargazer" and "Timegazer".
 Yuya remembers what Declan had told him about the evolution of Pendulum Summoning, then remembers what his father said to him: if he curls up in fear, he can't keep moving forward. If he wants to win, he must move forward (Yusho's words are cut from the dub; Yuya thinks he must match draw for draw if he is to follow Declan's words; his Deck wouldn't feel sorry for itself, but he won't either). He admits that he can't see the next evolution of Pendulum Summoning yet and starts his turn. He yells, "Ladies and gentlemen!" and instructs "Whip Snake" to come to him; it coils itself around Yuya's arm. "Whip Snake" extends its body, wraps itself around a ring, and launches Yuya forward. Yuya lands on a light platform and swings from another ring with "Whip Snake", while grabbing an Action Card from a building and activating it, "Illusion Dance", to change all monsters to Defense Position. Frederick realizes this was the card Skip used before, while Ally wonders why Yuya is using it now. Zuzu clarifies that the effects of "Guts Master" monsters are active while they're in Attack Position. Tate notices that now that Skip's monsters are in Defense Position, they can't use their effects. Ally wonders why "Whip Snake" is still dancing (Tate's and Ally's lines are cut from the dub).
 Yuya leaps from platform to platform and ends up on another building. He announces the main event and sets "Stargazer" and "Timegazer" in his Pendulum Zones, to Skip's happiness. He Pendulum Summons " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", " Performapal Spikeagle ", and " Performapal Stamp Turtle ". Yuya swings on a ring, mounts "Odd-Eyes", and activates the effect of "Spikeagle" to let "Odd-Eyes" inflict  piercing  battle damage this turn. "Spikeagle" flies around "Odd-Eyes" and glows with a green aura. Gong is surprised at the turn of events. Yuya follows up with the effect of "Stamp Turtle", which lets him increase the Levels of all monsters on the field by 1; "Stamp Turtle" places its stamp on its sheet and a bright light flashes. Yuya activates the Action Card " Illusion Fire ", which lets him select a monster to attack all monsters his opponent controls once each. He declares his Battle Phase and orders "Odd-Eyes" to attack "Fire" with " Spiral Flame Strike ". "Spikeagle" joins in the attack as its body is cloaked in flames. Skip is impressed; it's as if "Spikeagle" is a phoenix. "Spikeagle" rams into "Fire", destroying it. The effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubles the battle damage, as it battled a Level 5 or higher monster, reducing Skip to 2300 LP. "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Heat" next. This time, "Stamp Turtle" joins in. It skips over the flames in panic before withdrawing into its shell and crashing into and destroying "Heat". This brings Skip to 500 LP. Yuya announces the final attack; "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Red", with "Whip Snake" slithering into the flames and headbutting "Red", destroying it and winning Yuya the Duel.
 As Skip is knocked back, he exclaims he's burning out (in the dub, Skip exclaims he's been defeated). Yuya and all four of his monsters take a bow before the Action Field dissipates. He runs over to the unconscious Skip, cradles him into his arms, and asks if he's okay. Skip congratulates Yuya for doing well, explaining everything he wanted to convey got through before falling unconscious again (in the dub, Skip says he taught everything he knew to Yuya and encourages him to go forward). Yuya yells, "PRINCIPAL!" (the words "Hot-Blooded Shuzo Theater: Fin" appears onscreen at this point; the text is cut from the dub) Zuzu whacks her fan on Skip's face. She yells at her father not to die like that (in the dub, she tells him to stop being melodramatic). As Skip clutches his face in pain, he exclaims this must be youth. Yuya thanks Skip for the Duel and promises to train harder than anyone else (in the dub, Yuya promises not to run away from his problems and to face them head-on) so he can make the audience smile like his father one day. Zuzu mutters Yuya's name and ends with a look of determination on her face (Zuzu's moment is cut from the dub).
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Skip Boyle 
       Skip  vs.  Yuya     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Showtime Street " is  activated , as per the 's rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Skip 
 Skip   Normal Summons  " Guts Master Fire " (1700/1700).  Once per turn , its  effect  lets him  Special Summon  a " Guts Master "  monster  from his hand. He Special Summons " Guts Master Heat " in  Attack Position  (1600/1600). Once per  turn , its effect lets him Special Summon a "Guts Master" monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Guts Master Red " in Attack Position (1500/1500). Skip  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
Skip  activates  his  face-down  " Full Throttle Soul ". As long as he  controls  a "Guts Master" monster, both players must play with their hands  revealed . Yuya's hand contains " Performapal Friendonkey ", " Performapal Stamp Turtle ", " Performapal Spikeagle ", " Performapal Whip Snake ", " Timegazer Magician ", and " Stargazer Magician ". Skip does not have any cards in his hand. Yuya Normal Summons "Friendonkey" (1600/600). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting him Special Summon a  Level  4 or lower "Performapal" monster from his hand or Graveyard. Yuya Special Summons "Whip Snake" in Attack Position (1700/900). "Friendonkey"  attacks  "Red", with Skip activating the effect of "Fire" to prevent the  destruction  of "Red"  by battle , as it is in Attack Position. (Skip: 4000 → 3900  LP ). After  damage calculation , the effect of "Heat" activates, destroying a monster that attacked another Attack Position "Guts Master" monster this turn. "Friendonkey" is destroyed. Skip finds an Action Card. "Whip Snake" attacks "Red", but Skip activates the Action Card " Illusion Dance ",  switching  all monsters on the  field  to  Defense Position , though they will be returned to their original positions during the  End Phase . This effectively negates "Whip Snake"'s attack as it is no longer in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: Skip 
Skip draws " Exchanging Notes ". As Skip controls a "Guts Master" monster, Skip activates "Exchanging Notes", letting him draw two cards, but they will be added to his opponent's hand, while he may then add two cards from his opponent's hand to his own. None of the involved monsters can be Normal or Special Summoned this turn and this turn's  Battle Phase  will be skipped. All involved cards will be returned to their  owner 's hands during the End Phase. He draws another copy of "Fire" and another copy of "Heat". They are added to Yuya's hand and Skip chooses "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician" from Yuya's. As Yuya has "Guts Master" monsters that are owned by Skip on the field or in his hand, Skip activates his face-down " Go Go Guts! ", returning them to his hand, though they may not be Normal Summoned this turn. He adds "Fire" and "Heat" back to his hand, and since they were exchanged again, they may now be Special Summoned. Skip activates "Stargazer Magician" (   1) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Skip  Pendulum Summons  "Guts Master Fire" (1700/1700) and "Guts Master Heat" (1600/1600), both from his hand in Attack Position. During the End Phase, "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician" return to Yuya's hand, while the Pendulum Summoned "Fire" and "Heat" return to Skip's hand.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya finds and activates the Action Card, "Illusion Dance", switching all monsters on the field to Defense Position, though they will be returned to their original positions during the End Phase (Thus making the effects of the "Guts Master"s useless, as they require them to be in Attack Position.). He then finds an Action Card. Yuya activates "Stargazer Magician" (   1) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his Pendulum Zones. Yuya Pendulum Summons " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000), "Performapal Spikeagle" (900/900) and "Performapal Stamp Turtle" (100/1800), all from his hand in Attack Position. Yuya activates the effect of "Spikeagle", which lets a monster to inflict  Piercing   battle damage  this turn. He targets "Odd-Eyes". Yuya then activates the effect of "Stamp Turtle", letting him increase the Level of every monster on the field by 1 until the End Phase ("Odd-Eyes":   7 → 8, "Spikeagle":   2 → 3, "Stamp Turtle"/"Whip Snake"/"Fire"/"Heat"/"Red":   4 → 5). Yuya activates the Action Card, " Illusion Fire ", letting a monster he controls attack a number of times equal to the number of monsters his opponent controls, though other monsters can't attack this turn. He targets "Odd-Eyes". "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Fire", with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the battle damage as it is  battling  a Level 5 or higher monster (Skip: 3900 → 2300 LP). "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Heat", with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the battle damage as it is battling a Level 5 or higher monster (Skip: 2300 → 500 LP). "Odd-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Red", with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the battle damage as it is battling a Level 5 or higher monster (Skip: 500 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Friendonkey 
 Performapal Spikeagle 
 Performapal Stamp Turtle 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Fire Mufflerlion [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Partnaga [Notes 1] 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician 
 
 Skip Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guts Master Fire  x2 
 Guts Master Heat  x2 
 Guts Master Red Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Exchanging Notes 
 Go Go Guts! 
 Traps 
 Full Throttle Soul 
 
 Action Fields Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acrobatic Circus 
 Showtime Street 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Illusion Dance  x2 
 Illusion Fire 
 
 Marco Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 The Last Warrior from Another Planet Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Instant Fusion 
 
 Other Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Sky Magician 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Savant Kepler [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acrobatic Circus 
 Showtime Street 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when Zuzu explains why Yuya used " Illusion Dance ", she mistakenly states that the effects of the " Guts Master " monsters are useless while they are in  Attack Position , when it is when they are in  Defense Position  that their effects are negated. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Le spectacle doit continuer
 
 
  German 
 Die Show muss weitergehen
 
 
  Italian 
 Lezione preziosa
 
 
  Korean 
 뜨거운 남자, 수철과의 대결!
 
 
  Thai 
 เลือดเดิอด!! กับโชว์ของชูโซว
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 Lianne Marie Dobbs 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Tio 
 
 Takahiro Fujiwara 
 
 Herc 
 
 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 Ryoko Yui 
 
 Yoko Sakaki
 
 Saskia Maarleveld 
 
 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 
 Horoki Touchi 
 
 Yusho Sakaki
 
 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen on  Yuya 's  Duel Disk  during his Duel with  Declan . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on Declan's  Duel Disk . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/ArcV_014.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140713133952', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Shuzo_VS_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140713134152', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes