Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Dark_Yugi_manga_portal.png

For the manga version of this character, see  Dark Yugi (manga) .      
 
 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 The other me (Nameless) Pharaoh The Pharaoh Atem Yu-Gi-Oh Yami Spirit 
 
 
 Japanese   
 闇遊戯 
 
 
 Korean   
 어둠의 유희 
 
 
 Arabic   
 يامي يوغي 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 III Shemu 19th [1] 
 
 
 Age 
 3000+ (Japanese/FUNimation dub) 5000+ (4Kids dub) 
 
 
 Height 
 153 cm (5') 
 
 
 Weight 
 42 kg (92.5 lbs) 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 A 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Atem  (progenitor) Aknamkanon  (father; deceased) Seto  (first cousin) Aknadin  (paternal uncle; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Duelist Kingdom   Winner       Battle City   Winner     Grand Championship   Winner     Battle City V2   Winner   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Strategy 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Kuriboh Dark Magician Kaiser Sea Horse 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 1: " The Heart of the Cards "  (second series anime) 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie Ani-Manga 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 GameCube  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom 
 
 
 PC  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny 
 
 
 PlayStation  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Dan Green  (4Kids dub) Chuck Powers (Singapore) Jeff Bennett (Kids WB Saturday Morning Promo) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Megumi Ogata  (1st series) Shunsuke Kazama  (2nd series) 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Abdo Hakim 
 
 
 German  
 Sebastian Schulz 
 
 
 Italian  
 Massimo Di Benedetto 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Mário Bomba (S1-S4) (Portugal) Marcelo Campos (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Irwin Daayán (LATAM); Pablo Sevilla (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Jefferson Utanes 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi , known as  Dark Yugi  in the  manga  and Japanese versions, and also referred to as the Nameless Pharaoh, is the spirit of  Pharaoh Atem  that has been sealed in the  Millennium Puzzle . He is the main protagonist of the  original  and  second  series, along with  Yugi Muto .
 Together with Yugi he holds the title "King of Games" (King of Duelists in Japanese version), by winning in the Duelist Kingdom, Battle City, Grand Championship and Battle City V2 (in GX anime) tournaments.
 After Yugi Muto solved the Millennium Puzzle, Yami Yugi resided in Yugi's body and would take possession of it when Yugi or his friends were in danger. After Yugi became fully aware of Yami's existence, Yugi could voluntarily give control of his body to the Pharaoh; occasionally before one would give control to the other, they would, as souls in the mind of the one controlling Yugi's body, converse with each other, usually about their options of what to do when in difficult situations.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Origin 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 2.2.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.2.2   Legendary Heroes 
 2.2.3   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 2.2.4   Battle City 
 2.2.5   Virtual World 
 2.2.6   Enter the Shadow Realm 
 2.2.7   Waking the Dragons 
 2.2.8   Grand Championship 
 2.2.9   Dawn of the Duel 
 2.2.10   Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 2.3   Future Meetings 
 
 2.3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 2.4   Altered timelines 
 
 2.4.1   Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yugi Muto 
 3.2   Téa Gardner 
 3.3   Joey Wheeler 
 3.4   Tristan Taylor 
 3.5   Serenity Wheeler 
 3.6   Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 4   Powers and Skills 
 5   Ultimate Deck (list of every card ever used) 
 6   Non-canon appearances 
 7   Other appearances 
 8   Deck 
 9   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Yami Yugi lineart      Yugi's character design was overseen by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 As he exists in Yugi's body, his appearance is largely the same as Yugi's, although many alterations are made when Yami takes control, such as his eyes. However, Yami Yugi has a more mature appearance, being taller in stature and having a deeper voice in the dub. In the Japanese version, though, very little change can be detected in Yugi and Yami Yugi's voice. His eyes are also narrower with a more intense, determined gaze. He also appears more muscular.
 Yami Yugi's hair features multiple layers including long blond crocked, pointy locks for his fringe. Unlike Yugi, some of the blond locks jut upwards. The rest of his hair features five large spikes colored black with red (with a hint of magenta) rims all along the edges. The spikes were loose and free flowing at the beginning of the manga, but over time became stiffer.
 In many illustrations Yami Yugi is depicted having purple eyes like Yugi. But in some of the cover pictures of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga, he is depicted having aqua green colored eyes.
 At the beginning of the series, his outfit consists of the standard male Domino High uniform complete with a closed buckled collar and a large set of Ankh cufflinks on his sleeves, which weren't present when Yugi was in control. Underneath the male Domino High uniform he wears a dark blue or purple leather jacket with gold-studded buttons, replaced by a simple dark grey singlet during  Battle City Tournament  story arc. It is also noted that his uniform becomes a darker shade of blue when Yami Yugi assumes control. Also, during Duelist Kingdom, Yugi's blue and white sneakers would turn into solid blue boot-like shoes when Yami takes control. The Ankhs were later removed. Unlike Yugi, Yami Yugi sometimes wears the jacket as a cape, which could be because of actually wearing one when he was Pharaoh.
 He wears the Millennium Puzzle on a brown leather rope around his neck. The leather rope is later replaced with a chain.
 
         Yami Yugi's dark purple leather jacket as worn in the  Duelist Kingdom  arc. It is replaced by simpler dark grey singlet during and after the  Battle City Tournament      When he played Dungeon Dice Monsters against  Duke Devlin , he wears a dark-gray long-sleeved shirt, a sleeveless vest, dark blue pants and black shoes.
 When he and  Téa  took a day together to find out about the Millennium Puzzle, he wore black linen and several pieces of wrist-chains, to match the Millennium Puzzle's chain.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters , Yami wears a different attire of a violet jacket and jeans. He also wears the  Capsule Shooter  on his left arm. In episode 4, he gains Duel armor that allows him to become one with one of his capsule monsters.
 
 Personality 
 In the early manga, Dark Yugi starts out as an merciless vigilante. He emerges to deal justice to people who trespass the souls of Yugi and his friends. Although his acts are righteous, he lives up to his namesake of Dark; his  Penalty Game  punishments are usually very brutal. Later, while living inside Yugi's body, he seems to become more of a caring, nice and friendly disposition, even though he always had that in him, and the friendship of Yugi's friends had helped it be revealed to others. Yami is a strong, powerful and skilled Pharaoh. He attempts to balance darkness and evil in his use of the Shadow Magic from his Millennium Item. Unlike Yami Bakura and Yami Marik, he never uses it for personal gain, instead preferring to help others in need, and to inflict punishment only on people who have severely wronged innocents.
 He is slightly reserved, as he doesn't reveal his existence to Yugi or his friends. At first Yugi feared Yami Yugi, but after Yugi admits to thinking "another Yugi" exists inside him, his friends become aware of his existence and accepted him as a friend. Even before, Yami is extremely protective of Yugi.
 Yami's pride is his greatest strength and weakness. Initially he refuses to lose games, without considering the consequences. This has caused him to almost kill  Seto Kaiba  by attacking his monster while he stood on a ledge and the shockwaves could cause him to fall if Yugi chose to win the Duel (in the Japanese version, Kaiba threatened to commit suicide should he lose). Yugi holds him back from such acts at times, but he is not always successful. Yugi becomes afraid to let Yami out for a while, because of the harm he could cause. During his Duel with Rafael, Yami, albeit with great hesitation, eventually ignored Yugi's objections and used the Seal of Orichalcos rather than lose. Ironically, it was this action and Yami's subsequent corrupt actions during the Duel would lead to one of his few defeats and the capture of Yugi's soul by Dartz. Yami expressed great grief and guilt following the battle due to Yugi's willingly suffering, which were because of Yami's actions. However, he was able to conquer and purge the darkness within himself; which also eradicating the malignant influence of the Orichalcos that remains within him. Learning how to lose became an essential aspect of Yami's journey, which he is tested in the  Ceremonial Battle .
 Yami is also wise and intelligent. He knows all the rules and details of how the game is played, as well as those of all games. He also knows several special game techniques, such as the Double Hit dice roll technique, which, when two dice are used and the one with the weak spin stops first, lets him make the dice that's already spinning hit the one that isn't, allowing him to change its number, which is done by bumping the field with a body part, e.g the elbow.
 Despite being an ancient Pharaoh, Yami is very quick to learning and utilizing modern technology. He, despite initial shock, was able to quickly grasp the concept of holographic technology, how Dueling Arenas and  field Power Bonuses  worked, was able to use the Dungeon Dice Monsters Help computer to quickly formulate strategies, and was able to use Duel Disks flawlessly on the first try. Yami is also capable of translating the hieroglyphics of the Egyptians, figuring out the riddles or clues and what they mean.
 Through Yugi and his friends, Yami Yugi learns the values and powers of friendship and unity. After seeing Yugi overcome Marik in his Duel with Joey, who has been possessed, Yami thinks to himself, he learned something from Yugi; that in kindness lies the greatest strength of all; one day Yugi will surpass him in every way. [2] 
 In the Japanese anime, Yami often refers to Yugi as "Aibou" (Partner) although there have been instances where he also refers to Yugi as Other Me, although being more prideful than Yugi he uses "ore" as such he would call Yugi "Mou hitori no ore".
 
 Biography 
 Origin 
 Pharaoh Atem  defeated  Zorc Necrophades , sacrificing his life in the process. He used his name as part of a spell that sealed Zorc's soul and his soul into the  Millennium Puzzle . The puzzle was shattered by  Priest Seto  and laid to rest in the Pharaoh's tomb.
 3,000 years later (5,000 in the dub), the Puzzle was found by  Solomon Muto . Solomon's guide attempted to kill him to take the Pharaoh's treasure for himself. After the guide met his fate at the hands of a monster, Solomon was saved by the apparent spirit of Atem. When he returned home, he brought the Puzzle back with him. His grandson,  Yugi Muto , solved the Puzzle, which caused the Pharaoh's spirit to inhabit Yugi's body. The Pharaoh's soul, which comes to be known as "the other Yugi" or "Yami Yugi", was now missing the vast majority of his memories.
 In the dub, Yami knows by the start of the Battle City arc that he at least comes from ancient Egypt, although he doesn't know he was once a pharaoh until visiting the Egyptian exhibit in the museum. In the Japanese version, however, he has no idea of any memories at the arc's beginning and has a conversation with Yugi about it in an episode before his museum visit, including being unknown of where he came from.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
         Yami Yugi performing his Mind Crush ability on  Seto Kaiba .     
 Kaiba challenges  Solomon Muto  to a Duel after seeing his " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " for the first time. He defeats Grandpa and tears up the card, and saying it will never be used against him, Yami Yugi Duels him using Grandpa's Deck. Kaiba Summons the other 3 "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and Yugi defeats him with " Exodia the Forbidden One ". After winning, he utilizes his intense mind-crushing abilities on Kaiba, dispelling his evil side.
 With his eyes set on the Millennium Puzzle (in the dub),  Maximillion Pegasus  sends Yugi a videotape and invitation to  Duelist Kingdom . When the video is played, Pegasus appears on the screen and requests a Duel with Yugi. Using his  Millennium Eye , Pegasus takes Yugi into The Shadow Realm, while Yugi's friends and Grandpa are frozen. Yami Yugi emerges and Duels Pegasus. Pegasus reads Yami's mind, using his Millennium Eye and learns his strategies. Yami ultimately loses due to the time limit on the Duel. Pegasus then steals Grandpa's soul, using his Millennium Eye to blackmail Yugi into entering the Duelist Kingdom tournament.
 At the tournament, Yami defeats  Weevil Underwood  and  Mako Tsunami  and supports Joey in his Duel against  Mai .
 
         Yami Yugi shakes hand with Mako as friends after the latter's defeat.     
 Mokuba Kaiba , who was held prisoner by Pegasus, escapes and steals another Duelist's Deck. Mokuba wants revenge for how  Kaiba Corporation  got humiliated after Seto Kaiba lost to Yugi and knows Pegasus needs to beat Yugi in order to take over KaibaCorp. He Duels Yami Yugi in the hopes of eliminating him, so Pegasus will be unable to face him in the finals. Unable to beat Yami, Mokuba steals two of his  Star Chips , to get him disqualified. Yami manages to convince Mokuba, they should be working together and to return the stolen Star Chips. Mokuba tries to return the first Star Chips he stole, but the Duelist he took them from is already being shipped off the island. As Mokuba shows  Kemo  that Duelist's Star Chips, Kemo slaps them into the water, including two of Yugi's, and takes Mokuba captive. Yami challenges Kemo to a Duel for Mokuba's freedom. Kemo doesn't Duel, though, but arranges another meeting, where he'll have an opponent for Yugi.
 Yami faced the  Mimic of Doom , who initially disguised himself as Kaiba. The Mimic insisted that Kaiba was dead and he was his ghost seeking revenge. In the dub, he claimed to be Kaiba's evil half that Yami had sent to the  Shadow Realm . In all cases Yami's opponent used Kaiba's Deck. Yugi is able to defeat one of the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" cards on his own, and then the real Seto Kaiba hacked into Pegasus computer system and installed a virus in the second "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" Summoned by Yami's opponent, inspiring Yugi to defeat the final Dragon by using "Monster Reborn" to bring back the first Blue-Eyes on his side and transfer the attack power of " Mystical Elf " to his Dragon. In the Japanese anime, he used the Millennium Puzzle to put the Mimic in a coma. In the dub, he drove all evil from the Mimic.
 
         Yami Yugi dueling  Yami Bakura  in a  Shadow Game  with Yugi and his friends as Yami's monsters on the field.     
 Yugi and his friends met up with  Bakura Ryou .  Yami Bakura  trapped Tristan, Téa, Joey, Yugi and Bakura in Duel Monsters cards, while he and Yami Yugi Dueled with them in their Decks. After Summoning " Dark Magician ", the card Yugi had become, Joey, Téa and Tristan see that there are two Yugi for the first time in the anime. Yami is put at a disadvantage, as he focus on keeping his friends alive for the Duel. Yami Bakura plays " Change of Heart ", which Bakura had become. Bakura refuses to turn his friends against each other and takes over Yami Bakura's " Lady of Faith ", telling Yami Yugi that he can win, if he attacks him. Yami Yugi refuses to attack his friend. He then uses the Millennium Puzzle to switch the souls of the two Bakuras and attacks, sending Yami Bakura to the  Graveyard  and winning the Duel. Afterwards Téa, Tristan and Joey all think they dreamed it.
 Yami then faces  PaniK , to win back Mai's Star Chips that she lost to him. Yami believes he knows what kind of man PaniK was—a cowardly bully hiding behind defenses. Yami defeats him, but PaniK doesn't give up and uses flame injectors to try to kill the spirit of the Millennium Puzzle. Yami protects himself with the power of the Millennium Puzzle, and inflicts a Mind Crush on PaniK.
 Yami Tag Duels with Joey as they take on the  Paradox Brothers  together. The game being a  Labyrinth Duel , puts it strongly in the Paradox brothers favor, but Yami Yugi and Joey are able to beat them through teamwork. To leave the Labyrinth, there are two paths out of the arena: one leads out of the caves, while another leads to an endless maze. As a way of helping the two, the Brothers claim that one of them will speak only lies, while the other will speak only the truth, and furthermore allow both Yami Yugi and Joey to ask one question each to find out which path is correct. However, Yami deduces that both brothers are lying and they have the power to change which path leads where. By using a two-headed coin to trick the Brothers into admitting this, Yugi and his friends escape the caves. After this win, Yami Yugi and Joey have enough Star Chips to enter the finals.
 
         Yami Yugi dueling Kaiba in order to face Pegasus in the finals.     
 On entry to the castle to enter the finals, Yugi is confronted by Kaiba, who must beat Yugi, before he can face Pegasus. Kaiba Summons the " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", causing troubles for Yami. Yami shields himself with a wall of " Kuriboh " from " Multiply " and manages to weaken the dragon by fusing " Mammoth Graveyard " into it, causing it to decay. When Yami is one attack away from victory, Kaiba stands up on the wall of the castle. If Yami continues the attack, Kaiba will be blown off the edge. Yami continues the attack, but Yugi takes control and cancels the attack, forfeiting the Duel to Kaiba, who takes five of Yugi's Star Chips.
 Yugi manages to regain a spot in the finals as Mai gives him her excessive Star Chips, in thanks for winning hers back off PaniK. Yami Yugi faces Mai in the first round of the finals, but patronizes her and only thinks of facing Pegasus. This leads to a lot of bad plays on Yugi's behalf. (In the dub, Yugi refuses to let Yami Duel, in fear that he may harm his opponent, like he was willing to harm Kaiba. Yami tries to talk Yugi into letting him Duel, as Yugi puts up a weak fight. After talking with Mai about facing fears, Yugi lets Yami take control.) Having faith in his friends and everyone depending on him, Yami Summons the " Black Luster Soldier " and uses it to defeat Mai.
 
         Yami Yugi vs Joey.     
 Yami Yugi faces Joey in the finals. Despite being friends, neither player holds back. Joey uses all he's learnt from the Yugis in the past and puts up a close Duel. Both players begin crying as Yami makes his final move winning the Duel.
 Yami proceeds to face Pegasus in the finals. His souls is at stake as he battles for the release of Grandpa and the Kaiba brother's souls. Pegasus dominates the Duel at an early stage, with his  Toon monsters  and using his  Millennium Eye  to read Yami's mind. Yami talks with Yugi, who gets the idea to continually switch control of his body. This way after Yugi makes a move, he switches to Yami, whose mind Pegasus then reads. This causes Pegasus to not see what cards are played  face-down  and where Yugi hides "Dark Magician" under " Magical Hats ". Pegasus uses " Magical Neutralizing Force " to remove the hats, but Yami uses a cards Yugi Set, " Living Arrow ", which copies "Magical Neutralizing Force", which destroys " Toon World ", and " Mirror Force " destroys Pegasus' Toons. Pegasus then takes the Duel to the  Shadow Realm  and uses his eye-themed monsters. Yugi, unable to cope with the  Shadow Realm  passes out after a few turns, setting a card as he does so.
 
         Yami Yugi and Yugi looking at their friends as they have defeated Pegasus and rescued everyone he captured.     
 Yami struggles with continuing the Duel alone. He then gets a vision of Grandpa, who tells that Yugi may not physically be with him, but his spirit still is. When Pegasus tries to read Yami's mind, the card he drew is blocked because of Téa, Tristan, and Joey spiritually bonding together to support Yami. Yami manages to counter Pegasus strategy, using the last card Yugi set, " Dark Magic Ritual " and a combination of Magic Cards, resulting in the " Magician of Black Chaos " being pitted against Pegasus' " Thousand-Eyes Restrict ". Using "Multiply" "Thousand Eyes Restrict" is forced to absorb a " Kuriboh Token " and has each of its eyes covered, freeing the Magician from its paralysis. "Magician of Black Chaos" attacks "Thousand-Eyes Restrict", winning the Duel. Later, he discovered Pegasus' true intentions when Téa read his diary. After the Kaibas' souls were free and the gang was leaving, Yugi asked Yami Yugi what his name was. He replied by saying that he has been called many things throughout the ages-Pharaoh, Yu-Gi-Oh or Yami, which he seems to prefer more.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Mokuba Kaiba requests the help of Yugi and his friends after Seto Kaiba gets trapped in a virtual reality game by  the Big Five . Yugi, along with Joey, Mai and Mokuba save Kaiba. Yami and Kaiba together Summon " Dragon Master Knight " and use it to defeat the final boss, the " Mythic Dragon ".
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
         Yami Yugi and Yugi converse.     
 Grandpa feared for his business, the  Kame Game , when the new game store, the  Black Clown  opened in  Domino City . He ordered Yugi to stay away from the new shop. However Yugi and Téa passed it on the way to school later. Yugi received a flyer for a new game  Dungeon Dice Monsters , but Téa dragged him away after he blushed at the lady handing out the flyer. [3] 
 At school, they met the new student,  Duke Devlin , the owner of the Black Clown. Joey was jealous of Duke's popularity and challenged him to a game of  Duel Monsters . Yugi objected to the condition that Joey and Duke both use Decks from packs they open on the spot. Joey lost the televised Duel and in keeping his end of the bargain had to do whatever Duke said. Yugi became disgusted after Duke forced Joey to wear a dog suit and behave like a dog, so he switched to Yami who challenged Duke to a Duel. Duke accepted if they play  Dungeon Dice Monsters  instead of  Duel Monsters  and should Yugi lose he must relinquish his title of "King of Games" and give-up playing  Duel Monsters . [3] 
 Unfamiliar with the rules, Yami got off to a rough start. His chances did not improve as Duke revealed that he designed  Dungeon Dice Monsters  with Pegasus' aid. Duke blamed Yami Yugi for Pegasus' disappearance after Duelist Kingdom. [4]  Yami used his innate gaming skills to turn the tables on Duke. Yami succeeded in calling " Dark Magician ", which Pegasus had added to the game, and used it to defeat Duke. [5] 
 After the game, Duke, Yugi and Yugi's friends went to Duke's office. Duke lamented that his dream has been crushed as nobody would want to play  Dungeon Dice Monsters  now. However Yugi assured him that it was a great game and his friends agreed. Duke apologized for how he had treated them, and they agreed to be friends. [5] 
 
 Battle City 
         Yami and Téa talking about Yami's (at this point) unknown past, whilst on their 'date'     
         Full view of Yami's outfit during the Battle City arc.     
 Later on, Yugi asked Téa if she could go out with Yami, a request Yami was completely unaware of. Yugi believed that spending time with Téa would help Yami cheer up from his apparent gloom of not knowing anything about his past. The next day when Yugi meets Téa at the meeting site, he switched to Yami. At first, Yami showed a confident face as he often did, but became confused when noticing that there was no one to Duel. Yami began to yell down at the Millennium Puzzle, but was cut short when he noticed Téa standing before him and showed a rare but funny and peculiar expression of embarrassment. After visiting many shops and attractions, they enter an arcade. Inside, Yami observes with interest the many games he has never heard nor seen before. Téa is later challenged by and squares off against  Johnny Steps  in a dance game. Not taking his loss too well, Johnny later catches up with Yami Yugi and Téa and challenges Téa to rematch, claiming that his leg had cramped up. If she loses she must become his girlfriend. Yami, not wanting to place Téa's dignity at stake, instead challenges Johnny to a game of Duel Monsters. If he wins, Johnny must leave Téa alone. If Johnny wins, Téa must go on a date with him (an event which Yami felt confident he could prevent). Yami reveals himself to be Yugi Muto during the Duel, causing Johnny to surrender and run. Téa stops him, tells him how quitting isn't going to get him far, and that he must keep trying to achieve his goals. Afterwards Téa and Yami go to an Ancient Egyptian exhibition to find clues to Yami's past. Here they meet  Ishizu Ishtar , who shows Yami some information about his past as a pharaoh and tells him he must enter the  Battle City  tournament to learn more, as well as warning him of a coming danger.
 Yugi is invited to the Battle City tournament. Yami faces the  Rare Hunter ,  Seeker , in the preliminaries, winning back Joey's " Red Eyes Black Dragon " and learning that his enemy is a man named  Marik Ishtar . After trying to return "Red-Eyes" to Joey, Joey insists that Yugi should keep it and he'll take it back when he becomes a better Duelist.
 Yami next faces  Arkana , whose signature card is also a " Dark Magician ". The Duel is set up, so two saw-blades draw closer to the player's feet, as their  Life Points  lower. Yami wins the Duel and rescues Arkana from the blades.
 
         Yami's first encounter with an almighty Egyptian God-Slifer the Sky Dragon.     
 Yami Yugi faces an  Egyptian God  for the first time, as Marik Duels him, through his puppet  Strings . Strings Summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and creates a massive  hand  of cards. Yami manages to turn Marik's strategy against him, ultimately forcing his opponent to  Deck Out , and takes "Slifer the Sky Dragon" after winning.
 
         Yami Yugi during the  Battle City  arc     
 Kaiba challenges Yami Yugi to a Duel after his victory against Strings. Yami however postpones the Duel, as he must check his friends' safety, as Marik is just after threatening to turn them into Mind Slaves. Kaiba assists Yugi in his search. Along the way, they Tag Duel a pair of Rare Hunters, who Kaiba quickly disposes with " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Marik then sends the same pair of Rare Hunters  Umbra  and  Lumis  to Tag Duel Yugi and Kaiba. Umbra and Lumis Decks are designed to combat the Summoning of the God cards, but Yami and Kaiba manage to work together and get around their lock, Summoning Obelisk once again to win the Duel. Yugi acquires enough  Locator Cards  to proceed to the finals after this Duel.
 At  Domino Pier , Yami locates Joey, only to discover that his friend is possessed by Marik. Both players are chained to an anchor and forced to Duel. Defeating their opponent would release a key to save themselves. After a timer hits zero, the anchor would drag one of the two players chained to it into the water to drown. Marik doesn't allow Yugi to use Slifer. Yami puts the card aside, not planning to use it anyway and instead adds Joey's "Red-Eyes" to his Deck. Shortly into the Duel, Yugi asks Yami to let him handle it. Yami is unsure if that's the safest option, but relinquishes control to Yugi. Yugi puts the Millennium Puzzle aside, so Yami cannot take control. Yugi manages to snap Joey out of Marik's control in time for Joey to force the Duel into a draw and save both players. Yami learns from Yugi that in kindness lies the greatest strength of all, and he thinks one day Yugi will surpass him in every way.
 Yami competes on Kaiba's blimp for the Battle City finals. Kaiba warns him that he won't win unless he uses Slifer, and Yami reluctantly adds the god card to his Deck. His first Duel is against Bakura, and is shocked to find that his dark half has survived. During the Duel, Yami finds time is against him as Yami Bakura tries to win with the " Destiny Board ". Soon, Yami's only hope is "Slifer", and he plays the god card for the first time. Marik, who had enlisted Yami Bakura's aid, tells him to use the real Bakura, who had been injured, to try and get Yami to forfeit the Duel. Yami Bakura does, but then changes his mind at the last minute, and Yami uses "Slifer" to attack and win the Duel.
 During Mai's Duel with  Yami Marik , Marik uses " The Winged Dragon of Ra ". Joey shields Mai with his own body, though it would risk a great deal of damage. Yami rushes in at the last minute and takes the hit; his own body, through the power of his Puzzle, affords him the strength to withstand Ra's attack. Yami Marik, however, still traps Mai in her mind (sends her to the Shadow Realm in the dub).
 
 Virtual World 
 Before Kaiba's blimp can land on Alcatraz, Yugi, Kaiba, and the rest of the passengers aboard are rerouted to a hidden bunker. The bunker seems to be operated by a boy who calls himself Noah, who forces Yugi and company into a Virtual World, where everyone is separated from one another to fend for themselves—and to Duel against KaibaCorp's former Board of Directors, the Big Five.
 
         Yami Yugi in the Virtual World     Yami finds himself trapped in a lockdown Duel against Gansley, who has taken on the form of the " Deepsea Warrior ". Gansley's abilities as the "Deepsea Warrior" damage Yami's Life Points considerably, until Yami's Deck Master, " Kuriboh " (who chose itself as his partner), saves him from losing the Duel and his body. Yami manages to win by using " Rainbow Blessing " with Kuriboh to create a path for  Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight " to strike the finishing blow against Gansley and win.
 Later on, the Big Five, sharing Tristan's body, challenged Yugi to a Duel, and Joey volunteered to be his Tag Team partner. They battled the Big Five and won in the end.
 Yami convinced Noah to Duel him after he said that Kaiba would have beaten Noah, had Noah not used Mokuba to keep him from losing. He replaced Kaiba as Noah's opponent and combined Kaiba's Deck with his own, despite Kaiba having only 400 Life Points while Noah had nearly twenty times his score. With every passing turn, Noah turned each one of Yugi's friends to stone when Yugi failed to defeat him. After a harrowing battle, Yami, drawing on the strength of his friends, was able to activate " Card of Sanctity " and draw himself a brand-new hand one card for each of his friends). From that hand, he was able to use a  One Turn Kill  strategy involving " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " to defeat Noah and restore Kaiba, Mokuba, and all of Yugi's friends to normal. Right after the Duel,  Gozaburo Kaiba , Noah's father, appeared and revealed the Noah has been working for him all along, and has plans for taking of the world by sending it to the Virtual World. Noah teams up with Yugi and co., and Noah knows the way out of the Virtual World, but double-crosses them and takes Mokuba's body to enter the real world, planning to blow the Virtual World up. However, after Noah had a change of heart, and Yami Marik destroys the computer programming the missile, he tells them all the exit, and they all leave the Virtual World, with Noah returning Mokuba's body, and barely escaping the explosion.
 
 Enter the Shadow Realm 
 After escaping the  Virtual World , Yugi and the other three finalists in  Battle City — Yami Marik ,  Joey Wheeler , and  Seto Kaiba —competed against each other in a 4-way  Battle Royal , to determine which opponents would be paired up against each other. Yugi found himself pitted against Kaiba in the rematch of the Millennium since their bout in Duelist Kingdom.
 
         Yami Yugi in Duel with  Seto Kaiba ,  Yami Marik , and  Joey Wheeler .     
 During this "Clash in the Coliseum", both Yugi and Kaiba Summoned the respective  Egyptian God Card  each of them possessed, but the Duel became a heated stalemate, as neither Egyptian God was able to destroy the other. After a frightening flashback of Ancient Egypt, where Yugi and Kaiba saw their previous incarnations conduct a Shadow Game, both " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " Obelisk the Tormentor " were destroyed, so both Yugi and Kaiba fell back on Summoning their ace cards (" Dark Magician " and " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", respectively) to battle each other. When Kaiba Summoned his two other "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" with " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", Yugi considered forfeiting the Duel, but was convinced by Joey's spirit to continue the fight. On this note, Yugi Summoned " Red-Eyes Black Dragon "—which Joey had given to him after  Seeker 's defeat—and activated " Magician's Selection " to destroy " Lord of Dragons ", leaving " Spellbinding Circle " free to weaken one of the " Blue-Eyes " enough for Yugi's "Red-Eyes" to destroy it.
 Kaiba  would ultimately force the Duel into a 6-turn showdown by using " Final Attack Orders " to reduce both players' Decks to three cards. Afterwards, he Summoned " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", but Yugi Summoned " Dark Paladin " in the same turn and used " De-Fusion " to separate Kaiba's monster into its 3 components. The Duel would end in Yugi's favor, with " Diffusion Wave-Motion " allowing "Dark Paladin" to strike the final blow. As per the ante rule of the Battle City Tournament—and after Kaiba berated Yugi with his delusion that one cannot truly win while relying on others—Yugi was given " Obelisk the Tormentor " before the Duel with Marik.
 The Duel between Yugi and Marik is a Shadow Game involving the loser forfeiting his alter ego, but as Marik pointed out, no matter who won, an innocent soul would be lost forever—and if Yami Yugi lost, both he and Yugi would cease to exist.
 Although Yami Summoned "Slifer" early in the  Duel , Marik countered by Summoning " The Winged Dragon of Ra " in the same turn and would later attempt to defeat Yugi with the  Point-to-Point Transfer  power of "Ra". Yami responded by activating a card that Kaiba had given him before the Duel—" Fiend's Sanctuary ", which would turn all  Battle Damage  back on Marik if the attack went through. Even though  Marik  negated "Ra's" attack with "De-Fusion" (which he'd gained after Yugi activated " Exchange " to take " Monster Reborn " from Marik), Yami would then combo "Fiend's Sanctuary" and " Multiply " to Summon "Obelisk" and attack Marik directly, but it would not be enough to win, because with that direct attack, Marik had everything he needed to complete his Immortality strategy, eventually locking down Yami's attacks with a combo of " Egyptian God Slime " and " Jam Defender " before reviving "Ra" with "Monster Reborn" yet again. The Duel ultimately culminates and concludes with the destruction of both Ra and  Yami Marik  (thanks to Yami Yugi's " Ragnarok " card), and when Marik regains control of his body and mind, he forfeits the Duel to Yami Yugi, destroying Yami Marik, and gives him "Ra",  Millennium Rod  and  Millennium Ring . In addition,  Marik  also shows him the hieroglyphs tattooed on his back. According to Marik and Ishizu, the "Secret of the Pharaoh" is written somewhere in the hieroglyphs, and only the rightful possessor of the legendary Millennium Puzzle and the three Egyptian God Cards can unlock that great secret.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
         Yami Yugi feeling a dark presence absorbing his Egyptian God cards' powers.     
 After the Battle City tournament, Yugi goes to the museum, where Yami Yugi attempts to regain his memories by holding the Egyptian Gods up to the tablet. However, it can't due to another  dark force  freezing the entire thing, preventing him to enter and it begins to consume the God Cards' power. Afterwards, It was interrupted by real life Duel Monsters appearing outside.
 
         Yami Yugi's first encounter with the Seal of Ochricalcos.     Later that night, a group of perpetrators broke into  Kame Game  and stole the God Cards. Yami Yugi meets up with them and Duels one, known as  Gurimo , who, during the Duel activates a  field Magic Card  called " The Seal of Orichalcos ", which entraps himself and Yami Yugi inside a magical force field. Gurimo explains that by using his new Magic Card, he and Yugi are cut off from the outside world and only he who wins the Duel can escape the full power of the "The Seal of Orichalcos", as it will extract the loser's soul to awaken  the Great Leviathan . Gurimo Summons the stolen " Obelisk the Tormentor ", who is affected by the "Seal". Yami Yugi manages to destroy "Obelisk" and defeat Gurimo, sealing Gurimo's soul, but does not recover the God cards.
 The next night, when Yugi falls asleep, he and Yami awaken inside the Millennium Puzzle, where  Kuriboh  guides them to a portal into the  Duel Monsters Spirit World . Here, they meet  Dark Magician Girl , who explains about the Leviathan and urges them to pull a sword from a crystallized dragon. In doing so, Yugi, revealed to be 1 of 3 chosen Duelists, releases the  Legendary Dragon  known as Timaeus, who becomes a card in Yugi's Deck. Together, he and Yami use this card (dubbed " The Eye of Timaeus ") to fight the  Paradius  organization, who are trying to awaken the Great Leviathan with the power of "The Seal of Orichalcos".
 Afterwards, Pegasus sends Yugi and his friends a videotape, inviting the group to  Industrial Illusions  headquarters in America to collect a card needed to defeat Paradius.
 
         Yami gradually being taken over by the dark energies of  the Seal of Orichalcos  during his  Duel  against  Rafael .     
 Believing Yami Yugi was an evil Pharaoh,  Rafael  targets him to try and take his soul. He manages to lure Yugi into a Duel, but tells him he won't be using " The Seal of Orichalcos ". Rafael later plays the card " Exchange ", forcing Yami to take that very Magic Card. Yugi instructs that they must not play that card, no matter what. Unfortunately, Yami reaches a point in the Duel where he cannot win without playing it. As he prepares to activate it, Yugi objects, to no avail. However, upon playing the Seal, Timeaus automatically leaves Yami's side of the field, as it doesn't co-operate with the Orichalcos. The energies from the Orichalcos corrupt Yami, who begins  Tributing  his own monsters with the effect of " Catapult Turtle " in a reckless attempt to damage Rafael's Life Points and win, despite Yugi's objections. Rafael uses Yami's strategy against him when he Summons " Guardian Eatos ", whose  ATK  increases according to the amount of monsters in the opponent's Graveyard, and defeats Yami. "The Seal of Orichalcos" begins to take Yami's soul, but Yugi decides to sacrifice himself in Yami's place, since the Seal only needs one of their souls.
 
         The Pharaoh, horrified at what his actions has caused since falling prey to his own inner fury.     
 Yami falls into depression and guilt over what he let happen to Yugi. As he continues his travels, he and Téa are split from Joey and Tristan on a train hijacked by Rex and Weevil. Weevil, seeking revenge for his loss in  Duelist Kingdom , Duels Yami on the roof, using "The Seal of Orichalcos". "Timaeus" refuses to assist Yami when he plays it because of his actions in the last Duel. When Weevil tricks Yami into thinking he's permanently lost Yugi's soul, Yami goes berserk and recklessly attacks him by using the combo " Breaker the Magical Warrior " with " Berserker Soul ", continuing even after Weevil's Life Points reach 0. Téa stops his constant and vengeful attacks, pointing out he's already won the Duel, but not in time for them to escape the out-of-control train, as after the Duel, it derails itself and falls off a cliff.
 
         Yami giving his card,  The Eye of Timaeus  to Ironheart.     
 Yami and Téa are rescued by  Ironheart . Ashamed of himself, Yami lets Ironheart hold onto his "Timaeus" card. Ironheart leads Yami to a place of lost souls, where, after confronting several evil spirits of Duelists he has faced (most of them originated in the Duelist Kingdom arc of this series), he finds Yugi's spirit. Yugi convinces Yami to engage him in a Duel, stating that this is the only way that Yami can prove he's sorry for his recent misdeeds. During the Duel, Yugi uses "The Seal of Orichalcos" which shocked Yami to the core and uses the strategy similar to Yami's from his Duel with Rafael. Yami tries to reason with him, but Yugi refuses to listen, declaring that Yami never cared about anyone else's lives that he has brought this upon himself. Yugi uses monster sacrifices to get through to Yami's doubts, but Yami prevails by using a trap card, " Divine Wind ", to counter this strategy. Defeating Yugi, Yami is told by his partner that he had overcome his mistakes and, in doing so, defeated the darkness in his heart and eliminating the influence of the Orichalcos that corrupted him, meaning that Yugi planned this all along and was never under the influence of the evil card. 
 
         Yami seeing a vision of the past showcasing the war between duel monsters and the  Great Leviathan .     
 As Yugi vanishes suddenly, Dartz conjures an Orichalcos Soldier to Duel Yami immediately afterwards. Yami is unable to defeat the Soldier's " Orichalcos Gigas " without "Timaeus", so Ironheart,  Chris  and  Skye  sacrifice their own lives as they return the card to Yami, imploring him to save this world. With the darkness within Yami's heart erased, he summons "Timaeus", fuses his dragon with " Dark Magician Girl " to Summon her evolved " Dragon Knight " form, and uses it to defeat the Soldier.
 
         Yami and Kaiba engaging  Dartz  and the Great Leviathan for the first time.     
 Afterwards, Yami and Téa meet up with the rest of their group and  Seto Kaiba , who had just escaped a harrowing rematch with a vengeful  Alister  atop his own jet. Kaiba takes them back to Domino City, which has become overrun with Orichalcos Soldiers. After Joey beats Valon, he loses his own soul in a Duel with  Mai . On that note, Mai, who realized she made a mistake leaving Joey for "a madman who promised me power" (according to her), and who was filled with rage over losing Joey (as he was "the only one who ever cared about" her), challenges Rafael in a Duel to avenge Joey (believing that Joey would've done the same thing for her if their roles had been reversed), but she is defeated and loses her soul.
 
         Yami vs Rafael.     
 Yami makes his way to Duel Rafael, who tosses him Joey's " Hermos " card. This time Rafael uses "The Seal of Orichalos" and allows his "Eatos" to fall under its evil power. However, after Yami uses " Amulet Dragon " to destroy " Eatos ", " The Seal of Orichalos " begins to feed on Rafael's anger, just as " Guardian Dreadscythe " is Summoned in place of "Eatos". Equipping his new Guardian with his " Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe " card, Rafael defies his own practice of letting his own monsters go to the Graveyard in a vengeful attempt to defeat Yami, stating that he hates him more than the thought of having monsters in his Graveyard. However, after Yami Summons "Eatos" back to the field under his control and equips her with " Goddess Bow ", he destroys Rafael's "Dreadscythe", ultimately managing to free him from Dartz's influence. To end the Duel, Rafael plays " Soul Charge " to revive his monsters, but depletes his Life Points and loses on purpose. However, since Rafael overcame the darkness in his heart, there was nothing to power the Seal, thus allowing him to keep his soul.
 
         Yami at the final  Duel  against Dartz     In the final Duel with Dartz, Yami and Kaiba teamed up to defeat the former King of Atlantis, but Dartz revealed that "The Seal of Orichalcos" had more than one level, and proved it when he activates " Orichalcos Deuteros " and " Orichalcos Tritos ". Using his " Orichalcos Kyutora " to protect his Life Points from being depleted and the magic of "Orichalcos Deuteros" and "Orichalcos Tritos" to increase his Life Points and disrupt his opponent's strategies with every passing turn, Dartz seemed almost unbeatable. Kaiba lost his soul after some time, due to the immense ATK of " Orichalcos Shunoros ", but not before using " Wish of Final Effort " to increase Yami's  Life Points  by the ATK of his destroyed " Mirror Force Dragon ".
 Afterwards, Yami continued the Duel and activated the seemingly useless card that Pegasus created back at Industrial Illusions to battle Dartz and the Paradius Corporation—" Legend of Heart ", which allowed Timaeus,  Critias , and  Hermos  to assume their human forms as the  Legendary Knights . Sending them into battle against Dartz' "Orichalcos Shunoros" and later, his strong " Divine Serpent Geh ", Yami was able to seek out his victory—but not before the Leviathan seemed to swallow Dartz whole. Upon Dartz's defeat, the Legendary Knights returned Yugi's soul.
 
         Yami with his Egyptian Gods fighting against the Great Leviathan and Dartz.     
 The final episodes of this arc brought Yami into battle with Dartz, who seemed to have merged with the Leviathan. He calls forth his monsters, as well as the Legendary Knights, to battle the Great Beast. However, the Leviathan is too strong, despite his best efforts, and absorbs Yugi into its own body. Yugi convinced all the boys and men imprisoned inside the Leviathan whose dark feelings fueled the Leviathan's power to remember all the good things in their lives. In turn, the Egyptian Gods, whose souls were offered by Dartz as a tribute to accelerate the Leviathan's awakening—were released, and Yami left Yugi's body to join them in the battle. Through the power of the light of every boy and man from all over the world imprisoned inside the Leviathan fueling the Gods, Yami was able to defeat the Leviathan, and Dartz was restored to his human form. 
 
         Yami Yugi facing the Oricalchos Stones' dark essence and his own inner darkness.     
 However, the Leviathan's essence still existed, and Yami knew that the only way to defeat the Great Beast was to face his own evil and step into its darkness. Using the power of his light, Yami's spirit was able to destroy the Leviathan. With the Beast permanently eliminated, Dartz seemed to act differently, as it was revealed in a flashback during the  Tag-Team Duel  with him that he had also fallen under the control of the Orichalcos.
 
 Grand Championship 
 With the threat of the Orichalcos now behind them, Yugi and his friends were prepared to head back to Domino in Japan—but no one had any airfare for the trip back home.  Seto Kaiba  offered to take them back home, on one condition: Paradius' interference in  KaibaCorp  had all but ruined the latter's credibility, so Kaiba would be planning the ultimate tournament, the  KC-1 Grand Prix Championship , to restore his company's reputation, and he wanted the rest of the group to attend. The winner of the tournament would face Yugi Muto in an attempt to claim his title as the world Duel Monsters champion.
 On the opening day, while Yugi and his friends are watching a Duel between  Rick  and the  KC DuelTek 760 , a hacker traps all the Duelists and spectators inside the makeshift electronic stadium. The CPU opponent level has been altered to its highest of difficulty, and the only way for everyone to escape is to defeat the CPU in a Duel. Rick had mostly  Dragon - Type   Normal Monsters  and almost no  Magic  or  Trap Cards  in his Deck. Yugi transforms into Yami and takes over, using " Heart of the Underdog "—a card Yugi had given Rick—and combined it with the effects of " Spirit Ryu " to win and free everyone.
 Yugi didn't Duel much in this season. He cheered for Joey and Rebecca throughout the tournament. He Dueled and defeated  Vivian Wong , in order for her to cure Solomon Muto's back.
 
Yami faced  Leon von Schroeder , who assumed the alias Leon Wilson, in the finals. Leon acted differently during the Title Bout and Yugi discovered that Leon only wanted to Duel and defeat him to earn the respect of his family that  Zigfried  could not earn in his youth. Leon played an illegal card, " Golden Castle of Stromberg ", that forced Yugi to discard half the cards in his Deck with every passing turn that Leon took and also infected a virus into the KaibaCorp computer system.          Yami with Leon after winning the Duel     Yami figures out a weakness in the card: he couldn't discard half the Cards in his Deck, having only 1 card left. He was able to destroy it and nullify the virus. With "Golden Castle of Stromberg" defeated, Yugi continued the Duel and played several Magic and Trap Cards before striking the final blow using " Dark Magician ", " Necromancy ", and " Diffusion Wave-Motion " to win.
 Dawn of the Duel 
 
 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 When Yugi wakes up one night, due to being disturbed by the theft of Weevil Underwood and Rex Raptor, and meets  Yami Bakura , Yami talks to Bakura, and parts ways for the day.
 The next day, when they arrive in Egypt after a long journey, they meet up with Marik, Odion, and Ishizu, who asks to speak to the Pharaoh. They take a journey to the place where the Tablet of the Pharaoh was sealed, and once there, the Pharaoh holds the Egyptian God Cards up for it to see. They all get blinded by a light, which sucks the Pharaoh out of Yugi's body and the Puzzle, and gets transported to a table, and playing the  Dark RPG  with Bakura with his main piece as his past life, while a part of him travels back to the world of his past life as Pharaoh. There, a part of him undergoes the events that happened recently before he died. He learns that his father commanded six priests, known as  Seto , Guardian of the Millennium Rod,  Isis , Guardian of the Millennium Necklace,  Karim , Guardian of the Millennium Scales,  Shada , Guardian of the Millennium Key,  Mahad , Guardian of the Millennium Ring, and  Aknadin , Guardian of the Millennium Eye. The day Yami becomes king,  Thief King Bakura , possessed by  Yami Bakura  (his future self), attacks the palace, filling the Pharaoh's head with lies that his father,  Aknamkanon , was the one who created the Millennium Items.
 However, Yami can't bear to listen to this madman anymore, and Summons Obelisk the Tormentor to combat Bakura's Diabound, his God Monster. The priests are in shock, as well as Bakura, while Yami unleashes his power, making Bakura flee to recover from battle.
 The next day, Mahad battles the Thief King inside a tomb. While Yami and his childhood friend Mana, fight  Bakura's army  outside, Mahad joins together with his monster inside to defeat Bakura. Unfortunately, he escapes with the Millennium Ring, and Mahad is sealed inside a stone tablet, and he becomes the  Dark Magician . Soon after that, they face tragedy yet again as Bakura attacks Aknadin inside the monster temple, trying to steal his Millennium Item. In lieu of killing him, Bakura puts a spell on the old priest, and escapes. The Pharaoh gives chase into the village, Summoning  Slifer  as he does so.
 At the same time, Yugi, Téa, Joey, and Tristan, who had ventured into the puzzle to find Yami with the help of Shadi, see the Pharaoh chasing the Tomb Robber, and give chase on foot. Later, after a long battle, Slifer is wiped out, leaving the Pharaoh with nothing more than a few breaths. Yugi steps in, with the other three of his friends, and give Yami more strength, allowing him to Summon the Winged Dragon of Ra. After he defeats Bakura, Yami Bakura at the Dark RPG table used a master token to rewind time, so that Yugi and his friends never get the chance to help Yami. Slifer is knocked out once again, and this time, the Pharaoh decided to combat Bakura himself. Diabound tears apart the cliff supporting Yami, and after Bakura takes the puzzle, he stomps on the cliff hard enough to knock off the slab that held Yami up. The pharaoh survives and meets  Hasan . He then reunites with his present-day friends, but Yami leaves soon after with Mana to go to Kul Elna, where Bakura lives.
 Bakura and the royal court battle, with Diabound being destroyed by the spirit of Mahad, the Dark Magician, Yami Bakura leaves Thief King Bakura's body and reducing him to sand. However, Aknadin betrays them and Yami Bakura at the RPG table freezes time, giving Aknadin a chance to Summon Zorc. However, when Zorc attacks, Yami Yugi at the RPG table uses a master item,  Hasan , and protects them from the attack, and redirected it to Bakura's hourglass token, and time wasn't frozen anymore. However he transforms Aknadin into the Shadow Magus. He later kidnaps Seto, revealing that he's his son. The Pharaoh follows him. However, he finds out that the Shadow Magus had killed Kisara, and that he had also entered Seto's mind, and forces him to battle the Pharaoh. They battle, with Seto/Aknadin being the victor. However, Kisara's  ka , The White Dragon, enters Seto's mind and kills Aknadin for good. Seto Kaiba had watched the whole time, and says that he didn't know how he entered the Memory World. Yami and Seto then head out for battling Zorc.
 Yami and the Priests are taken out one by one as they battle the evil lord  Zorc Necrophades , a hulking beast with a head for a stomach. Through much traversing, and after getting back the Millennium Items, Shimon also helps by Summoning Exodia, but is also taken out later. Yami Summons the Egyptian Gods, thinking it will be enough. The sun starts to reveal itself once more, but Zorc arises again, blacking out the sun of Egypt. He crushes the Egyptian Gods, causing Yami to pass out from the pain it causes him, and from fatigue. Seto tries to use the “ Blue-Eyes White Dragon ” he obtained from a girl his father killed named Kisara, but fails when it gets destroyed as well. Kaiba Summons “ Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ”, and Yami uses the Millennium Scales to join with the beast to become the “ Dragon Master Knight . Even that fails as Zorc still stands strong. Shadi makes an appearance as Hasan, the Sun Protector of the Royal Tombs, when he saves the Pharaoh from Zorc's attack. After almost passing out once more, Yugi and the other arrive to help their friend, Summoning “ Red-Eyes Black Dragon ”, “ Fire Sorcerer ”, “ Super Roboyaru ”, and “ Dark Magician ”, with Mahad in control, after he had been wiped out earlier. Mana assists with “ Dark Magician Girl ” the best she could, but they all eventually perish in battle from attacks. At the RPG table, Yami Bakura reveals he is partly Zorc, and they both leave the table, enters the game, and merges with their past selves, with Yami merging with the Pharaoh, and Bakura merging with Zorc. The only way to win was to tell the Pharaoh his name, but there was one problem.
 Yugi confesses that his name was carved in hieroglyphics that they couldn't read. They all work together as they think about the symbols to appear on the cartouche that Téa had given the Pharaoh earlier. Kaiba assists in defending them, and finally, Yami's name appears, allowing him to figure out who he is. He says his name to the skies, "Atem!", and re-Summons the Egyptian God Monsters from their stone state. He merges them into the Creator of Light, Horakthy, and destroys Zorc. Later, after the sun returns, as Atem vanishes, he relinquishes his position as Pharaoh to his cousin, Seto. 
 They journey back into the real world, having the good Bakura back and the evil Bakura destroyed with Zorc. They embark on their final journey, which will decide Atem's fate-whether he should stay in the present for another 3, 000 (5,000 in the dub), or move on to the spirit world.
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 With the seven  Millennium Items , three  Egyptian God Cards ,  Zorc Necrophades  defeated, and his past learned (that including his true name), the pharaoh can depart the mortal world, and join his faithful priests in the afterlife. In order to open the doorway to the afterlife, Yami must be defeated in a Duel, known as the  Ceremonial Battle .
 Yami and his friends follow the Egyptian belief that a pharaoh must depart via a boat. Joey and Kaiba both volunteer to face Yami in the battle, but Yugi insists that he shall battle Yami. Kaiba was skeptical of this, since he thought that Yugi would just be Dueling himself. He even grabbed Yugi by the throat and started yelling at him in a dramatic act of anger, but eventually stopped upon Yugi's determination. Yami leaves Yugi to think in private, as he constructs a Deck for the battle. Yugi does the same for Yami.
 
         Atem vs. Yugi     They arrive at  the Eye of Wdjat . Yami Yugi and Yugi split into two separate physical bodies and begin to Duel, with neither player holding back.
 Yami quickly Summons the Egyptian Gods. Using " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior " in combination with " Magnet Force " and predicting Yami's moves, Yugi is able to redirect Slifer's blasts back at the Gods, lowering their  ATK  and eventually destroying them.
 As the Duel continued, Yami's will was so strong and powerful he had actually influenced fate itself to draw exactly the card he needed at the right time. After a few turns, Yami Summons " Dark Magician ", who  Mahad  takes on the form of to defend the Pharaoh. Despite Yami's best efforts, Yugi destroys his most faithful cards that Yami Summons.
 Yami tries to end the Duel, by reviving " Slifer the Sky Dragon " with " Monster Reborn ", but Yugi predicted the move earlier and revealed the card he hid within " Gold Sarcophagus " was also "Monster Reborn", negating its effect.
 
         Yami parts with his friends and enters the spirit world to rejoin his friends.     
 Yami ends his turn, ready to admit defeat. Yugi hesitates to make his last attack, as he does not want Yami to leave. Yugi weeps and orders " Silent Magician " to attack Yami, winning the Duel.
 Yugi falls to his knees, crying, thinking that he is weak and cannot follow in Yami's footsteps. Yami tells Yugi that he is not a coward and reminds Yugi that he has taught him about the principles needed to win. Now that he is leaving, he says that there would be no one else for Yugi to follow and that there would only be one Yugi.
 The Eye of Wdjat glows on the wall. Yami tells it his true name, Atem, in order to open the gate to the afterlife. His friends try to talk him out of leaving at first, but come to accept that he must go. Yami then says his farewells and enters the afterlife to join his ancient Egyptian friends, where he can finally rest in peace.
 
 
 Future Meetings 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
         Yami Yugi against  Jaden Yuki  in final turn.     
In the series finale of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, Yugi transports  Jaden Yuki  to the past to Duel Yugi shortly after winning a  second version  of Battle City. [6]           Yami Yugi appearance in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX     After Jaden gains an upper hand and is about to strike the finishing blow, as well as seeing Jaden to be an incredibly powerful Duelist, Yami takes over Yugi's body and Summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". Yami tells Jaden that only a god is suitable for being the opponent of a great Duelist like him. When Jaden gets excited about fighting a God, Yami tells him that the true Duel begins. At the end, Yami, Yugi, and Jaden are seen smiling. [7] 
 Altered timelines 
 Bonds Beyond Time 
 Set before events of the Waking the Dragons arc and his duel with Jaden, Yugi is met with an adversary named  Paradox  who comes from a dystopian future that has come back in time to erase  Duel Monsters  by killing Pegasus. Yugi is then assisted by Jaden and Yusei to prevent him from succeeding, they all prepare to duel as Yugi switches to Yami Yugi. [8] 
 When Yami's turn came, he used Yusei's "Reincarnation of Hope" effect to add " Dark Magician " to his hand and then played the spell "Ancient Rules" to summon his magician in Attack Mode but loses it ATK points while under the effect of Malefic Paradox Dragon. Yusei begrudgingly requested Yami Yugi to destroy his stolen " Stardust Dragon " if that's what it'll take to win. Yami plays " Bond Between Teacher and Student " which allowed him to summon " Dark Magician Girl " in Defense, now with his two Spellcasters he then activates "Magic Gate of Miracles" that will take control of "Stardust Dragon" from Paradox onto their field back in Yusei's possession. Now with his monsters back at full strength, Yugi activates " Dark Magic Twin Burst " to add the ATK of "Dark Magician Girl" onto "Dark Magician" and destroys "Malefic Paradox Dragon", however this then allowed Paradox to summon " Malefic Truth Dragon ". [8] 
 The trio played every move they could to narrowly avoid defeat as Paradox completely empties out all of their Monster Zones. Paradox then played the Spell "Malefic Divide" to temporary resurrect "Malefic Stardust Dragon" which he uses to wipe out the rest of their Life Points, However they were able to survive when Jaden activated his face-down "The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh" that allowed Yugi to add his Kuriboh to his hand and activate its effect to reduce their damage to nothing. As Paradox's turn ends, his "Malefic Stardust Dragon" returns to the Graveyard while Yusei's Stardust is brought back to the field as per its effect. With Yusei's turn now starting, Yugi gives him some encouragement that they are behind him all the way. Yusei activates his face-down "Stardust Mirage" to bring back all the monsters that were destroyed on the previous turn. Both Jaden and Yugi then played their face-down Traps " Neos Spiral Force " and " Dark Spiral Force " respectively to increase the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" up to 10,000, with their ace monsters powering up Yusei's, the trio make their final move and defeated Paradox. [8] 
 The three heroes are then seen watching over as Pegasus' tournament goes on without the interruption of Paradox. With everything returned to normal, as Yami, Yugi said goodbye to Jaden and Yusei before they returned to their own times and hoped to meet them again. [8]  It's likely that both most of Yami's and Yugi's memories of the films events were erased due to the altered timeline that they was taken from being undone upon Paradox's defeat.
 
 Relationships 
 Yugi Muto 
         Yami Yugi with Yugi Muto.     
 Yami shares a deep and close relationship with Yugi. Yami tries his best to protect Yugi whenever they encounter a dangerous threat; taking over Yugi's body to battle his foes. Even when Yugi did not know of his existence at the beginning of the series, Yami strove to rescue Yugi's grandfather from Pegasus whom he also deems as his grandfather, and would save Yugi's friends should they were in danger. After Yugi became aware of Yami's existence, the two began working together in either protecting the world from evil, or finding Yami's lost memories, all which further developed Yami's connection with Yugi more brotherly. He has even said he cherishes Yugi more than his own life. [9] 
 
         Yami ignoring Yugi's pleas to not use the  Seal of Orichalcos .     
 Amongst his complete obedience to Yugi, Yami would sometimes risk his link with him over the duels that he is on verge of loss. As while Yami strongly refuses to put Yugi's life at risk and always believes in his decisions, Yami's pride and refusal of losing would sometimes ricochet him from listening to Yugi, as seen in his duel against Kaiba for the second time in "Duelist Kingdom" arc, and against Rafael in "Waking the Dragons" arc, where he would go to any scale to avoid losing the duel. In the latter duel, however, Yami showed a great grief for losing Yugi because of his arrogance, and was vastly influenced by the loss of his partner to the point of losing faith in himself. When Weevil Underwood joked that he ripped the card containing Yugi's soul in his duel against Yami, Yami became very angry about that, and used his " Berserker Soul " magic card to launch continuous attacks at him until he draws a magic or trap card. Although Yami won the duel, he continued to attack Weevil mercilessly until Téa stopped him.
 
         Yami witnessing Yugi fading away.     
 When Yami encountered Yugi in the  Stone Wilderness , he explained to Yugi how sorry he was for his actions that lead to seal him. But Yugi, who was trying to pull Yami together, told him that he (Yami) only cares about himself so he does not care what happens to him as long as he has the power, and forced him into a duel. Although Yami refused to attack Yugi at first, fearing that losing the duel would mean that he would never be able to rescue Yugi and stop  Doma , he reluctantly countered Yugi's final attack in order to win. The outcome of the fight against Yugi affected Yami very emotionally to the point of fainting, but he promised him that he would save him no matter what it takes. 
 To the end of the series, Yami and Yugi continued to support each other with all the strength they got, sharing their both sad and happy moments together. When Yugi won the Ceremonial Duel against Yami, Yugi proclaimed that he was still not ready and strong to leave Yami. Yami, however, said otherwise, and remarked that while he is leaving Yugi for good, the gift of kindness Yugi has given him, and the gift of courage he has given to Yugi will bind them together.
 
 Téa Gardner 
 Téa is one of Yami's close friends. She developed feelings for him after he saved her from a thug. When Yami was unsure of learning about his past or not, Téa gave her council and told him to follow his own heart. After learning he was the spirit of an Egyptian pharaoh, Yami trusted her not to tell Yugi about it until he felt his partner could understand. Like all his friends, Yami tries to keep Téa out of danger and is grateful for her support. 
 While he cares deeply for Téa, it is unclear if Yami returns her romantic feelings. He has teased and encouraged Yugi to ask her out, knowing how he feels about her. 
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Like Yugi, Joey is Yami's best friend. He encourages Joey in his duels and reminds him what it means to be a true Duelist. When Yami was about to defeat Joey in Duelist Kingdom, he told the latter it was one of the hardest things he had ever done, even tearing up. 
 At Battle City, the two agreed to face each other in the finals, while Yami held on to Joey's "Red-Eyes" until he earned it back. When Yami found out Marik was targeting Joey, he became frantic to find his friend, and struggled greatly when he was forced to duel him when Marik took control of Joey with the Millennium Rod. Joey dueled Yami, but later on, Yugi gained control. Serenity took her bandages off at the perfect time; Joey and Yugi were being dragged into the sea. She grabbed the key to Joey's ankle, once Yugi was saved. (See  Serenity Wheeler )
 Joey encouraged Yami of their promise to duel in the finals, allowing him to challenge Yami Marik when he wanted to save Mai. Despite the danger, Yami chose to believe in his friend and supported him. However, after Joey fell unconscious, Yami was left guilt ridden, thinking he endangered the life of his friend over finding his memories. When the Millennium Necklace showed him a vision the two of them dueling, Yami regained his confidence to keep fighting.
 Joey was the one who gave Yami his final encouragement to pass the gate into the Afterlife, assuring him no matter what they'll always befriends and everything Yami gave them will remain in their hearts. 
 
 Tristan Taylor 
 While Yami doesn't interact with Tristan as much as the others, he is none the less a dear friend to him. Yami counts on his support and trust when he duels. When the Big Five took over Tristan's body in the Virtual World arc, Yami was determined to help his friend. He also apologized in advance for making a direct attack on his body. 
 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Serenity Wheeler is the younger sister of  Joey Wheeler  (Katsuya Jonouchi in the Manga). While Yami doesn't talk to her as much as Joey, he still thinks of her as a friend. Their friendship develops into best friends later on, and he becomes grateful for Serenity by saving Joey from drowning. (Look at Joey Wheeler for information on Mind-Slave Joey and Yami/Yugi's duel.)
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba is the reincarnation of  Priest Seto  and Yami's rival. They both fight against each other in duelling skills and will trust each other when the situation calls for it. 
 
 Powers and Skills 
 Yami Yugi's most noted skill is his talent at playing duel monsters. While normally a skilled player of the game would be of little import the rites the game mirrors often leads to real life or death consequences based on victory or lose of a match. In addition to his natural skill Yami Yugi can use his connection to the Millennium Puzzle and the magic that it possesses to transform mere games into the ancient rites they originally were, a Shadow Duel. Shadow Duels can be used to cause cards to come to life, areas to become pocket dimensions and souls and bodies of players to be gambled with the game. Yami Yugi seems not to be bound by the physical restrain on Yugi's body this allows him to run, walk and swim endlessly at top speed without feeling the effects of fatigue. He shares this ability to function in spite of his body's condition with Yami-Bakura who can stand on broken legs, go without food, drink or sleep and function with concussions, it is likely that if such situations arose Yami Yugi would be equally mobile in spite of bodily harm. Still Yami Yugi's most formidable skill is not his know-how or magic powers but rather his personality and drive. Yami Yugi believes in winning at all costs even to the point of risking or outright throwing away people's lives for the sake of the game when his powers are in use. Over time Yami Yugi's drive is tempered by Yugi's conscience however when such conscientious decisions lead to lose Yami Yugi is always partially bitter about it and deeply resents losing.
 Yami Yugi is capable of hypnotism with the puzzle's magic; seen in Season 0's portion of the manga. Making his targets believe what he wishes or make them do what he wishes. As a result many of his Penalty Games involve illusions that typically drive the victim insane; such as seeing something as what they want, or even hearing something inaudible.
 He is very agile, able to jump very high and land correctly. Also infinite stamina. Yami is a competent rider thanks to his education where he was able to learn horse riding, never lost his hand. As in episode  155 , where Yami gallops on horseback to join Raphaël after having found the place, he descends the slope jumping with great skill, without falling off his horse.
 
 Ultimate Deck (list of every card ever used) 
 Monster Cards
 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Sage 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Black Luster Soldier 
 Red Eyes Black Dragon  [temporary] 
 Dark Paladin 
 Summoned Skull 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Kuriboh 
 Sorcerer of Dark Magic 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 King's Knight 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 1 
 Beaver Warrior 
 Mystical Elf 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Feral Imp 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 Gemini Elf 
 Buster Blader 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Berfomet 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast 
 Silver Fang 
 Zombyra the Dark 
 Torike 
 Archfiend of Gilfer 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Griffore 
 Horn Imp 
 Mammoth Graveyard 
 Koumori Dragon 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Sangan 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Zombie Warrior 
 Watapon 
 The Tricky 
 Mirage Knight 
 Seiyaryu 
 Electromagnetic Turtle 
 Des Volstgalph 
 Kuribee 
 Kuriboo 
 Kuribah 
 Kuribeh 
 Kuribabylon 
 Kuribandit 
 Old Vindictive Magician 
 Royal Straight Slasher 
 4-Starred Ladybug of Doom 
 Giant Rat  [temporary]
 Spell Cards 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Monster Reborn 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Mystic Box 
 Brain Control 
 Monster Recovery 
 Spell Shattering Arrow 
 Horn of the Unicorn 
 Mystical Moon 
 Multiply 
 Detonate 
 Makiu, the Magical Mist 
 Polymerization 
 Dark Magic Curtain 
 Thousand Knives 
 Double Spell 
 Ectoplasmer 
 Soul Taker 
 Pot of Greed 
 Card Destruction 
 Exchange 
 De-Fusion 
 Dark Magic Attack 
 Creature Swap 
 Change of Heart 
 Dark Hole 
 Graceful Charity 
 Premature Burial 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Silent Doom 
 Magical Dimension 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Reinforcements 
 De-Spell 
 Fissure 
 Magic Formula 
 Black Magic Ritual 
 Black Luster Ritual 
 Emblem of Dragon Destroyer 
 Soul Release 
 Exile of the Wicked 
 Heavy Storm 
 Burning Land 
 Magicians Unite 
 Card of Sanctity 
 Living Arrow 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Marshmallon Glasses 
 Necromancy 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Breath of Light 
 Quick Attack 
 The Shallow Grave 
 Five Star Twilight 
 Magnet Reverse 
 Time Travel 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Brave Attack 
 Rainbow Blessing 
 Bounce Spell 
 Turn Jump 
 Rebellion 
 Magical Pigeon 
 Ragnarok 
 Mirage Spell 
 Magical Academy 
 Royal Straight 
 Berserker Soul 
 Altar of Restoration 
 Legend of Heart 
 Awakening from Beyond 
 Aria from Beyond 
 Tricky Spell 4 
 Spider Web 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Excalibur 
 Spell Textbook 
 Hand Control 
 Underworld Circle 
 Dark Spear 
 Pump Up 
 Trap Cards 
 Obliterate!!! 
 Mirror Force 
 Magical Hats 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Dust Tornado 
 Spellbinding Circle 
 Shift 
 Lightforce Sword 
 Soul Rope 
 Ultimate Offering 
 Waboku 
 Reverse Trap 
 Trap Hole 
 Dragon Capture Jar 
 Chain Destruction 
 Dark Renewal 
 Skull Invitation 
 Nutrient Z 
 Magician's Circle 
 Collected Power 
 The Regulation of Tribe 
 Time Seal 
 Light of Intervention 
 Rope of Life 
 Mystical Refpanel 
 Zero Gravity 
 Horn of Heaven 
 Meteorain 
 Life Shaver 
 Black Illusion 
 Relay Soul 
 Magnet Force 
 Magician's Selection 
 Ground Erosion 
 Natural Selection 
 Disgraceful Charity 
 Ambush Shield 
 Reduction Barrier 
 Summoning Clock 
 Mirage Ruler 
 Guardian Force 
 Soul Shield 
 Dark Magic Retribution 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 Main article:  Yami Yugi 
 Other appearances 
 Dark Yugi (manga) Dark Yugi (Toei) Yugi ( BAM ) Yami Yugi ( Duel Arena ) Yami Yugi ( Duel Links ) Yami Yugi ( Duel Terminal ) Prince ( Forbidden Memories ) Yami Yugi ( Millennium Duels ) Yami Yugi ( Nightmare Troubadour ) Yami Yugi ( Duel Monsters  and World Championship ) 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Yami Yugi's Decks 
 Yami Yugi usually Duels using  Yugi Muto's Decks . On occasions he has had his own Deck, including the  Ceremonial Battle . Here his Deck revolved around Summoning the  Egyptian Gods  and also contained a number of " Dark Magician " support cards.
 When the game shifts to Yami in  Yu-Gi-Oh! R , he uses his " Dark Magician " and other  Spellcaster  and  Warrior - Type  monsters.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guide: Millennium Book 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist - Duel 141 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 46: " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 47: " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 49: " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 179: " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 180: " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   8.2   8.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 160 "On the Wrong Track - Part 1 
 
 
 v e 
 Yami Yugi  (Dark Yugi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  characters Main 
 Paradox 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) 
 Pharaoh 
 Yubel 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua, Rua) 
 Luna (Luca, Ruka) 
 JumBANG! 
 Akina Minami 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 Yoshiyuki Hirai 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Yamiyugiddm.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160612073736', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Img_show.aspx.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130617210334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Yami_Yugi_S01.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20160727113001', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep1%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171012143138', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/Yugioh007.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140106164317', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep13%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171012145312', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Yami_Yugi%2824%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171012143400', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/Yugioh033.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140106194205', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep41%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171012143702', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/YugiandYamiYugi6.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120219221912', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/Yami_and_T%C3%A9a_date.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121207041224', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/YamiYugiFull.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101114194635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Yamiosiris.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110902164721', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/YamiYugi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20100212144412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/YamiYugiVirtualWorld.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120217132826', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Yugioh122.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20070815050958', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep145%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20171013165558', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yamiyugiwakingthedragons.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121216214933', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/158_yami_yugi_orichalchos_shocked.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121118201623', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/YamiYugiOrichalcos.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101024185602', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep163%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20171019155612', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep164%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20171019155836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep168%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20171019160528', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep174%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20171019160644', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/YamiYugiWTD.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101227184221', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Yami_Yugi_%28Ep183%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20171019161241', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/YamiFacingHisDarkness.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120116063153', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Yamiandleon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101227143643', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/Yamiandyugifinal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101227145220', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d8/Yugioh224.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20071017222724', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Yami_and_jaden.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130924234959', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Yami_in_gx.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20130924235150', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Yami%26YugiEpi168.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170406171330', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Yami%26YugiEpi157.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170406171543', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Yami%26YugiEpi163.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170406171732', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Dark_Yugi_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20100417162917', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Darkyugianime.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20131228023916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/BAM-Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/169?cb=20130113083554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/YamiYugi-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150131225312', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/YamiYugi-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/132?cb=20180331132457', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/YamiYugiDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930142625', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/ThePrince.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/117?cb=20070821200628', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/YamiYugiMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/167?cb=20190602124558', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Yami_Yugi-NTR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140719230525', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Yami_Yugi-WC08.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130712003824', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Articles needing cleanup, Yami Yugi pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters