Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gong_Strong_(Duel_Links)


 
 Gong Strong 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Gong Strong 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 Gong Strong  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Gong Strong , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 5 of Duel World (ARC-V) and can be unlocked as a playable character starting at Stage 6 of Duel World (ARC-V)
 White  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Gong Strong at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Level 10 
 4.3   Level 20 
 4.4   Level 30 
 4.5   Level 40 
 4.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Card-specific 
 
 8.1.1   Monsters 
 
 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Monsters 
 
 
 
 
 Description 
 Passed down through many generations, Gong has inherited his family's traditional style of Dueling - the Heavystrong Style. While his opponents may run around the field during an Action Duel, Gong won't take a single step. Gong has a friendly rivalry with Yuya, who he's known since they were little kids. With his Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei, Gong will do anything it takes to win - except move!
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Win 1 Duels against Gong Strong while playing as Yuya Sakaki.
 
 30 R Jewel
 
 
 Perform 2 Fusion Summon(s) in one Duel against Gong Strong using Yuya Sakaki.
 
 8000 Gold
 
 
 Perform 3 Synchro Summon(s) in Duel World (ARC-V)
 
 8000 Gold
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 White Gate Keys
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Gong Strong Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Yamatano Dragon Scroll  x3 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Swordsman from a Distant Land  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Heavystrong Style (incomplete) Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick"  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer  x3 
 Swordsman from a Distant Land  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Fist 
 Level 20 
 
 Stand Strong To Win (incomplete) Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Karakuri Merchant mdl 177 "Inashichi" 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Fist 
 Level 30 
 
 No Mercy (incomplete) Monsters  (20) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Karakuri Komachi mdl 224 "Ninishi" 
 Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" 
 Karakuri Soldier mdl 236 "Nisamu" 
 Superheavy Samurai Flutist 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Karakuri Barrel mdl 96 "Shinkuro" 
 Superheavy Samurai Drum 
 Superheavy Samurai Fist 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter 
 Level 40 
 
 Baddest Samurai (incomplete) Monsters  (20) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Karakuri Muso mdl 818 "Haipa" 
 Karakuri Ninja mdl 919 "Kuick" 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker 
 Superheavy Samurai Wagon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 This Is A Serious Tag! Monsters  (20) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Karakuri Merchant mdl 177 "Inashichi" 
 Karakuri Soldier mdl 236 "Nisamu" 
 Mataza the Zapper 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji 
 Superheavy Samurai Flutist 
 Superheavy Samurai Magnet 
 Superheavy Samurai Scales 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer 
 Superheavy Samurai Transporter 
 Superheavy Samurai Wagon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Karakuri Komachi mdl 224 "Ninishi" 
 Karakuri Strategist mdl 248 "Nishipachi" 
 Superheavy Samurai Drum 
 Superheavy Samurai Fist 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi 
 Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi 
 Superheavy Samurai Swordmaster Musashi 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Gong Strong reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Magnet "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Gong Strong)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Amano-Iwato "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Gong Strong)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Dracoon Lamp "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Defense Burst ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Magnet "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Amano-Iwato "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Dracoon Lamp "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Heavystrong Strategy (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Magnet "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Amano-Iwato "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Gong Strong)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Dracoon Lamp "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Battleball "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Gong Strong, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Total Defense Shogun "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Kunoichi "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Superheavy Samurai Swordsman "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Darkfire Soldier 2 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Getsu Fuhma "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Maharaghi "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Kagemusha of the Blue Flame "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Swordsman from a Distant Land "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Heavystrong Style
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei" to your Deck. Can be used once per Duel if you control 2 or more monsters in Defense Position and their total amount of DEF is 3500 or above. Add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei" from your Graveyard to your hand. Then, if you do not control a monster whose original DEF is 3500 or more, return 1 card in your hand to your Deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Defense Burst
 
 Can only be used up until your 3rd turn, and only once. Select 1 monster you control. It gains 500 DEF until the end of your opponent's turn. At the start of your next turn, this monster's DEF will become 0.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Heavystrong Strategy
 
 Can be used once per turn if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard. Change all EARTH Machine-Type monsters you control to face-up Defense Position. Then, the DEF of monsters you control is increased by 200 for each monster in face-up Defense Position you control. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Benkei the Guardian
 
 Select 1 "Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei" you control that is equipped with a "Superheavy Samurai Soul" card. This monster will not be destroyed in battle during your opponent's next turn and your opponent cannot select a monster other than this monster as an attack target. You cannot declare an attack on the turn you use this Skill. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that does not contain Spell/Trap Cards. This Skill can be used only once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gong Won't Move!
 
 Can be used once per turn if you control a monster in Defense Position. Increase the DEF of all monsters you control by 500 until the end of your opponent's next turn. You cannot declare an attack on the turn you use this Skill. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that does not contain Spell/Trap Cards. This Skill can be used only twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Style Evolution
 
 Select 1 Level 4 or lower "Superheavy Samurai" monster in face-up Defense Position you control. It becomes a Tuner Monster. If you do not Synchro Summon a monster during the turn you use this Skill, all monsters in Defense Position you control will be sent to your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that does not contain Spell/Trap Cards. This Skill can be used only once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Swing Into Action: Pendulum Summon!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add a Pendulum Zone to your field. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 12 or more Pendulum Monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monster's Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random EARTH monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", he says" Gong's bringing out the biggest, baddest samurai of 'em all! " Then, a cut-in frame of Gong briefly appears, and he announces either "Level 8 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei!" or "Big Benkei's the foundation of Gong's Heavystrong Style!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "When Big Benkei is summoned, it can change its position!" or "Big Benkei uses it's effect to change it's battle position!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go! Attack, Big Benkei!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi ", he says" Time for some heavyliftin' to break down the boulders! Synchro Summon! " Then, a cut-in frame of Gong briefly appears, an he announces "Level 9 Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi!"
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em, Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja ", he says  "Time to make the superheaviest samurai of 'em all!"  Then, a cut-in frame of Gong briefly appears, and he announces "Level 7 Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja's effect activates! It can attack you directly this turn!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Since an effect destroyed Stealth Ninja, Gong can do this!" followed by "Gong can Special Summon it from the Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja! Attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji ", he says " This monster's here to settle the score! " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Then, a cut-in frame of Gong briefly appears, and he announces "Level 6 Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Shutendoji's effect activates when its Synchro Summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji! Take them down!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Swordmaster Musashi ", he announces "To the front lines, Superheavy Samurai Swordmaster Musashi!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Musashi can activate its effect when Synchro Summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Most of the time, when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Swordmaster Musashi! Attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ", he announces " This monster's gonna bring ya' some big-league pain! Gong Synchro Summons! " "Level 10 Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Gong activates Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo's effect! Guess what? Susanowo can use your Spell or Trap card!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Susanowo! Swinging Sword Slash!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King ", he says " Make way for the pain train! Synchro Summon!! " announces "Level 12 Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong can discard cards to play Steam Train King's effect!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King, run 'em over!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji!"
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Big Waraji!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Fist " he announces "The Tuner monster, Superheavy Samurai Fist!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Fist's effect activates!" followed by "Gong can use this card to Synchro Summon!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Fist's effect activates from the Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superheavy Samurai Fist! Pummel 'em!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Flutist ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Flutist!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong Tributes Flutist to activate its effect!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong banishes Flutist from the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flutist! Attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gigagloves's effect activates from Gong's Graveyard!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong banishes Gigagloves from the Grave to use its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Gigagloves!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Kabuto ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Kabuto!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Kabuto activates its effect! You made a mistake by Special Summoning!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kabuto attacks!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Magnet " he announces "Superheavy Samurai Magnet!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "When Magnet is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gong's Magnet attacks!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Prepped Defense " he announces "Superheavy Samurai Prepped Defense!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Prepped Defense's effect activates from Gong's hand! Gong Special Summons this card!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Prepped Defense! Attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon's effect activates!" followed by "It equips on a Superheavy Samurai to increase its DEF!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong can't let you do that! Soulbang Cannon's effect negates and destroys your card!" followed by "It also destroys all monsters in play and deals us damage!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulbang Cannon, fire!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads's effect activates!" followed by "It shields Gong's monster from being destroyed by an effect!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong activates Soulbeads's effect from Gong's hand!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Soulbeads!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong activates Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw's effect!" followed by "The equipped monster can no longer be destroyed in battle!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "The equipped Soulclaw's gonna Special Summon itself!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulclaw, attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns activates its effect!" followed by "It equips on a Superheavy Samurai to let it attack twice!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Soulhorns activates its effect to Special Summon itself!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Soulhorns!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker's effect activates!" followed by "You're now only allowed to attack the equipped monster!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "The equipped Soulpeacemaker's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulpeacemaker, attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong equips Soulpiercer on a Superheavy Samurai!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Soulpiercer went to the Graveyard, so its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulpiercer attacks!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall's effect activates!" followed by "It equips on a Superheavy Samurai to pump up its DEF!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong unequips Soulshield Wall to use its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Soulshield Wall!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Swordsman " he announces "Superheavy Samurai Swordsman!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "When Swordsman is summoned, it can change its position!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Swordsman's effect now activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Swordsman! Attack!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter " he announces "The Tuner monster, Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "By using Trumpeter to Tribute Summon, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Trumpeter, blow 'em down!" 
 When Gong summons " Superheavy Samurai Drum " he announces "Gong's Tuner monster, Superheavy Samurai Drum!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "When Gong's Drum is destroyed, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superheavy Samurai Drum, attack!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Battleball ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Superheavy Samurai Battleball!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Gong activates Superheavy Samurai Battleball's effect!" followed by "Gong can use Battleball and your monster to Synchro Summon!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Battleball!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Wagon ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Wagon!
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "When Wagon is summoned, Gong can change its battle position!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Wagon's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gong's Wagon attacks!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Scales ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Scales!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "When Scale is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Superheavy Samurai Scales!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai General Coral ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai General Coral!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai General Coral's effect activates! 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai General Coral uses its Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Superheavy Samurai General Coral!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai General Jade ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai General Jade!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai General Jade's effect activates!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai General Jade's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Superheavy Samurai General Jade!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong sends Blowtorch to the Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch activates its effect" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Burn 'em, Blowtorch!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Blue Brawler can change battle positions when it's summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Blue Brawler!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Helper ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Helper!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Gong plays Superheavy Samurai Helper's effect from his hand!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong activates his Helper's effect from his Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Helper is gonna try and help Gong by attacking!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi ", he announces " Gong's got the perfect Samurai to break your chaings! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, he says "Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gong's Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi attacks!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor's effect activates!" followed by "A Superheavy Samurai loses DEF, but it's safe in battle!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Soulbreaker Armor activates its effect from the Graveyard!" followed by "Its true power comes from laying low in the Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulbreaker Armor attacks!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet's effect activates!" followed by "It equips on a Superheavy Samurai and raises its DEF!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong sends Soubuster Gauntlet to the Graveyard to do THIS!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Soulbuster Gauntlet!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit!"
 When Gong activates the first effect of that monster, he says "Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit's effect activates!" followed by "The equipped Superheavy Samurai's Level becomes 5!" 
 When Gong activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Gong discards Soulfire Suit to activate its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Soulfire Suit attacks!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Thief ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Thief!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Gong tributes Superheavy Samurai Thief to use its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Thief, attack!!" 
 When Gong Summons " Superheavy Samurai Transporter ", he announces "Superheavy Samurai Transporter!"
 When Gong activates the effect of that monster, he says "Gong tributes Transporter to activate its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Gong declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Transporter! Attack!" 
 v e 
Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) pages 
 Anime 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/GongStrong-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20210930003304', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/Profile-DULI-GongStrong.png/revision/latest?cb=20220207024716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Icon-DULI-GongStrong.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514003328', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Icon-DULI-GongStrong2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514003341', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/CutIn-DULI-GongStrong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514003353', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Summoning-DULI-GongStrong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211001032025', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Defeat-DULI-GongStrong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211001032051', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Gong Strong pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters