Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Caswell

For other versions of this character, see  Caswell Francis (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Caswell Francis 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Takashi Todoroki 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Caswell Francis 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Class representative [1] [2] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 等々力孝 
 
 
 French name  
 Caswell Francis [3] 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 13 [4] 
 
 
 Height 
 161 cm [5] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mrs. Francis  (mother) 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Student Council Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Did not place       Friendship Games   Did not place (with  Flip Turner )   
 
 
 Team 
 Nerd Herd (English) [6] Todonotsumari Uraurana Team (とどのつまりウラウラなチーム  Todonotsumari Uraurana Chīmu )  [6] 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Crashbug Debugger 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 5: " Plot and Counterplot?! " Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 1: " Starting Duel Team ZEXAL!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jason Griffith 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Taishi Murata 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Stefano Pozzi 
 
 
 
 
 In the end...
 — Caswell's catchphrase in the English Dub 
 
 Caswell Francis [2] , known as   Takashi Todoroki  (等々力 孝  Todoroki Takashi ) in the manga and Japanese versions, is one of the main supporting characters and class chairman and a friend of  Yuma Tsukumo  appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . In the Japanese version, characters tend to refer to him simply as "class rep" or "class representative" rather than his given name. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Anime biography 
 
 2.1   World Duel Carnival 
 2.2   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 2.3   ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Caswell's lineart     
 Caswell is the only character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  who is seen wearing his school uniform at all times, to show his serious and punctual side. He has blue hair over black hair in a bowl-cut style, and his school uniform is the same as  Bronk 's and  Yuma 's, to signify that he is a first-year student. After his Duel with  Quattro , Caswell wore a orange arm brace to support his injured arm. During the  Heartland Academy  festival, he wore a " Gagaga Magcian " cosplay.
 
 Personality 
 A very intelligent person, Caswell believes that everything can be planned out and executed as planned, only to be corrected by  Mr. Kay  saying that not everything goes according to plan. He has a habit (in the original) of saying "to summarize" whenever he makes a final statement on a subject. In the dub, he says "In the end". 
 Initially, Caswell had pride in being the class rep as he was greatly saddened and disappointed when  Yuma  was made the class rep instead of him. As a result, he was willing to accept  Carlyle Chesterton 's offer of becoming the chief disciplinarian just so he can referred to by position name like he did when he was class rep. After a conversation with Yuma while the latter was Dueling Carlyle, Caswell accepts that it doesn't matter what someone is called, but how good someone is at a position.
 
 Anime biography 
 Caswell was the class chairman of  Yuma Tsukumo 's class. He was able to figure out why the school's computer system went down, saying that someone tampered with the city's main computer. He  Dueled  Yuma that day, as they could not access their online books in  Mr. Kay 's class. Caswell soundly defeated Yuma without taking a single point of damage, as Yuma could not access his  Extra Deck  since  Astral  was not present. 
 Caswell was accused by Yuma of spreading the  virus , but Caswell insisted he was being used by someone else and was unaware of what he was doing. He accompanied Yuma and  Tori , leading them to the true culprit, Mr. Kay. [1]  After Yuma defeated Mr. Kay, his motives were revealed to be benign, as he simply wanted everyone to enjoy his virtual " Crashbug ". [7] 
 He appears again when Yuma came to school one morning and asks to see his Deck, taking it without Yuma's reply. When asked what he was looking for he said for Yuma's " Numbers ". He claimed that even though he beat  Shark  and  Flip  it was due to the "Numbers" which made Yuma angry and want to challenge Shark again which he was present for. [8] 
 He along with  Bronk  came up with the idea of forming the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club  and found nothing on the school computers about them. [9] 
 During swim class, he and Yuma got into an argument and didn't agree with the latter wearing the  Emperor's Key , believing it to be dangerous. After Tori insisted Yuma hit his head even though he didn't, Caswell revealed the truth and that he was the one who hit his head.
 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Caswell attended the  World Duel Carnival  opening ceremonies with the rest of his friends and was surprised at  Yuma  not receiving a  Heart Piece . When the tournament began, he witnessed and was surprised at  Flip  and  Bronk  running off out of excitement in order to find Duels just before he witnessed  Striker Crossit  kicking a ball into Yuma's face and challenge him to a Duel. [10] 
 During Yuma's Duel with Striker, due to the effect of his " Stadium of Dreams "  Field Spell Card , Caswell along with  Cathy  were transformed into commentators for the Duel. During the Duel, they commented on the moves that each Duelist did, and were both overjoyed when Yuma won. [11] 
 
       Caswell Dueling  Quattro  with  Bronk .     
 During the  World Duel Carnival , he and Bronk were invited by  Quattro  to Duel in a certain area. During the Duel, Quattro let him and Bronk get the upper hand, but are then mercilessly defeated by " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ". Caswell was knocked unconscious and taken to a hospital, but later after Shark's Duel with  Trey , it is revealed by Tori that he is okay. [4] 
 After meeting Yuma again, he alongside the others try to find Yuma a weak opponent. Once they find Flip, they watch  Nelson Andrews 's Duel against  Nistro , and are amazed. [12]  He later appears with the rest of his friends to support Yuma in his Duel against Trey. [13]  After Trey activated " Final Prophecy ", he realized that what was happening was now real. [14] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 He and the others watch  Yuma  Dueling the  Triad of Terror . [15]  When the visual for watching the Duel field went out, Caswell finds it suspicious. [16]  After  Dr. Faker 's defeat, he alongside the rest of his friends watched the Duel between Yuma and  Kite Tenjo . [17] [18] 
 
 ZEXAL II 
 Caswell,  Bronk ,  Cathy  and  Flip  are Dueling at  school  when  Fender  interrupted their Duel. Fender beat the four of them off-screen. Caswell cheered for  Yuma  during his Duel with Fender. He was stunned at Fender's " CXyz ", " Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral " after he  Ranked Up  his  Xyz Monster , " Mechquipped Angineer " with " Rank-Up-Magic Barians' Force ". [19] 
 While at school, Caswell went up against Yuma for class representative and was beaten by Yuma 20-19, the one vote being that of  Ray Shadows . Crushed by Yuma being class representative, Caswell turned to the  Student Council President  and was appointed chief of the  Student Council 's disciplinarian, aggravating everyone around him. Caswell watched Yuma's Duel with the Student Council President and was forced to supervise the Duel with the school's rules, including sending Yuma's " Gagaga " monsters back to his hand. Caswell was shocked to learn that the Student Council President was brainwashed by the  Barian  power when the President Xyz Summoned " CXyz Xyz Simon the Great Moral Leader ". After being motivated by Yuma's words, Caswell took off his disciplinarian uniform and dived into the school swimming pool. Shortly after Yuma's Duel, Caswell was made member No. 1 in the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club . [2] 
 Later at school, Shark was asked by Bronk to Duel him, who trying to gain his blessings to date  Rio , but Shark declined since he was no match for him. He also added that Bronk wasn't even at Yuma's level, causing Bronk to jump to the conclusion that Rio was with Yuma. Flip and Caswell overheard this and spread a rumor around the school. Oblivious to the rumor, an angry Rio challenged Shark to a Duel. During the Duel, Shark was able to counter every strategy Rio played and voiced little faith in Rio's confidence as a Duelist. While Shark was proud that Rio was able to gain courage, he proclaimed that she still had a long way to go if she wanted to beat him and defeated Rio with his " Shark Caesar ". Afterwards, Shark learned the rumor from Rio and cleared up the misunderstanding, clarifying that he wasn't the one spreading the rumor. Caswell and Flip were then chased down by Rio. [20] 
 During Heartland Academy's Fun Fair, Caswell  cosplayed  as " Gagaga Magician " and helped the  Floral Design Club  trim flowers.  Lotus Hanazoe  admired his appearance, causing Caswell to blush. [21] 
 
       Caswell in Heartland Tower     
 Caswell was among the survivors of Heartland who did not pick up a " Fake Number " and get sacrificed to Barian World. [22] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Takashi Todoroki (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Takashi Todoroki (D Team) 
 Deck 
 Caswell plays a  " Crashbug "/" Debugger " Deck 
 
 
 Crashbug/Debugger Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Crashbug 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crashbug X 
 Crashbug Y 
 Debugger X  x2 [Notes 1] 
 Debugger Y 
 Debugger Z  x2 [Notes 1] 
 Puppet Plant [Notes 2] Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Antidote Nurse Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x3 [Notes 2] 
 Nobleman of Crossout [Notes 2] 
 Reload [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 Deck Devastation Virus  x2 [Notes 2] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 3 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 11 
 Not shown
 
 
 Quattro ,  Bronk Stone 
 33 
 Lose
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 74 
 No result
 
 
 Fender 
 74 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Reginald Kastle 
 81 
 Lose (with  Flip Turner ;  Skydiving Field )
 
 
 Tori Meadows  and  Cathy Katherine 
 81 
 Win (with  Flip Turner ;  Tennis Field )
 
 
 Rio Kastle  and  Bronk Stone 
 81 
 Lose (with  Flip Turner ;  Hyakun Isshu Field )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 77: " Rule Duel " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-Zexal/Personnages/Caswell-Francis . Retrieved April 17, 2013 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 33: " Foolish Fans " : Caswell's  WDC  Profile  Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep33" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png .   
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 10: " Shark Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 17: " It's in the Cards, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 27: " A Team Performance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 49: " Crestfallen " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 52: " Roller Coaster Rampage! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 56: " Cosmic Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Two copies can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 33  as  Quattro  uses the  effect  of " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ". 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   These cards can be seen when he rebuilds the Deck in  episode 26 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his hand in  episode 33  as Quattro uses the effect of "Giant Grinder". 
 
 
 v e 
Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Takashi_Todoroki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150420195318', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Caswell.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131020223232', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/IV_Bronk_Caswell_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120629130537', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Everyone_in_Heartland_Tower_basement.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140223134958']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Characters, Caswell Francis pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters