Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Henrietta_Akaba.png


 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 
 Japanese   
 赤 馬   日 美 香 赤馬 日美香 あかば ひみか Rōmaji: ( Akaba Himika ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 차미향 KRR: Cha Mihyang Translated:  Cha Mihyang 
 
 
 French   
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 
 German   
 Henrietta [1] 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Leo Akaba  (husband) [2] Declan Akaba  (son) [3] Riley Akaba  (adopted daughter) [4] [5] Ray Akaba  (stepdaughter) [6] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Chairwoman of  Leo Institute of Dueling [3] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling [3] 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Lianne Marie Dobbs 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 
 German  
 Claudia Gáldy 
 
 
 
 Henrietta Akaba , known as  Himika Akaba  ( 赤 馬   日 美 香   Akaba Himika ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is the wife of  Leo Akaba , the mother of  Declan  and the adoptive mother of  Riley .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Henrietta.     
 Henrietta is a fair-skinned woman with blue eyes and magenta hair curled into the shape of a heart. She wears a dark pink skirt and blouse with with a high collar lined in black, and padded shoulders, in addition to magenta high-heeled shoes with golden attachments that resemble snakes curling around her ankles. Henrietta wears gold long earrings and a golden necklace in a similar style with red lipstick and nail-polish.
 All of the members of the Akaba family have a slight card suit motif; Henrietta's is the heart, shown by her distinctive hairstyle and the first letter of her first name.
 
 Personality 
 Henrietta is largely a diligent and level-headed person, showing herself to be collected most of the time, and showing worry towards students of her Dueling school, but behind her calm exterior lies a fiercely dedicated and strict individual who cannot allow any loss of reputation or standards of the  Leo Institute of Dueling , of which she goes through extreme degrees to nourish and protect, thinking and acting accordingly as the successful businesswoman she is.
 Henrietta was hurt by Leo's abandonment, and she subsequently agreed to aid Declan in opposing his plans. Though she adopted  Riley Akaba , Henrietta seemed to have little love nor hatred for her adopted child, ruthlessly intending to use Riley as a weapon against her husband. However, after the battle against  Z-ARC , Henrietta felt guilty about Riley becoming an infant and became obsessed with "returning her smile".
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Henrietta angry at Leo's disappearance.     
 After  Leo  abandoned the  Standard Dimension  to search for  Ray  without telling anyone, Henrietta was left in charge of  Leo Corporation . She became increasingly infuriated over her husband's disappearance, inadvertently causing Declan to find Leo in order to confront him about her sudden change. Sometime after Declan's travel to the  Fusion Dimension , he and Henrietta began making plans to form an  organization  to combat  Duel Academy , while Declan became the CEO of Leo Corporation and Henrietta became the Chairwoman. [6] 
 Henrietta and Declan used  LID  to find potential candidates for the  Lancers . The school also began teaching  Fusion ,  Synchro , and  Xyz Summoning , which were previously foreign to the Standard Dimension, and began monopolizing those Summoning methods. As part of their plans, Henrietta started acquiring other Dueling Schools and merging them into LID to gather more powerful Duelists.
 At some point, Henrietta found  Riley  alone in a house in a war-ravaged city. She took her in and after having tests ran on her, concluded she would be a perfect Duel soldier for them as she had no "sense of self", meaning she would either be able to become a different person or be a mindless puppet following orders. Declan was visibly uncomfortable with the idea. [5] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Henrietta returned to  Paradise City  after successfully acquiring some Duel Schools abroad as part of her business strategy.  Claude  informed her about an attack on  Sylvio Sawatari  by  someone who resembled   Yuya Sakaki . She met with her son,  Declan , and the two discussed Yuya, the mysterious  Pendulum Summon , the studies done by the  Leo Institute of Dueling  on the mechanic, and the incident with Sylvio. Declan shared his worries with Henrietta that despite the unusual feat performed by Yuya, who only had a win ratio close to 50%, he was the son of  Yusho Sakaki , who he feared had allied with Duel Academy after he disappeared three years ago. The Akabas subsequently decided that they needed more information about Yuya. [3] 
 Henrietta visited Sylvio, who was pretending to be injured in order to enact revenge on Yuya and voiced her concern for her student. Henrietta reassured  Furio Sawatari  that he should refrain from calling the police, as his position of elected mayor might be tarnished. Intending to use the opportunity to acquire  You Show Duel School , she instead suggested a new course of action. [3] 
 Henrietta arrived at You Show Duel School and further inquired about the incident on Sylvio with  Skip Boyle  and the students at the school. Henrietta accused Yuya of the attack, and he denied any involvement, with everybody present declaring their trust for Yuya. Seeing this, Henrietta praised their friendship but claimed that she could not allow word of the incident out, due to the possible loss of reputation of LID. She challenged You Show to Duel three of her students. If the You Show Duel School won, the incident would be forgotten; otherwise, the LID would acquire the school. Skip revealed his knowledge of Henrietta's acquisition of several schools and asked if the incident was set up in order to have an excuse to Duel. Henrietta denied any involvement but also admitted that she wanted to acquire You Show in order to include Pendulum Summoning in their curriculum and become even more successful, while giving her more chances to investigate Yuya. Yuya spoke against Henrietta, declaring that Duels shouldn't be used as tools for fighting, nor did he want the school his father created and the concept of Dueltaining to be taken away by someone who just used money and power for their ends. This prompted You Show to stand against Henrietta.  [3] 
 Henrietta proposed a 3-vs-3 match, with the winner being the school that won two Duels. If LID won, Skip would surrender the school to them. She claimed that while her students were Youth level like Yuya, they were aces of different Summoning mechanics. She had Yuya Duel  Dipper O'rion , the  Xyz 's Youth Ace with a win percentage of over 90% and a championship favorite. [3] 
 Henrietta was surprised when Yuya won and she scolded Dipper for his loss, though she noted that the loss caused her to desire Pendulum Summoning even more. She continued to watch the other two LID vs. You Show Duels;  Julia Krystal  defeated  Zuzu Boyle , while  Gong Strong  tied with  Kit Blade ; Henrietta educated the You Show students on  Synchro Summoning  during the Duel. Skip argued that with the final score being a tie, LID technically didn't defeat You Show so they must leave. Henrietta protested that there had to be a decision, and she demanded a tiebreaker Duel between each side's winners, Yuya and Julia. Declan, who had been silently observing the Duels, intervened and offered to be Yuya's opponent. [7] 
 During the Duel Henrietta watched proudly as Declan used all  Extra Deck  Summoning methods, and he later surprised everyone, including her, by Pendulum Summoning. She concluded that they didn't need You Show anymore as they could create their own  Pendulum Monsters  and that they could just crush them. The Duel was cut short when Claude received news of Professor  Marco  being attacked, and he informed Henrietta, who called out to Declan. Declan immediately forfeited the Duel and left with his mother. [8]  Cards bearing the images of  Herc  and Marco were later delivered to the office, and Declan explained to his mother that Herc and Marco had been turned  into   cards . He noted that Sylvio hadn't been sealed into a card, suggesting that there was a second attacker. Before they could continue their discussion, Furio stormed into Declan's office and demanded to know why they weren't capturing Yuya for his crimes. Henrietta tried to play dumb about the card-sealing incidents, but Furio didn't buy it. Declan soon defused the tension and ordered Furio out of his office. [9] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Henrietta was present with Declan and  Riley  during the opening ceremony of the  Arc League Championship . [10]  On the first day of the Championship, Henrietta prepared to watch Riley Duel  Allie  in the Junior Division. When Riley seemed reluctant to Duel, she muttered a word (in the dub, she audibly told Riley not to disappoint her) which motivated Riley to Duel. Declan joined her to watch the Duel and Riley's subsequent victory. [4] 
 Declan learned from  Celina  that Duelists from the  Fusion Dimension  were going to invade Paradise City. Henrietta worked with Declan on their defense plan, and she congratulated him on his plan of using a city-wide  Battle Royal  to defeat the invaders. She encouraged the Senior Team of Duelists and told them that they were counting on them to defend the city. [11] 
 Henrietta and Riley later met with Allie,  Frederick ,  Tate , and Skip in the corridors of the stadium. Henrietta apologized for them being unable to leave the Center Court while the  ARC System  was being used in Paradise City, and she explained that they were attempting to avoid accidents, though her cryptic tone caused Skip to become suspicious. She also noted that Tate had reached the Youth finals, and told him that Riley, who was participating in the last Youth semi-final, would be his opponent. [12]  She later watched Riley's match against Tate, appearing before the match where Riley could see her. [13] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 After Declan's second Duel against Yuya, Henrietta broadcasted a worldwide announcement that the  Arc League Championship  would be canceled, as well as news regarding the different dimensions. [14] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  opened a dimensional rift, Henrietta wondered if it was from another dimension. [15]  She and  Claude  watched the  Lancers  Duel  Z-ARC . [16]  After the rift pulled  Paradise City  into the  Fusion Dimension , Henrietta was surprised to see  Leo  joining the Duel against Z-ARC and hear that he was Dueling on  Ray 's behalf. [17]  She was worried when  Declan  was almost defeated by Z-ARC and was surprised when she thought " Supreme King Z-ARC " had killed him. She was also surprised when  Riley  entered the Duel. [18] 
 Following Z-ARC's defeat, the  Standard Dimension  was reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , and its residents all gained the capability to  Pendulum Summon , which was seen as normal. Riley was reborn as a baby as a result of her use of the  Natural Energy Cards , and Declan later explained to his mother what had happened. Declan had  Moon Shadow  assist in helping everyone remember their past during a recreation of the  Arc League Championship , and Henrietta wondered if this would help bring back Riley's smile. Declan and  Yusho  told Henrietta that Yuya was the only one who could restore Riley's smile, but they noted that he would first have to overcome a big wall. Henrietta started to worry when Declan told Moon Shadow not to show mercy to Yuya in their  Battle Royal , and Yusho explained that if Yuya lost, it was his limits as a Duelist. To her shock, Declan eventually told her to give up on Riley's smile [19]  and she blamed herself for Riley's condition. When Yuya regained his memories of Zuzu, Henrietta learned from Declan that Riley had expelled Ray's soul in order to seal Z-ARC's soul within her body, resulting in his loss of her smile. Nevertheless, Henrietta still believed that Riley's smile would definitely return. [20]  As Yuya recalled the events, he wondered where Riley was, and Henrietta showed Riley to Yuya over a holoscreen as Declan explained what had happened to Riley and their plan to save her and defeat Z-ARC once and for all. [21] 
 Yuya set out to Duel the other Lancers in the other dimensions, and Henrietta watched Yuya and  Dennis ' Duel from the LID control room. [22]  Henrietta learned that Yuya refused to use the  Four Dimension Dragons  for to fear of hurting Riley, Zuzu,  Celina ,  Lulu , and  Rin , and that he had tried to make Riley smile without them, prompting her to worry over the implications. Henrietta started to worry when Riley began to react to Yuya  Xyz Summoning  " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", and to her surprise, Riley gained a dark aura after Yuya  Synchro Summoned  " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ". Yuya then  Fusion Summoned  " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon ", causing the aura to intensify around Riley, and Henrietta begged for it to stop. However, Yusho explained that Riley had to endure it, as the true fun was about to begin, though Henrietta was not reassured by his explanation. [23]  Henrietta was relieved when Riley's dark aura disappeared after the Duel, and she went to the stadium with Declan to tell him that nothing had changed besides Z-ARC's brief reawakening. She sat in a private booth with Riley to watch Yuya and Declan's Duel. As she watched the Duel, Henrietta noticed that Riley was crying. [24] 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   "[Arc-V  Declan’s Mother’s Dub Name"]. YGOrganization .  http://ygorganization.com/arc-v-declans-mothers-dub-name/ . Retrieved March 14, 2015 . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   3.5   3.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 67: " Riley's Reveal " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 18: " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Henrietta_Akaba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140601112716', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/FullHimikaAkaba.png/revision/latest?cb=20150406105516', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Henrietta_angry.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161021010718']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters