Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:EarthboundImmortals.jpg


 
 Earthbound Immortal 
 地縛神 「 じばくしん 」  ( Jibakushin ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Ccapac Apu ", " Ccarayhua ", " Uru ", " Cusillu ", and " Aslla Piscu " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Earthbound God 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Esprit de la Terre Immortel Translation:  Immortal Spirit of the Earth 
 
 
 German 
 Erdgebundener Unsterblicher Erdgott (later anime) 
 
 
 Italian 
 Immortale Terrestre Translation:  Earthly Immortal 
 
 
 Korean 
 지박신 地縛神   (Hanja)   Jibaksin   (romanized) Translation:  Earthbound God 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Imortal Terrestre Translation:  Earthly Immortal 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Inmortal Terrestre Translation:  Earthly Immortal 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Raging Battle Ancient Prophecy Stardust Overdrive 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Legendary Duelists: Immortal Destiny Legendary Duelists: Season 3 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack Volume 3 Duelist Edition Volume 3 Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 5 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Earthbound Immortal ", known as " Earthbound God " ( 地 縛 神   Jibakushin ) in Japan, is a sub- archetype  of the " Earthbound "  archetype  used by the  Dark Signers  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime, composed of seven  Level  10  DARK   monsters  with various  Types .
 "Earthbound Immortals" are based on the  Nazca Lines . Each of them are pictured rising from their corresponding Line and their form matches the being they represent, as well as their Type. The "Earthbound Immortals" also each have a color of the rainbow.
 They are among the largest monsters seen in the anime; dwarfing humans and being comparable to massive buildings in size.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Anime 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Recommended Cards 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Trivia 
 7   See Also 
 
 
 Anime 
 The Earthbound Immortals are the evil incarnations  that were sealed away in the underworld by the  Crimson Dragon  and its  servants  5000 years before the events of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . These malicious entities were released as a result of the  Zero Reverse  incident. They serve as the ace monsters of the  Dark Signers , possessing them to serve as gatekeepers of  Old Ener-D , which serves as the entrance of the underworld. When they are summoned, a giant heart appears in the sky and begins to absorb the souls of humans and pure darkness from the air until a burst of purple flames and the Immortal would rise from the flames.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Color 
 Earthbound Immortal 
 Unique effect 
 Dark Signer 
 Origin
 
 
 Red 
 Uru 
 Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target, until the End Phase. 
 Roman Goodwin 
 Spider 
 
 
 Orange 
 Aslla piscu 
 When this face-up card leaves the field, except by its own effect: Destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed. 
 Carly Carmine 
 Hummingbird 
 
 
 Yellow 
 Cusillu 
 If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can Tribute 1 other monster instead, and if you do, halve your opponent's LP. 
 Devack 
 Monkey 
 
 
 Green 
 Ccarayhua 
 If this card is destroyed by a card effect, except by its own effect: Destroy all cards on the field. 
 Misty Tredwell 
 Lizard 
 
 
 Blue 
 Ccapac Apu 
 If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Giant 
 
 
 Indigo 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half this card's DEF. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect. While this card is in Defense Position, your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase. 
 Greiger 
 Killer whale 
 
 
 Violet 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 If this card is Normal Summoned: Target up to 3 cards you control, except this card; shuffle those targets into your Deck, then discard as many random cards from your opponent's hand as possible, but not more than the number of returned cards, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK for each card discarded by this effect. 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Condor 
 
 Playing style 
 The "Earthbound Immortal" monsters are very powerful and have effects that range from inflicting Effect Damage to your opponent while locking their Battle Phase (" Chacu Challhua "), to taking control of an opposing monster, as in the case of " Uru ". Also, all of them can attack their opponent directly and cannot be targeted for attacks.
 As powerful as they are, they have some drawbacks: there cannot be more than 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field at the same time. They are also destroyed if there is no  Field Spell Card  active, much like cards in the " Malefic " archetype.
 Despite the restrictions, they can all be  Special Summoned  with no other conditions. So dumping the "Earthbound Immortals" in the GY then Special Summoning them back is another easy way to get them.
 
 Recommended Cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiracocha Rasca 
 Earthbound Linewalker 
 Earthbound Greater Linewalker 
 Baobaboon 
 Double Coston 
 Grinder Golem 
 Hardened Armed Dragon 
 Giant Germ 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Marshmallon 
 Nimble Momonga 
 Spirit Reaper Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Phantasm Emperor Trilojig 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon  (optional) 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon 
 Sun Dragon Inti 
 Moon Dragon Quilla 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Link Monsters 
 Baba Barber Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Black Garden 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor 
 Earthbound Geoglyph 
 Earthbound Immortal Revival 
 Earthbound Whirlwind 
 Field Barrier 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Fires of Doomsday 
 Foolish Burial 
 Kishido Spirit 
 Magic Reflector 
 Magical Citadel of Endymion 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor 
 March of the Monarchs 
 Mist Body 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Summon Breaker 
 Soul Exchange 
 Terraforming 
 The Monarchs Stormforth 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Divine Wrath 
 Earthbound Wave 
 Escalation of the Monarchs 
 Roar of the Earthbound Immortal 
 Magic Jammer 
 Metaverse 
 Offering to the Immortals 
 Royal Decree 
 Safe Zone 
 Skill Drain 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Solemn Scolding 
 Solemn Strike 
 Solemn Warning 
 The First Monarch 
 Trap Jammer 
 Trap Stun 
 Ultimate Providence 
 Weaknesses 
 Because they depend on Field Spell Cards being on the field, cards like " Ancient Fairy Dragon ", " Black Rose Dragon " and even " Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Twin Twisters ", etc. can cause "Earthbound Immortal" monsters to destroy themselves. However, in the anime, and some video games where  Turbo Duel  existed, this weakness is eliminated as Speed World cannot be destroyed at all, making them also completely immune to this weakness. As a result, if an Earthbound Immortal is summoned during a Turbo Duel, you either need 10 Speed Counters to destroy them, or prevent them from being summoned in the first place. Cards like " Field Barrier " or " Malefic Stardust Dragon " can be used to protect a Field Spell Card from being destroyed, but the latter means that the direct attacking effects can't be utilized. This is because Malefic cards are the only monsters that can attack while on the field. 
 Cards that cause the Field Spell Card to leave the field without destroying it (such as " Shaddoll Dragon " and " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer ") are still a threat even with "Field Barrier" or "Number 66: Master Key Beetle". This can cause additional problems if "Field Barrier" is in play, as it prevents a new Field Spell Card being played while it is active.
 
 Trivia 
 "Earthbound Immortal" is one of the few archetypes to have more cards that support the archetype (currently 11), than members of the archetype itself (currently 10). 
 Some fans of the show and players of the trading card game get confused on how to pronounce " Ccapac Apu " and " Ccarayhua 's" names due to the double C.
 The first C is pronounced "co". 
 See Also 
 Card Rulings:Earthbound Immortal 
 v e 
 Earth  cards 
 v e 
" Earth " 「地」 a   Members 
 Barrel Behind the Door Burning Land Call of the Earthbound Canyon Card of Ascension Chthonian Soldier Contaminated Earth Crawling Dragon Dark Contract with the Gate Demise of the Land Earth Chant Earthbound Beginnings Earthbound Fusion Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua Earthbound Immortal Cusillu Earthbound Immortal Uru Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca Earthbound Prison Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper Earthbound Prisoner Line Walker Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper Earthbound Release Earthbound Rescue Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken Earthbound Spell Sealer Earthbound Spirit Earthbound Tundra Earthbound Wave Earthbound Whirlwind Earthshaker Fissure Flaming Fist Frontline Base Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth Gaia Plate the Earth Giant Granmarg the Rock Monarch Ground Breaking Ground Erosion Hayate the Earth Star Heart of the Underdog Helpoemer Infernal Transaction Inferno Reckless Summon Jirai Gumo Jirai Gumo King of the Swamp Level Limit - Area B Localized Tornado Mefist the Infernal General Monster Tamer Narrow Tunnel Number 3: Cicada King Pandemonium Watchbear ... further results 
 Support 
 Fujin the Breakstorm Star Idaten the Conqueror Star Raijin the Breakbolt Star 
 
 v e 
" Earthbound " 「 地 縛 」 a   Members 
 Call of the Earthbound Earthbound Beginnings Earthbound Fusion Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua Earthbound Immortal Cusillu Earthbound Immortal Uru Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca Earthbound Prison Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper Earthbound Prisoner Line Walker Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper Earthbound Release Earthbound Rescue Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken Earthbound Spell Sealer Earthbound Tundra Earthbound Whirlwind Roar of the Earthbound 
 Support 
 Earthbound Rescue Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon 
 
   
" Earthbound Immortal " 「 地 縛 神 」 Members 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua Earthbound Immortal Cusillu Earthbound Immortal Uru Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Earthbound Immortal Revival Roar of the Earthbound Immortal Ultimate Earthbound Immortal 
 Support 
 Earthbound Greater Linewalker Earthbound Linewalker Hundred Eyes Dragon 
 Earthbound Geoglyph Earthbound Immortal Revival Earthbound Wave Earthbound Whirlwind Offering to the Immortals Revival of the Immortals Roar of the Earthbound Immortal Ultimate Earthbound Immortal 
 Anti-support 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua Earthbound Immortal Cusillu Earthbound Immortal Uru Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Ultimate Earthbound Immortal 
 Related 
 Red Nova Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Earthbound Immortal " 「 地 縛 神 」 a   Members 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua Earthbound Immortal Cusillu Earthbound Immortal Uru Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca Roar of the Earthbound 
 Support 
 Altar of the Bound Deity Brilliant Shrine Art Contaminated Earth Earthbound Release Earthbound Whirlwind Offering to the Immortals Roar of the Earthbound 
 Related 
 Ceremonial Token Offerings to the Bound Deity Red Nova Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Earthbound Servant " 「 地 縛 戒 隷 」 a   Members 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina Earthbound Servant Geo Gryphon Earthbound Servant Geo Kraken 
 Support 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/EarthboundImmortals.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121110002057']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters