Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Rafael4.png

For other versions of this character, see  Rafael (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Rafael 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Rafael 
 
 
 Other names  
 Raphael 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ラフェール 
 
 
 Arabic name  
 رافايل 
 
 
 Greek name  
 ραφαήλ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents (deceased in Japanese version only) Julian  (younger brother; deceased in Japanese version only) Sonia  (younger sister; deceased in Japanese version only) 
 
 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Doma 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Guardian 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 145: " A New Evil - Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yoshihisa Kawahara 
 
 
 German voice 
 Jörg Hengstler Tobias Müller (young) 
 
 
 
 Rafael  is the strongest of  Doma 's Swordsmen and the most mysterious in his strategy. Stoic and mature, he took up the mantle of taking  the Pharaoh 's soul for Doma. He treasures his  Guardian  monsters and hates to see them in the  Graveyard . He is the first Duelist to defeat Yami Yugi without cheating. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Biography 
 3   Abilities 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Other appearances 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
       Rafael's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in "Doma Swordsman" regalia from front and rear views and alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Rafael's usual outfit consists of a large open full-body coat with padded shoulders and belted sleeves and fingerless gloves with studded knuckles. His blonde hair is raised and points upwards behind his head it also features two locks in front of his ears turning through ninety degrees and pointing forward. His  Orichalcos Stone  is worn around his neck. He carries a  Chaos Duel Disk  on his left hand.
 
 Biography 
       Rafael receives " Guardian Eatos " as a birthday present.     
 Rafael came from a very wealthy family, and led a perfect life. He had a younger sister and a younger brother, Sonia and Julian. During his birthday when he received his gift of " Guardian Eatos ", Rafael was separated from his family, on a luxury cruise, the boat went off course and directly into a tidal wave. As a result the family was killed and he was the only survivor (in the dub the story was changed to say that the family survived and had forgotten about him). In the Japanese version,  Rebecca  stated that when she became the American champion, there were rumors that it was actually Rafael instead, even though he never participated in public Duels. 
 
         A shipwrecked Rafael sees the  spirits  of " Guardian Eatos ", " Guardian Grarl " and " Guardian Kay'est ".     
 Rafael was stranded on a deserted island with only his Duel Monsters, which included " Guardian Eatos ", " Guardian Grarl ", and " Guardian Kay'est ", which he treasured. As the three years passed, he ended up gaining longer hair with his only clothing being a tank top and what's left of his pants. During this time, his cards blew into the ocean and Rafael dove in and retrieved them. It appears at this time he began to see his cards Duel Monster spirits, but it was never shown if they talked back to him. One day, Rafael saw a city right off the island. Upon building a raft, Rafael quickly sailed towards it. But as he got near, it disappeared and he was pulled down underneath the sea by a tidal wave. There,  Dartz 's voice told him to remember his voice for they would meet again. Rafael became conscious aboard his raft and was then rescued by a fishing boat where his rescue was on the front page of the magazine.
 
         Rafael holding his siblings' skulls.     
 In the original, Rafael's parents were presumed dead as he visited their graves. His surviving relatives took his dad's inheritance and wanted nothing to do with Rafael. Meanwhile, strangers simply wanted his fame. As a result he had no real friends. Rafael made his living by becoming a Duelist, eventually becoming the first Duelist to become the first national champion in the United States, a feat that was believed to be accomplished by  Rebecca . However, he never appeared in public outside of Duels since people simply wanted to take advantage of him. In the dub, his family survived but forgot about him.
 He traveled more and eventually went with Dartz to a graveyard and tortured by digging where he finds the skulls from his siblings' corpses, confirming that his family had died in the shipwreck (the skulls were removed from the dub version). He was then seduced by a  Dark Guardian  and given " The Seal of Orichalcos " card and a  Chaos Duel Disk , and became one of the many minions of Dartz. Rafael did not know that Dartz drove the ship that his family was separated from him on into the tidal wave til too late.
 At some point after joining Dartz, Rafael met  Alister  and  Valon . Like Rafael, Alister and Valon had their childhoods tragically manipulated and destroyed by Dartz. Rafael obviously cared a great deal about his partners as he showed concern for Valon after he fell in love with Mai and was visibly upset when Alister lost his soul.
 Rafael believed that he was following his set destiny, and proceeded to capture many souls. He believes the Pharaoh,  Yami Yugi , was evil and thus desires his soul above all others. During his Duel against Yami Yugi, Rafael gave his "The Seal of Orichalcos" to Yami, using " Exchange ". Yami Yugi activated "The Seal of Orichalcos" out of desperation, but proceeded to lose the Duel.  Yugi  pushed Yami out of "The Seal of Orichalcos" and let the Seal take his soul instead. Rafael didn't know about this until he returned to Dartz's base and Dartz and Valon revealed this to him. To make up for this, he goes after Yami Yugi after the latter and  Téa Gardner  fell into the Stone Wastelands. By Dartz's instructions, he throws his Orichalcos necklace where Yami Yugi and Yugi dueled in order for Dartz to summon an  Orichalcos Soldier . Yami Yugi only barely manages to win after he uses " The Eye of Timaeus " (something that surprised Rafael since in their last Duel Timaeus abandoned Yami Yugi for playing "The Seal of Orichalcos").
 
         Rafael seeing his family and his guardians.     
         Rafael last seen at the Arc de Triomphe.     
 Later in Florida, Rafael confronts  Mai Valentine  after she was freed from the Orichalcos's influence and arrived to defeat Dartz and free Joey's soul. Despite Mai's efforts, Rafael beats her and captures her soul. Rafael then Duels Yami Yugi again in order to take his soul, this time playing the Seal himself. After Yami Yugi defeats " Guardian Eatos ", Rafael calls forth " Guardian Dreadscythe ". Rafael proceeds to sacrifice his monsters, like Yami Yugi did in their previous Duel. Yami plays " Underworld Circle ", sparking a vision of Rafael's past that snaps him out of the control of "The Seal of Orichalcos". After "Dreadscythe" was destroyed, Rafael then concedes defeat by using " Soul Charge " to revive all his monsters and deplete his own  Life Points  as a symbolic apology to them. 
 Afterwards the Seal attempts to take his soul, but his stone shatters and he is freed. It is revealed that because he had no negative emotions within him upon his defeat, the Seal could not take his soul. When the building starts collapsing, Rafael hangs from an edge and gives Yami Yugi a computer chip with a map to Dartz's lair before he seemingly falls.
 He rescues  Mai  and  Valon  from the collapsing building and confronts Dartz, who confessed that he was the one responsible for sinking the luxury cruise that he and his family were on and for the suffering he and his friends had experienced all along. After this revelation, Rafael became shocked, distraught and enraged; unfortunately, these negative emotions allowed "The Seal of Orichalcos" to rematerialize around him. He used his remaining strength to materialize Guardian Eatos to attack Dartz, but the Seal claimed his soul before Eatos could do so.
 At the end of the arc he is set free along with all of Dartz's prisoners. He is last seen standing before the  Arc de Triomphe , presumably searching for his relatives.
 
 Abilities 
 Rafael is a powerful duelist, having skill comparable to that of Yami Yugi. Like Yami Yugi and Jaden Yuki, he has the ability to see Duel Monster Spirits outside of Solid Vision, making him even more connected to the monsters in his Deck.  Like Yugi and Joey, Rafael's faith in his cards allows him to draw exactly the cards he needs to save himself, as he did in his first match against Yami Yugi.
 
 Deck 
 Rafael uses a  " Guardian " Deck . The majority of his cards are very old and worn, and can be seen with wrinkled edges and discolorations. However, the backs of the cards strangely remain undamaged. Their worn condition is a visual representation of Rafael's devotion to his cards.  Not only does he refuse to replace the physical cards themselves, he refuses to let any of his monsters go to the Graveyard.  Indeed, Rafael looks down on duelists who change their decks or sacrifice their monsters.  This is further reflected in his dueling style, which prioritizes protecting his monsters over more strategically advantageous moves, utilizing cards such as " Rescuer from the Grave " and " Self Tribute ". As seen with "Self Tribute", as well as " Aid to the Doomed " and the unplayed but seen " My Body as a Shield ".   He also has cards such as  Monster Reborn  and "Soul Charge" to resurrect his monsters should he fail to protect them.  
 Rafael's most common tactic is using " Guardian Treasure " to more quickly access his cards. His "Guardian" monsters rely on him first having the appropriate  Equip Spell Card  to be on the  field  before they can be  Summoned , and he  equips  them to " Backup Gardna " for the purpose of the Summoning before using the ability of "Backup Gardna" to transfer that Equip Card to its corresponding "Guardian". Rafael is very close to his cards and cannot tolerate their destruction, thus using a variety of Spell and Trap Cards to protect them, 
 Rafael's dedication to protect his monsters is important due to his  signature card  " Guardian Eatos ", which can be Special Summoned without any sacrifice if Rafael has no monsters in his Graveyard. When "Eatos" is  destroyed  in his Duel with  Yami Yugi , Rafael Summons " Guardian Dreadscythe ", a twisted evil incarnation of "Eatos" that represents the darkness in his heart. At this point, Rafael destroys his other Guardians to empower "Dreadscythe", his hatred and determination to defeat Yami Yugi overriding his bond with them. Furthermore, while Rafael would willingly sacrifice himself to protect his Guardians, "Dreadscythe" forces him to do so by making him discard a card to negate its destruction if it would ever be destroyed.  While Rafael was willing to sacrifice his monsters to power up his "Guardian Dreadscythe," this only because of the influence of the Orichalchos.  Once Dreadscythe was destroyed and the darkness in his heart was vanquished, Rafael reverted to his previous philosophy, sacrificing his remaining Life Points to resurrect his monsters.
 Unlike his comrades, Rafael seems somewhat reluctant to play "The Seal of Orichalcos," choosing to trick Yami Yugi into playing it in their first match rather than using it himself.  This may be out of a desire to avoid being affected by its magic, given how drastically it changed his personality when he did use it.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Gardna 
 Guardian Dreadscythe 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Guardian Elma 
 Guardian Grarl 
 Guardian Kay'est Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Aid to the Doomed 
 Butterfly Dagger - Elma 
 Celestial Sword - Eatos 
 Dimension Distortion [Notes 1] 
 Exchange 
 Gravity Axe - Grarl 
 Guardian Shield 
 Guardian Treasure 
 Kishido Spirit [Notes 1] [Notes 2] 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 3] 
 Morale Boost [Notes 4] 
 My Body as a Shield [Notes 1] 
 Nightmare Binding 
 Obedience 
 Orichalcos Sword of Sealing 
 Purity of the Cemetery 
 Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe 
 Rescuer from the Grave 
 Rod of Silence - Kay'est 
 Rod of the Mind's Eye [Notes 2] 
 Self Tribute 
 Shrink 
 Soul Charge 
 Spell of Pain [Notes 1] 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou [Notes 2] 
 Traps 
 Crystal Seal 
 Guardian Force 
 Guardian Formation 
 Limit Tribute 
 Spirit Hunting 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Yami Yugi / Yugi Muto 
 156 - 158 
 Win
 
 
 Mai Valentine 
 174 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Yami Yugi 
 174 - 176 
 Lose
 
 
 
 Other appearances 
 Rafael ( Legacy of the Duelist ) 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   This card can be seen in his hand after  Yugi  Summons " Dark Magician Girl " during  episode 175 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   This card can been seen in his hand after Yugi uses " Hand Control " to force him to activate " Necromancy " during  episode 158 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  discarded  to  activate  " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing " during  episode 176 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  during  episode 158 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/Rafael4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160327045440', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Rafael_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/190?cb=20070621182251', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/GuardianEatos-EN-Anime-DM-2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/190?cb=20121013191208', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Yugioh156.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121014001716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/Rafaelskullsscene.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110923050531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Yugioh176.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121226173426', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/Rafaellastseem.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110923050651', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/Rafael.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/172?cb=20190525154546', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters