Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Blackwing


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Blackwing.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Untitled 
 2   Different Dimension Blackwing 
 3   Blackwings and Earthbound Gods 
 4   Blackfeather's style 
 5   Forbidden 
 6   EBI 
 7   C'mon guys. 
 8   Agreed 
 
 8.1   Disagree 
 
 
 9   Understand the point of the list 
 10   "Veil of Darkness" would also work in the "Vayu Turbo" list. 
 11   Blackwing without "-"?? 
 12   Stop 
 13   Thoughts on Starstrike Blast BW Cards 
 14   Spirit Reaper? 
 15   Banned Blackwings 
 16   Blackwing - boobytrap 
 17   Genex Ally Crusher 
 18   Re: This edit war thing 
 19   Merging Vayusworn 
 
 19.1   Needs update on origins 
 
 
 
 
 Untitled 
 I think this would go well in a harpie deck because they swarm and they are winged-
beast. Since they are dark that would help with dark Simorgh
 harpies are based on keeping each other on the field to help each other but they can't swarm at all,blackwings swarm and they would be much better off on thier own.
This archetype helps dark simorgh but seriously,there are much better DARK targets rather than these since they don't relate to removing from play and has no way to bring them back-- Moneypony  06:07, 19 January 2009 (UTC)
 
 Different Dimension Blackwing 
 Most People Are Running DAD with Blackwings: I'm surprised that not that many people use DAD, Beginning Of The End, and Return From The Different Dimension. DAD for destruction, Beginning for Draw, and Return for swarm. Besides, you could easily synchro with the monsters you get from Return. Thoughts?
 I am not inloved in DAD like some people but i play him. i need some advices for my deck:
MONSTERS
vayu
mist valley soldier x2
elphin
siroccox2
shura x3
gale
bora x3
kalut x3
blizzard x2
d.d. crow
DAD
 SPELLS
black whirlwind x3
swords of revealing light
lightining vortex
heavy storm
MST
smashing ground
brain control
 TRAPS
threathening roar x3
complusory evacuation device x2
Torrential
icarus x3
bottomles x2
 SIDE DECK
stardust x2
goyo
black rose
red dragon archfiend
ancient fairy dragon
collosal fighter
gaia knight, force of earth
thought ruler
armor master x3
armed wing
magical android
iron chain dragon
 Please comment and give me some advice, I am from Croatia and limited cards are different.
Doc
 
 Blackwings and Earthbound Gods 
 I can easily see this archtype being combined with  Earthbound Immortal - Aslla piscu  since both are  DARK   Attribute  and  Winged Beast   Types . The field spell part isn't even that bad you can use  Harpies' Hunting Ground  or  Mystic Plasma Zone . I even think  Mausoleum of the Emperor  might work if you just want to play  Earthbound Immortal - Aslla piscu . -- Sky Scourge God  18:56, 25 February 2009 (UTC)
 
no no no you idiots...this deck is going to run arond itself when raging battle comes out...they are going to run up to teir one with allures and all that support       
 Well maybe other stuff people mentioned like Harpies and such can't work too well with Blackwings, but Aslla piscu can still be good. It works just as well with  Allure of Darkness  and other Dark support cards, and its effect is killer. You don't even have to add in much support for it, just throw in a  Mausoleum of the Emperor  and your good to go, cause that field spell works with more than just the Earthbound God. -- Sky Scourge God  19:57, 26 March 2009 (UTC)
 
 I don't think that Black Feathers can work with any Earthbound God, specially Aslla piscu which needs more support than any other EBG. I can't get the reason why you people always say "Aslla piscu/Wiraqocha Rasca is a DARK Bird, like the BFs, so it should be with them".  Diehard Guy  16:58, 5 July 2009 (UTC) 
 Lets all just face it blackwings are the next big thing the synchros are real good
,the effects are real good its all good run strait blackwings it'll still be good 
i can think of 4 or 5 ,otk and stks. Im sayin whatever you take out or put in they
are gonna be good. 99.191.83.94  18:38, 3 August 2009 (UTC)Lil'd
 
 Blackfeather's style 
 In case Blackfeather(s) is good at special sommoning,how about add  Destiny Hero - Plasma  in it.Yeah,now that a combo for a Blackfeather deck.If there's a blackfeather on the,special sommon more and more blackfeathers and then special sommon Destiny hero plasma.Its effect can negate all opponent's monsters effect(s),If there's a  Stardust Dragon  on your opponent field what needs to be afraid of,its effect is negated,Destiny hero plasma effect can destroy it and then be its equip spell card.So as  Earthbound Immortals ,destroy it and then gain its effect to direct attack opponent.Who needs  Earthbound Immortals  when you have Blackfeathers and destiny on your side?!
i find it good to have a gold sarcophagus when you have dark armed dragon in the deck to get it to your hand easily
 
 Forbidden 
 Starting from 1/9/2009,blackwings(or known as blackfeather)are forbidden,I do really want to know why blackwings was forbidden.I really can't accept this.
 ... erm blackwings aren't forbidden... a single blackwing got limited to one though. I have no idea how you got it into your head that they'd be forbidden... no yugioh archetype has ever been forbidden, i doubt they'd start now. -- Sketa  06:40, September 7, 2009 (UTC)
 there are no strategy of any archetype that work well with a harpie deck so i think
that harpies can fight blackwings.
 
 EBI 
 Never ever run EBI's in blackwings they make it way to slow and i should know i ran it in 2 tournys and i got 2 places down than i should have. any other cards in Blackwings Other than  Cyber Dragon , DAD , The Dark Creator  Are Bad In Blackwing Vayu Turbo however you can use a variety of other cards. Dont let anyone tell you to put  Raptor Wing Strike  In Blackwings it SUCKS  Wings of Darkness Unite!  13:06, November 22, 2009 (UTC)
 
 C'mon guys. 
 Stop re-adding  Blackwing - Elphin the Raven ,  Fake Feather ,  Swallow's Nest  and  The Dark Creator  to the suggested cards list. Elphin is the  Jenis  of Blackwings(AKA: Terribad).  Fake Feather  is a space that would be better spent on staples/ Royal Oppression .  Swallow's Nest  and  The Dark Creator  doesn't give you advantage over the opponent and all of them slow the deck. -- Reimu-H  21:07, December 29, 2009 (UTC)
 
 Agreed. Deck space should be spent on better cards that are more useful. The only time Elphin is good is in, say, Vayu Turbo, but even there's he's mediocre.  ~InfinitySlayer  21:15, December 29, 2009 (UTC) 
 Agreed 
 I agree with Reimu here. The spaces that you're giving to things like Elphin and Fake Feather can be spent on better cards that will give you better chances of winning. Trust us, we've spent time researching how good BW decks run. -- DarkHeroRaven  21:51, December 29, 2009 (UTC)
 
 Disagree 
 I run Dark Creator and Elphin in my deck. Elphin can be an easy game changer as he has the capability of destroying such synchros as stardust or iron chain through using his summon effect. However I believe running more than one would be overkill and slow things down. Also, Dark Creator is a must if you run DAD as i do. Creator can change a sure set loss into a turn around victory with his high defense and effect. He has won me countless duels by special summoning from grave and synchroing out my black wings for the likes of armor master or stardust. Say what you want about his use in this deck..but results speak for themselves.  —This unsigned comment was made by  141.218.215.218  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:55, March 16, 2010 (UTC) 
 
 Understand the point of the list 
 The point of the list is to add cards that may be helpful and yes even though many people (including me) think elphin is not so great it could be helpful and should not be removed because you think it isn't good enough-- Berfomet  01:55, December 30, 2009 (UTC)
 
 Agreed I'm not the biggest fan of Elphin either but it does have its uses, like against Marshmallon or anything similar. I'd only suggest running 1 copy and maybe a few Double Summons-- Blackwing-John  05:28, August 5, 2010 (UTC) 
 " Veil of Darkness " would also work in the "Vayu Turbo" list. 
 I'd also recommend for the Vayu Turbo list " Veil of Darkness ", because " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor " would be able to go into the  Graveyard  if you drew it with that effect.
-- 1exodiafan1  22:16, December 30, 2009 (UTC)1exodiafan1
 
 Blackwing without "-"?? 
 Why is it that the 2/3 of the blackwing synchros dont have "-" in their names, all blackwings except the 2 of themm have "-" in their name, why do the dont have "-" in their name? just curious.  33royward  11:16, April 20, 2010 (UTC)
 
 As you can see, the word "Shura", "Sirocco", "Bora" and others Blackwing's "name" is a name including "Silverwind". For further clearer explanation, example: "Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame" is the name of that card and then the word "Shura" is a proper name that means "Armed" and "Armor" is not a proper name, its just a name for that card, if you want a "-" in Armed Wing the Armor Master then their names would be called as example Blackwing - "Name" the Armed Wing and Blackwing - "Name" the Armor Master. I hope you understand what I mean.  BF - Black Force  11:18, April 20, 2010 (UTC) 
 AAh, I see Where your getting, Armor Master and Armed Wing has no name like Gale of Bora or something, so thats why, thanks dude.  119.92.109.174  08:58, April 22, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Stop 
 people stop adding dark grepher to the regular deck list its not needed at all-- 76.172.248.4  17:37, May 26, 2010 (UTC)masterjuanton
 agreed. its only use is in vayu turbo-- Bwinggale  18:37, May 29, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Thoughts on Starstrike Blast BW Cards 
 To be honest, Aurora is BS.. Apart from it being light (Which is acutally good) I'm Stuffing him in the side deck.
Abroholos, Great Card.. It's first effect is already awesome. (Although that 1K atk is a pretty big sum) 2nd effect... Can be abused with Etesian. Overall a Decent Card to Slot in your deck for those pesky Stall decks. or every other purpose. Which deck has no spells and traps? come on.
Etesian, It's basically a less useful Kalut, Nuff said. (You may wanna slot in just 1 even though you don't have Abroholos, It's good for Armor Master if the opponent's monster has more than 2500 atk.) TwilightWing  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:52, July 18, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Spirit Reaper? 
 Who the heck added  Spirit Reaper  to the normal deck? I see no reason why anyone would want to slip him in a blackwing deck, especially when that spot could be filled by so may other better cards. Why is that card there again?
 
 Banned Blackwings 
 Blackwings are getting banned with Kaulte being limited, blizard getting banned and all because of their power. Glads and X-sabers are tough and u don't see them getting banned, check the new ban list 99.182.209.32  ( talk ) 18:22, February 21, 2011 (UTC)
 No blackwings are banned, and they only added Kalut to the Limited list
 
Yeah..... where did you get blizzard being banned??
 
He(or she) read the  Mega-Banned  without reading the first line of that page and (s)he think it was the "real" ban list. I think.  WhiteStar  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:11, May 20, 2011 (UTC)
 
 Blackwing - boobytrap 
 Can someone tell me why this card is recommended? It seems to be to situational, and needs to be targeted by a destruction card. Though this is common, it seems there could be other cards that would suit the deck better.-- HiddenLight333  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:52, June 25, 2011 (UTC)
 
 Genex Ally Crusher 
 I believe  Genex Ally Crusher  should be in the recommended section. It has enough defense to withstand a most attacks, and since the entire archetype is dark, it practically guarantees the destruction of one card per turn. This card really does help the deck with even more destruction power.-- HiddenLight333  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:15, July 23, 2011 (UTC)
 
 Re: This edit war thing 
 In case the edit summary isn't read":
 @Vyomo, Uria and Hamon require specific cards (Traps/Continuous Spells, which I figure you know, but I'm posting this for the sake of making my point). Unless you run multiple copies of the needed cards, you're liable to dead draw the Beasts more often than not - and even so, running multiple copies of the needed cards might not necessarily help.
 Raviel, on the other hand, needs 3 Fiends to be Summoned, which is essentially impossible if one sticks by the Recommended list.
 And as for Armityle (which you'd need all 3 for, which might explain the tips you're inserting, though I'm likely wrong), it's difficult to Summon and is extremely low in the cost-effective field. Plus, none of the Beasts particularly support what the Blackwings are built for.
 While I agree with you regarding how Fred is being - I think he could be much less rude about the entire thing - you should probably hold off on adding those tips to the page. If anything, keep a copy in one of your subpages (which I can explain), test the tips and make sure they work first.  Lord Grammaticus  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:07, June 18, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Merging  Vayusworn 
 I think it makes sense because it could go under the part at the bottom for special builds.
 Devmccall  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:08, November 5, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Needs update on origins 
 Lots of new Blackwing cards exist since this article's creation, and some can be moved from manga to main section, as well as the synchros not having any etymology? I love the lore/origin of the cards and would love to know more about them.  Xbon  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:29, August 22, 2019 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: