Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sugoroku_Mutou_and_Seto_Kaiba%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters Shadow Game 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Basic 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Sugoroku Mutou Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Kaiba Land grand opening 
 
 
 Location 
 Kaiba Land 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel  was a game of a  Duel Monsters  between  Seto Kaiba  and  Sugoroku Mutou .
 The Duel was an artificial  Shadow Game , where the loser suffered the virtual reality equivalent of the " Experience of Death "  Penalty Game . The game was used as a means of forcing  Yugi Mutou  to take part in  Death-T  and claiming Sugoroku's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Seto Kaiba  was humiliated from losing to Yugi before in  a Duel before , so he created the  Death-T  theme park within his  Kaiba Land  theme park as a means of getting revenge. 
 Kaiba kidnapped  Sugoroku , threatening to kill his grandson  Yugi  if he did not co-operate.
 At the  Kaiba Land grand opening , Sugoroku was put in a  Battle Box , where he was to Duel Kaiba in front of a large audience. Yugi who had come to the opening as a special guest ran over to try and talk with Sugoroku, but the glass was soundproof and they couldn't hear each other.
 Sugoroku thought that by having "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in his Deck, he was guaranteed to win by just drawing it.
 
 The Duel 
       Kaiba Summons three " Blue-Eyes White Dragons ".     
 Kaiba Summoned " Hitotsu-me Giant ", frightening Sugoroku with the  Solid Vision  hologram it created. 
 Sugoroku Summoned " Hobbit ", activated a Spell Card and plays another monster in Defense. The "Hobbit" attacked, causing Kaiba to lose 500  Life Points .
 Over the next few turns, Kaiba played a monster which attacked and destroyed one of Sugoroku's, causing him to lose 300 Life Points and putting Kaiba in the lead.
 Sugoroku drew " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and Summoned it. In response Kaiba Summoned his own "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". On his next turn, he Summoned another and on the turn after that, another.
 Unable to compete with three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons", Sugoroku lost.
 
 Aftermath 
       Sugoroku's Penalty Game     
 Kaiba took Sugoroku's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card. As Sugoroku's punishment for losing and the card's punishment for betraying him  last time , he ripped up the card and declared that he now possess all the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" cards in the world.
 Kaiba inflicted the artificial "Experience of Death"  Penalty Game  on Sugoroku, causing him to be attacked by  Solid Vision  monsters, including  Doppel-ganger . Yugi demanded that Sugoroku be let out. Kaiba laughed and informed Yugi that having done human experiments, he concluded that the average person goes insane after about ten minutes and if Yugi wants the simulation to stop, he must swear to face  Death-T .
 
 Cards used 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Hobbit 
 Unidentified Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Unidentified 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Hitotsu-me Giant 
 Unidentified 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 27: " Project Start! " 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Kaiba_VS_Sugoroku.png/revision/latest?cb=20160726194247', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/YGO-027_Triple_Blue-Eyes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20160726192855', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Sugoroku%27s_Experience_of_Death.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20160726193048']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duels, Shadow Games