Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crow_Hogan_(ARC-V)


 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 Japanese   
 クロウ・ホーガン 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Lancers 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Top 4     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Blackwing 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Clay Adams 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Shintaro Asanuma [1] 
 
 
 
 Crow Hogan  (クロウ・ホーガン  Kurō Hōgan ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is an alternate universe version of the  Crow Hogan  that appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. He is a Duelist of the  Synchro Dimension , and lives in the slums of  New Domino City  where he takes care of three orphans:  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren . After the  Obelisk Force 's attack, Crow becomes one of the few Synchro allies of the  Lancers  who believes in the threat of Duel Academy and pledges his support, eventually joining the Lancers.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.4   Heartland City 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Frank, Amanda, and Tarren 
 3.2   Shinji Weber 
 3.3   Yuya Sakaki 
 3.4   Shay Obsidian 
 3.5   Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Crow.     
 Crow's design is virtually identical to that of his  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  counterpart. He has dark-grey eyes and orange hair restrained by a leather band with twin rings piercing it, as well as several  criminal marks  on his face (in this incarnation given to him in some way in re-education camps), an "M" and a dot on his forehead, and a full-cheek line and triangle on each side of his face. His ears have piercings with bolts hanging from them.
 Crow wears a simple orange shirt and teal pants with knee pads. He wears a brown sleeveless vest over it and elbow length fingerless gloves, with studded bands strapped around his wrists and forearms, and heavily strapped tan boots. He wears a black helmet with wing-like attachments while riding his Duel Runner.
 
 Personality 
 Crow Hogan has a similar personality to his  5D's  counterpart. He deeply cares for the children he looks after, shown when he got angry at  Sector Security  when they approached them. He also respects those who protect children, telling  Yuya Sakaki  that he was impressed with him protecting  Riley  whilst Dueling Security. [1]  He opposes them stealing when he got angry at  Frank  and  Tarren  for stealing and likewise when he was arrested, he told the children not to steal.
 Though he cares about his friends, he believes people should look after their own group when he rejected Yuya from joining his escape plan, though he later changed his mind after being convinced by  Gong Strong , who noticed Yuya was upset since he was worried about  Zuzu Boyle . [2] 
 He dislikes the  Topsiders , seeing them as repressive and unfair, [3]  but is not as rebellious about it as his friend Shinji Weber, being open to other, less violent options. Where Shinji considers an all-out revolution the only option for improving the Commons' life standards, Crow once believed a  Common  rising to Duel King like  Jack Atlas  did would allow said individual to turn society around from the inside, although this turned out to be a deception as Jack never changed anything. Like many Commons, Crow considers Jack a traitor for this reason and urged Yuya to crush him during their  Turbo Duel . [4]  Notably, rather than insult the Topsiders while he continued Shinji's cause, Crow instead focused on emphasizing the bonds that the Commons share between one another.
 He gets into silly quarrels easily, as shown where he and Yuya got into an argument about their reasons for Dueling. [5] 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 At some point, Crow was marked extensively on the face in re-education camps. [6]  Crow was driving home one day when he saw  Amanda ,  Tarren , and  Frank  huddled in an alley. Crow brought them home and fed them, scolding them when they ate too quickly, and laughing for the first time in years at their antics. He decided to take care of them from that point on. [7] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
       Crow saves  Yuya  from  Sector Security .     
 When  Sector Security  turned the tables on  Lancers   Yuya Sakaki ,  Celina ,  Riley Akaba  and  Sylvio Sawatari  by gathering more units, Crow appeared alongside four other Turbo Duelists. Crow darkened the skies by  Synchro Summoning  " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " as a distraction. He and his allies helped the Lancers escape by pulling them away on their  Duel Runners . [1] 
 After seeing his comrades off, Crow complimented Yuya for protecting  Riley  throughout their ordeal with Sector Security. He and  Amanda  invited the group in to share the day's spoils. When Sylvio confused Crow with an unstructured explanation of how they were from a different Dimension, he stopped him and told them the Lancers could stay until Sector Security calmed down.  Tarren  and  Frank  returned in the evening with food they stole, which angered Crow. He told the Lancers about the  Facility  Sector Security sent in order to apprehend those who opposed the Topsiders-Commons split, only for Frank and Tarren to remember that Yuya and Celina resembled  Yugo  and  Zuzu . Crow offered to go look for them in the Lancers' place, since they were still wanted by Sector Security. [8]  As Sector Security were crawling all over New Domino City, Crow was forced to return empty-handed, explaining the fate of the history of Turbo Duels to the Lancers. Frustrated with the lack of results, Celina decided to go out herself and Sylvio accompanied her, much to Crow's anger. [6] 
 
       Crow is captured by Sector Security.     
 Yuya and Riley remained with Crow, and  Shinji  later stopped by with sweets for the kids. Crow was finally able to coax some words out of Riley, though he didn't realize that Riley was being serious when the kid asked if he was being ordered to eat and Crow jokingly ordered him to wash his hands. As they watched the kids, Yuya expressed his wish to make everyone in the world happy and smiling. Crow skeptically replied that it was a full stomach that mattered and the two quickly got into an argument that they decided to settle with a Duel. Yuya  Pendulum Summoned  on the first turn, entertaining the children, and Crow took the second turn, using his " Blackwings " to Synchro Summon "Raikiri", commenting that Pendulum Summoning wasn't the only means of Summoning multiple monsters. Both Crow and Yuya urged the kids to support them, but the kids were on the fence about the affair. Shinji suddenly arrived and warned them that Sector Security were her, but he was too late to stop Sector Security arresting the group and Shinji, having been led there by the returning Sylvio and Celina. Bound in a net, Crow furiously yelled at the Sector Security officers to leave the children alone. [5] 
 Crow, Shinji, Yuya, Celina, and Sylvio were all taken to the  Facility , where Celina was separated from them. Before being dragged away, Crow told the kids to eat properly, and Shinji reassured him that their friends would look after the kids. Upon their arrival into the Facility, they were roomed with  Gong Strong  and  Dennis McField , two of Yuya's friends. Crow and the others suffered from bullying in the mess hall, and Crow was angered enough to the point that he was ready to start a fight, but Gong and Dennis prevented them from fighting so that they wouldn't get sent to solitary. After being forced to clean the bathrooms, Crow and the others learned of the Facility's system of card bribes, and they were called by the "boss" of the prisoners,  Chojiro Tokumatsu , to offer up card bribes in exchange for preferential treatment. Yuya led them all in refusal, engaging Chojiro in a Duel. [9]  During the Duel, Crow realized that Chojiro was indeed the former Pro Duelist "Enjoy Chojiro" that he had idolized during his youth. Yuya's Dueling eventually caused Chojiro to return to his former style of Dueling, much to Crow's joy, and Yuya defeated Chojiro. [10]   Damon Lopez  was admitted to the Facility the next day, and he made plans with Crow and Shinji to organize a breakout. Unwilling to bring the Lancers with them, yet also unwilling to have them suffer the consequences of their escape, Crow began to distance himself from Yuya, telling him that they weren't friends any longer. Gong eventually noticed Crow, Shinji, and Damon removing a fan to expose an event, and convinced him to let the Lancers assist in the escape. Crow alerted Yuya to the change in plans with a thumbs up. However, they were discovered by one of the guards, alerting them to the breakout. Crow was attacked by a large Facility guard, but he was saved by Sylvio, and Crow managed to escape with Shinji and Damon. [2]  The three Commons were joined by Dennis and Celina, and later the other Lancers and Chojiro, but when they tried to swim from the Facility, they were re-arrested by  Jean-Michel Roget , the Director of Sector Security. Before Roget could take them away, envoys of the  High Council  intervened on their behalf and brought the captives to them, where  Declan Akaba , the leader of the Lancers, had been meeting with them. Crow learned of the war between the dimensions and despite his protests, he was entered into the  Friendship Cup . Yuya was selected to be the opponent in an exhibition match against  Jack Atlas , and before Crow was taken away, he urged Yuya to crush Jack, calling Jack a traitor. [3] [4] 
 
         Crow and Gong at the starting line.     
 Crow Dueled Gong for the first match of the first round. Although unwilling to entertain the Topsiders, he decided to win and show the kids that the Commons could win. However, when he saw the kids being chased by the staff in the stadium, he became distracted and didn't focus completely on the Duel. Gong was able to back Crow into a corner by using a Pendulum-Synchro Summon to bring out " Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi " and set himself up for a winning attack. Gong told Crow that he couldn't win if his heart was in turmoil, and the kids cheering Crow on snapped him out of his daze. Performing a risky maneuver, Crow grabbed " Evasion " to negate the attack, and he brought out " Assault Blackwing - Kusanagi the Gathering Storm " on his next turn to win the Duel. Admitting that "Kyu-B" had given him trouble, Crow and Gong congratulated one another on a good Turbo Duel and Gong left the arena. [7]  Shinji was up next, Dueling  Moon Shadow , and Shinji rallied the Commons in the crowd against the Topsiders the entire Duel, eventually winning. Crow decided to fight alongside Shinji. [11]  He watched the other Duels of the first round, including the brutal climax of  Shay 's Duel with Dennis McField, which revealed Dennis as part of  Duel Academy . [12] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
         Crow watches in surprise as Yuya summons Enlightenment Paladin, his first Synchro Monster.     
 He watched  Zuzu Boyle 's Duel against  Sergey Volkov  and was shocked to see Zuzu's brutal defeat. [13]  He was surprised after learning that  Yuya  would Duel  Shinji  in the second round. [14]  Crow mused to himself on his broken trust in  Jack  for failing to change things for the  Commons , and that Shinji's revolution would not have been the only way to change things. Crow was later surprised to witness Yuya  Synchro Summon  " Enlightenment Paladin " and defeat Shinji. [15] 
 He was later called to Duel  Shay Obsidian  in the second round. Crow mused to himself that if Shinji was correct, then Yuya was also a traitor. Not knowing who he was able to trust, he resolved to keep winning so he could challenge and defeat Jack. [16]  Crow and Shay interrupted  Melissa Trail 's speculations about Yuya so that they could Duel as soon as possible. Confused by Shay associating him with Duel Academy, Crow traded blows with his " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " evenly for the first few turns using "Raikiri", encouraging the Commons by praising the bonds that they had with one another. Both Crow and Shay rudely dismissed the other's claims, Shay revealing that he didn't see the Lancers, who Crow believed to be associated with the Topsiders, as comrades, and Shay destroyed "Raikiri" by  Ranking-Up  "Rise Falcon" into " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ". [17]  Shay continued to urge Crow to come at him, and Crow delivered, using " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow " to block Shay from getting an  Action Card  and then  Phantom Synchro Summoning  "Raikiri" from the  Graveyard . Much to his shock, Crow saw Frank, Amanda and Tarren watching the Duel from an overpass with Zuzu, and he berated them for being in a dangerous location. Shay began telling Crow to stop the Duel, but Crow refused and destroyed "Blaze Falcon". Shay Ranked-Up again and brought out " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ", finally getting Crow to see what he'd been talking about - Tarren had fallen and was hanging on to "Raikiri's" back. Crow desperately attempted to maneuver Tarren back to the others, but Tarren lost his grip and fell. Shay saved him and brought him back to Zuzu and the other kids before returning to the Duel. Realizing that Shay had seen Tarren fall, Crow thanked Shay, who thanked him in turn for reminding him of what he was fighting for. Crow commented that Duel Academy was a large foe for Shay to fight, and Shay replied that the same could be said for the Topsiders. Crow agreed, and the two fist-bumped before continuing the Duel. [18] 
 
         Crow and Shay recognize one another as comrades.     
 Shay Ranked-Up "Revolution Falcon" into " Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon " and then into " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon " and destroyed "Raikiri" again. Crow was only just able to save himself from defeat, and he drew " Blackwing - Bora the Spear " on his next turn, using it to set up a chain of  Synchro Summons  to re-Summon "Raikiri" in an attempt to destroy "Ultimate Falcon". When Shay didn't move for an Action Card, Crow correctly deduced that "Ultimate Falcon" was unaffected by his card effects and instead brought out " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder " to win the Duel. Before Shay was taken away, the two exchanged promises to continue fighting their enemies, and they parted as comrades. [18] 
 Crow watched the Duel between  Yugo  and Celina, and he initially assumed that Celina had the Duel in the bag, but he was proven wrong when Yugo was able to turn the tables and win. [19]  Crow was later called during the night rather than the next day for his semi-final match against Yuya, and he continued to vow to win his way through the tournament. [20]  Before his Duel with Yuya, he apologized for suspecting that Yuya was allied with the Topsiders, having realized after his Duel with Shay that this was false. After Crow explained to Yuya his vow to win the tournament, Yuya informed Crow of  Jean-Michel Roget 's plan to take over New Domino City and the imprisonment of Riley and Declan Akaba in the Capital Building. Crow agreed to assist him, and he and Yuya vowed to have a real match later. The two put on a show to distract the crowd, while Yuya prepared to leap from his Duel Runner at the right time in order to assist the Akabas. To Crow's surprise, instead of jumping, Yuya instead was wracked with  spasms of pain  and began to Duel  aggressively , Pendulum Summoning "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Deciding that this was evidence that Yuya was indeed allied with the Topsiders, Crow retaliated, Synchro Summoning "Raikiri" and wiping Yuya's field before scoring a direct attack. Yuya revived "Odd-Eyes" and Xyz Summoned " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " in response on his next turn. [21] 
 
         Crow recoils in horror after seeing Yuya's ferocious eyes.     
 Crow was surprised to see the Summoning of "Odd Eyes Rebellion Dragon" and experienced the dangerous Summoning of the monster when Yuya is in the Awakened state. He used  Blackbird 's flight mode to fly across a gap made by a failed change in Duel lanes. This dangerous gap in the air made Crow doubt Yuya's so-called association with the Topsiders. Concerned that he may have misunderstood the whole situation with Yuya and the Lancers, Crow tried to talk to Yuya, only to become the first person to see Yuya and his eyes in the Awakened state. He was intimidated by the look, and realized that something was wrong with him.  Sora 's surprise entrance confirmed his concerns and friendship with Yuya as well as allowing him to witness the arrival of the  Obelisk Force : the dreaded threat that Zuzu and the Lancers have been desperately warning about. Crow was eventually defeated by the effect of " Supreme Wing ", but before he was taken to the  Underground Labor Facility , he managed to tell Yuya about Sora and the Obelisk Force looking for Celina. He urged Yuya to never mind him and go after Sora. [22] 
 In the Underground, Crow kept warning the officials about the arrival of the strange people, and learned through Shay that they were the Obelisk Force. He reunited with Gong and Sylvio, and told them about Sora's presence in the dimension as well as Shay's suspicions of the Obelisk Force. His report was confirmed to be true a few moments later when  Moon Shadow  arrived, rescued Shay, and requested their assistance to protect Celina and help Riley. He was shocked to learn Riley was fighting. Crow also reunited with Amanda, Frank, and Tarren and assisted them, Chojiro, and Gong in looking for Zuzu. [23]  He and the kids followed the escaped Lancers a while later by escaping the Underground thanks to the riot.
 Crow ordered the children to avoid both Sector Security and the Obelisk Force. He split up with them to find Yuya, Sora, and Celina, intending to assist them if they couldn't protect Celina on their own. [24]  He began to distrust Shinji's revolution once he rescued and comforted a frightened child from the Topsiders. [25]  Crow rescued Damon, Tony, and Shinji from Sector Security and called them out for not listening to Zuzu's broadcast. At this point, Crow revealed that he believed in the Lancers, and believed in the threat of Duel Academy that Zuzu, Shay, Yuya, and Sora talked about. Crow tried to convince them that Duel Academy was a much more dangerous threat than the Topsiders, and he told Shinji to stop the revolution. Blinded by anger and years of the Topsiders' abuse, his friends refused to listen. Crow was about to Duel against them after they challenged him when Yuya's broadcast stopped them and surprised him. [26] 
 While he and Shinji were surprised by Yuya's mention of them in his short speech before the Duel, [27]  it did not end the confrontation between him and his former friends until Shay arrived and presumably ended the situation. [28]  He, Shinji, Damon, and Tony raced to join Yuya's Duel with Jack and voiced out his encouragement and support. They simultaneously announced the effect of " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " with Yuya and watched Yuya deal the final blow. Crow was present to hear from Sora's broadcast about Roget's latest actions as well as Zuzu's status. [29] 
 
         Crow and Jack crash through the glass of the Sector Security Building.     
 He and Jack raced off after Yuya with their  Duel Runners  and broke through the glass doors of the Sector Security building. They ran around with Yuya, looking for Zuzu, and reunited with Riley and Moon Shadow. They learned that Declan was Dueling Roget in a locked room trying to rescue Zuzu. Once Sora arrived and confirmed that he could open the locked door, Jack and Crow exchanged glances and left the Lancers. The two successfully set up an ambush on Roget, simultaneously creating a chance to free Zuzu. Crow and Jack voiced their anger when they, with their ace monsters out, caught up with Roget and Zuzu in the elevator. After Jack had " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " destroy the elevator and caused Roget to fall down the shaft, Crow watched the reunion of Yuya and Zuzu. Unfortunately, Roget survived the assault and Crow witnessed Roget's confessions to his schemes of trapping New Domino City in the space between dimensions and capturing the Lancers for Duel Academy; Crow was helpless to stop him as "Raikiri" was disintegrated by the shockwaves. Crow watched in further shock as Roget disappeared into a wormhole, and as a second wormhole appeared moments later to pull in Zuzu, Yuya, Shay, Gong, and Sylvio. He and Jack went speechless with what just happened and asked Declan what was going on. Declan and Sora explained what wormholes were and how they swallowed Roget, Zuzu, and some of the Lancers, as well as their potential fates. The group worriedly looked up to the skylight out of the remains of the Sector Security building, unable to find out the missing Lancers' whereabouts. [30] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Sector Security were disbanded and New Domino City was given over to the citizens. Crow was going to stay and help with the rebuilding, but Shinji and Chojiro urged the Lancers to do their duty instead, and Crow and Sora joined the remaining Lancers and traveled to the  Fusion Dimension . Procuring a speedboat, the Lancers caught up with  Captain Cutter 's ship just in time to see Yuya fall from the mast. Crow Synchro Summoned "Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower" and saved him. He was worried when Cutter used " Grand Naval Battle " to shoot at their speedboat and watched Yuya and Sora defeat Cutter. When Declan revealed to Yuya that New Domino City was now equal, Crow also explained that they were going help with the rebuilding effort, but Shinji and Chojiro told them to leave New Domino City to them. [31]  When Crow wondered why Yuya's  dad  would go to Duel Academy, Declan revealed to everyone how he went to Duel Academy three years ago and asked Yuya's father for help.
 
         Crow asks who the second person Declan mentions is.     
 He learned that Declan found out about  Revival Zero , another part of the Professor's plan involving Celina and  Yuri , and possibly Yuya as well. Declan told Crow and the other Lancers to believe in their friends' strength and fight to the very end. After arriving at Duel Academy, Crow prepared to climb the cliff to charge into the Professor's lab. [32]  Crow used the Blackbird to scale the cliff, but they were surrounded by Duel Academy students. Having anticipated this, the Lancers split into two groups; Yuya, Gong, Sylvio, Crow, and Moon Shadow Dueled the students, while Declan's group continued to the lab. The students eventually retreated, and the Lancers pursued them, but fell into a trap and were captured in energy nets. They were forced into a  Survival Duel  with five Duel Academy students that would only leave one man standing. Yuya and Sylvio argued over the ethics of the Survival Duel, but Crow told Yuya that they had to survive and escape in order to help Yusho and Zuzu. Moon Shadow went ahead to provide reconnaissance, but they soon heard a scream. They ran to the location and found  a Duel Academy student  sealed into a card.  Another student  emerged from the bushes in terror, and Sylvio pursued him; Crow tried to follow, but soon ended up on his own. While walking around, he noted that Duel Academy were more rotten than Sector Security. He was struck by something from behind and noticed Moon Shadow moving through the treetops. He later heard Sylvio's scream and ran after him. [33] 
 
         Crow smiles at Yuya, accepting his fate as he is carded by Battle Beast.     
 Crow continued looking for Sylvio and found him climbing back up the Duel arena. He noticed  someone  watching them before  two   more  students arrived. They challenged them to a Duel, but someone intruded in the Duel and remained in hiding, despite Crow calling out for the Duelist to reveal himself. [34]  The two students were sealed  into   cards  by the hidden Duelist, and Crow continued to call out for the Duelist to reveal himself. Crow and Sylvio fled, and Crow decided that Sylvio couldn't defeat the Duelist and had "Raikiri" attack Sylvio directly and damage his Duel Disk to save him from being sealed into a card. "Raikiri" was destroyed, so Crow activated " Blackwing - Last Will " in an attempt to defeat the Duelist. Though he was unable to defeat the Duelist, he succeeded in revealing him as the Battle Beast, who pinned him down. Yuya and Gong arrived, and Crow admitted that it seemed that it was the end for him and apologized to both Yuya and Frank, Amanda, and Tanner. With a final grin, Crow was sealed into a  card  by the Battle Beast. Moments later, the remorseless Battle Beast attempted to step on the card that contained Crow, but Sylvio was able to recover the card. [35] 
 
 Duel Academy 
         A revived Crow and Sylvio intrude Z-ARC's Duel.     
 Crow surprised everyone after being unsealed from his card and joined the Duel with Sylvio against  Z-ARC  before Jack was defeated. They both received intrusion penalties and told Sylvio he can't bring it just by himself. [36]  After learning everything from Sylvio, Crow told Z-ARC he will inherit his fallen comrades thoughts and defeat him. Crow tried to make Yuya remember his past by telling him that he learned how smiles were important as well from him. He also told Yuya that he was grateful to him for bringing peace to the  Synchro Dimension . He  Synchro Summoned  " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " while Z-ARC brought out " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " during Crow's turn due to its own effect. When Z-ARC used the effect of "Clear Wing" to negate "Raikiri's" effects and destroy it, Crow used " Black Feather Illusion " to revive "Raikiri" with its effects negated. Yelling its his Dueltainment, Crow then attacked "Clear Wing" but Z-ARC used the effect of "Clear Wing" to negate "Raikiri's" attack, destroy it, and inflict damage equal to its ATK. However, Crow used " Black Feather Reversal " to negate the damage and  Special Summon  " Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling " from his  Extra Deck . "Chidori" gained 300 ATK for each  Blackwing  in the  graveyard  and Crow destroyed "Clear Wing". [37] 
 
         Crow and Sylvio defeated by Z-ARC.     
 When Z-ARC tried to use the  Pendulum Effect  of " Supreme King Gate Zero " to  negate  the damage, Crow used the effect of "Black Feather Illusion" in his graveyard by  banishing  it to negate "Zero's" effect. "Chidori" was  forced  to attack " Supreme King Z-ARC " and was destroyed, allowing Z-ARC to Special Summon two " Supreme King Servant Dragon Darkwurms " from his Extra Deck. Crow used the second effect of "Chidori" to revive "Raikiri" and used the effect of "Raikiri" to destroy "Supreme Face-off", but Z-ARC used the effect of "Dance" to prevent it from being destroyed by a card effect once per turn. Crow learned that Z-ARC didn't want to lose badly, but told him he won't understand true victory if he doesn't know defeat. He also told Z-ARC how the  Commons  been losing all time and were overjoyed when peace returned to  New Domino . Crow told Yuya not to forget that and told Z-ARC there's no shame in losing, but was embarrassing to lie about being afraid of losing. He ended his turn and told Sylvio it was up to him now. When Sylvio used " Abyss Script - Abysstainment " again, Crow noted that " Supreme Face-off " couldn't be  activated  due to " Abyss Actor - Superstar " being  Level 7 . However, when Z-ARC used every monster he destroyed to protect "Z-ARC", Crow wondered what was their purpose of being there. He then noticed  Leo Akaba  intruding the Duel. His "Chidori" and Sylvio's "Superstar" were then forced to attack "Z-ARC" and destroyed with the effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubling the damage. Crow and Sylvio were defeated and sent flying into the roof of a building. When Leo sent " Master Spirit Tech Force - Pendulum Ruler " to the graveyard, Crow noted it would just solidify Z-ARC's protection. [37] 
 He told  Declan  that Yuya's soul was absolutely inside of Z-ARC. He and Sylvio were happy when Declan managed to dealt damage to Z-ARC. Crow was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed Declan, but was happy  Moon Shadow  came back and saved Declan. He and Jack were happy when  Ray   turned  all of Z-ARC's Synchro Monsters into  Normal Monsters  with their effects negated. [38] 
 Following the battle against Z-ARC, Crow returned to the  Fusion Dimension  to bring Yuya his  Duel Runner  and Turbo suit for his Duel against  Jack  and told him everyone was looking forward to it, admitting his jealousy. He then watched the Duel with Shay, Sora, and  Alexis Rhodes  and was worried when Yuya was pushed into a corner. [39]  Crow was surprised when he learned that " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " had the effect to negate and steal monster effects and add those monsters ATK to its own. When Yuya used the stolen effect of " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", Crow already knew Jack was anticipating it. He bump fists with Shay when Yuya won and watched his Duel with Declan. [40]  Crow was surprised when Yuya Fusion Summoned " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon  and when Yuya destroyed " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " on purpose to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ". Crow was also shocked when he thought Yuya defeated Declan and watched Yuya lower all monsters ATK to 0 with the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ". He watched Yuya and Declan gather action cards to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to "Five-Rainbow Magician's" effect. Crow was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by Ray to witness her revival as Zuzu. [41] 
 
 Relationships 
 Frank, Amanda, and Tarren 
 When Crow found and fed the three orphans, he noted to himself that they had made him smile for the first time in ages, and decided to take care of them. Crow cares deeply for their safety, and he insists that they live honest lives and gets angry if they steal food. When he was captured by  Sector Security , Crow told them not to worry about him and urged them to eat properly, and he worried for their safety until  Shinji  reassured him that the children would be taken care of.
 After the arrival of the Obelisk Force, Crow began to assist in the three's efforts to find Zuzu and get her under the protection of the Lancers. Hiding away from Security and the Obelisk Force after escaping the Underground thanks to Shinji's rebellion, Crow cautioned them to be careful of both Duel Academy (an unknown enemy with unknown strengths) and Security, and warned that he would join the fight with the Lancers if they needed help.
 It is thanks to the three children knowing much more about Sora, Zuzu, and Duel Academy than Crow himself did that Crow deepens his trust and care for Yuya, Celina, and Zuzu. When Crow was sealed into a card by the  Battle Beast , he apologized to the children in his final moments.
 
 Shinji Weber 
 Crow and  Shinji  are longtime friends and consider one another comrades. Shinji assists Crow in taking care of  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren . When Shinji began using the  Friendship Cup  to push for a revolution, Crow decided to assist him, though he noted that a revolution wasn't the only way to solve the  Commons ' problems and rather than attack the Tops, he focuses purely on emphasizing the bonds of the Commons.
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Crow and  Yuya  became fast friends after Crow witnessed Yuya protecting  Riley Akaba . Yuya in turn respected and was grateful to Crow for saving the  Lancers  from  Sector Security . Crow was initially skeptical of Yuya's claims of being from a  different dimension , but he seemingly accepted this quickly. Crow and Yuya's relationship underwent some friction when Crow tried to distance himself from Yuya in order to ensure that Yuya would not be punished after Crow escaped from the  Facility , though they later mended this rapport. Unfortunately, Crow's opinion of Yuya was soured again after  Shinji's  argument with  Jean-Michel Roget  and he began to believe that Yuya was associated with the Tops. He changed his mind after learning of  Duel Academy  from  Shay Obsidian  and happily assisted Yuya in an attempt to rescue  Declan Akaba  and Riley, but after Yuya failed to make his jump and began to attack Crow aggressively (due to being affected by Roget's torture), Crow returned to believing that Yuya was indeed associated with the Tops.
 This association was formally proven false to Crow after both were in danger due to failed changes in Duel lanes brought about by Yuya's Summoning of "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" and after Crow saw Yuya's terrifying eyes. Their friendship and Crow's care for Yuya was further strengthened when Sora appeared and informed Crow that Yuya was not normal and something was not right. Disregarding his own safety that was threatened by "Odd Eyes Rebellion Dragon", Crow earnestly and successfully ended the Awakened state, but he accidentally cost himself the victory. He was relieved when Yuya woke up and was back to normal, and told Yuya about Sora, the appearance of the Obelisk Force and the realization that Celina was in danger. Crow urged Yuya to flee and find Sora and help Celina and told him not to worry about Crow.
 Crow continued to show his trust and alliance with Yuya in his attempts to find Celina and stop Shinji and his revolution. He watched with pride Yuya's Duel against Jack, and tried to help the Lancers stop Roget. Crow later joined the Lancers and saved Yuya from  Captain Cutter , and later apologized to him when he was sealed into a card by the Battle Beast.
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 As one of  Yuya 's apparent comrades, Crow initially considered  Shay  to be associated with the Tops after  Jean-Michel Roget  and  Shinji 's argument and vowed to defeat him. [17]  He later realized that he and Shay were similar after the two of them talked properly after Shay had saved  Tarren , and they quickly developed a more friendly rapport. After Shay was defeated, he and Crow parted as friends. [18] 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Despite an initially awkward relationship, Crow and Sylvio became friends with one another rather quickly, as shown when Sylvio let himself be a distraction while Crow escaped from the Facility with Shinji. After Crow was carded by the Battle Beast, Sylvio showed incredible guilt and sadness, carrying Crow's card with him right up until his revival. The two then teamed up to take on Z-ARC so that they could free Yuya from the Demon Duelist's hold.
 
 Deck 
 As he did in  5D's , Crow uses a  " Blackwing " Deck . [42]  He uses a combination of "Blackwing"  monsters  that his  5D's  counterpart used in addition to both new "Blackwing" and  " Assault Blackwing "  monsters, focusing on  swarming  the  field  with multiple monsters to perform  Synchro Summons . In comparison to his  5D's  counterpart, Crow has a larger focus on low-Level monsters. His Synchro Monsters often have effects that allow them to be treated as  Tuner monsters , effectively allowing Crow to perform pseudo- Accel Synchro Summons .
 Because Commons find it difficult to own multiple copies of their monsters in their  Extra Decks , Crow includes several ways to protect and bring back his " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " and makes up for the additional space in his Extra Deck by using a wide array of low- Level  Synchro Monsters, most of which are aimed to bring out his stronger monsters. In accordance with this mentality his Deck includes cards that protect his monsters from being destroyed and/or his  Life Points .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Blackwing - Calima the Haze 
 Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun 
 Blackwing - Gust the Backblast 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust 
 Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky 
 Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow 
 Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling 
 Assault Blackwing - Kunifusa the White Rainbow 
 Assault Blackwing - Kunisada the White Rainbow 
 Assault Blackwing - Kuniyoshi the White Rainbow 
 Assault Blackwing - Kusanagi the Gathering Storm 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Against the Wind 
 Black Feather Illusion 
 Black Feather Reversal 
 Charging Blade 
 Sky Excalibur 
 Traps 
 Black Feather Cursed Guard 
 Black Feather Hope 
 Blackwing - Festival 
 Blackwing - Last Will 
 Blade Shade 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 59 
 No result
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 66 
 Win
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 81 - 82 
 Win
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 87 - 88 
 Lose
 
 
 Sector Security 
 95 
 Win (with  Shinji Weber ,  Damon Lopez  and  Tony Simmons )
 
 
 Duel Academy  Duelists 
 118 
 No result (with  Gong Strong ,  Moon Shadow ,  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Emma  and  Jacob ,  Battle Beast 
 119 - 120 
 Win (Emma and Jacob), Lose (Battle Beast) (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 139 
 Lose (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 64: " Match with the Master " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 66: " Crow's Crew " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 61: " Hero's Fall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 68: " Common Cause " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 77: " A Cons Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 79: " Road To Rebellion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   18.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 82: " Warriors of the Air " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 85: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 86: " Against All Odds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑  37.0   37.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 ↑   The Organization:  V-Jump June 2015 
 
 
 v e 
 Crow Hogan  pages Anime, manga, books 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Crow_Hogan_%28ARC-V%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150524190945', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/FullCrowHogan%28ArcV%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150607120223', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Crow_Rescues_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150522054342', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Crow_got_caught.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150613074450', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/ArcV_066.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150726125314', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Crow_Reacts_To_Enlightenment_Paladin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928092622', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/CrowShayFriends.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152231', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/CrowTerrified.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160308095206', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/JackCrowCrashWindow.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160418131212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/Crow_Asks_About_Revival_Zero.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928090541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Crow_Smiles_Before_Being_Carded.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928090543', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Crow_and_Sawatari_Join_The_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170115112238', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Crow_and_Sylvio_in_a_roof.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170123073751']
Categories: Characters, Crow Hogan pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters