Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Capsule_Monsters_-_Episode_002


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters - Episode 002 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English 
 Divide and Conquer 
 
 
 Number 
 002 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 16, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 "Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme" 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episode listing 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Getting Played " 
 " Reunited at Last " 
 
 
 
 
 " Divide and Conquer " is the second episode of the miniseries  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters .
 
 Summary 
 As the episode starts, Yami is calling out for the rest of the gang, trying in vain to warn them how dangerous this new world they've arrived in is. Hearing growling noises, he looks around when he's suddenly attacked by a  Trent . As he hops around, avoiding blows, the strange armlet he's wearing pops open. Realizing what it's for, he places the capsule that he gained in the previous episode in and fires it, summoning  Celtic Guardian  to defend him.
 (scene change to Joey being carried carried by  Kurama )
 Telling his captor to let him go, Joey suddenly realizes how high they're flying and asks not to be dropped. Still, the  Kurama  drops him into a nest full of 3 chicks, who proceed to attack him. Falling backwards out of the nest, he lands in yet another nest with (5) chicks in it. Jumping out, he manages to land in yet another nest with even more. Jumping out again, he mumbles how he can't wait to see who's on the next cliff, only to realize there ISN'T another cliff. Scrambling in vain to fly, he lands (rather painfully looking) on a tree branch. Looking up, he notices one of those capsule shaped rocks that rolls down and hits him square in the face. Grabbing hold of it as they fall, it explodes in a flash of light, summoning forth  Baby Dragon  to help him in his plight.
 (scene change to the beach)
 Looking over  Thunder Kid  and  Happy Lover , Téa and Tristan are talking about how their new monster friends hatched out of the capsule rocks. A flashback occurs, showing how Téa and Tristan both touched the rocks as they were running from the  Gokibore . Tristan assumes the hatched monsters are friendly and that they're safe, while Téa wonders what happened to Yugi, Joey and Solomon.  Thunder Kid  and  Happy Lover  suddenly start to get agitated just as Téa notices sounds coming from behind them. Tristan thinks there's no point in panicking, moments before a giant  Root Water  appears from the sea. Huddled against a cliff, Tristan asks Téa if it's her fault this new beast appeared, but she denies it and notices that  Happy Lover  and  Thunder Kid  are standing in front, protecting the 2 of them. Tristan realizes why the  Gokibore  didn't follow, pointing out that they also have nowhere to run to this time. Realizing there no escape either way, they choose to fight the  Root Water .
 (scene change to Joey flying on the back of  Baby Dragon )
 Thanking  Baby Dragon  for saving his life, they realize they're being chased by a flock of  Kurama . Turning in mid-air, the duo decide to attack the  Kurama  flock head on. Realizing there's more than they thought, Joey decides to teach  Baby Dragon  in his form of combat. "If you can't beat 'em... run for your life!".
 (scene panning to the middle of the Forest,  Celtic Guardian  fighting with the  Trent )
 After a direct blow from  Celtic Guardian , Yugi appears in spirit form to Yami and asks what the problem is, since in Duel Monsters,  Celtic Guardian  has way more attack points (which is a lie...  Trent  has 100 ATK MORE than  Celtic Guardian ). Yami sees that his  Celt's  attacks are having no affect at all. Yugi makes a casual observation, thinking that the  Trent  has super-powers. Then Yami realizes that maybe it gets some kind of field advantage for being in the forest. They realize that the game of Capsule Monsters uses the same principles and that this world based on the game. Yami thinks that maybe it was the other way round.
 Trent  continues its assault on the  Celtic Guardian  and makes a blow against it, knocking him to one knee. Yami feels the pain from this and also drops to one knee. Knowing that he gets hurt when his monsters are attacked, Yami feels that the whole world they're in is just one big Shadow Game.
 (scene change back to Joey, flying away from the flock of  Kurama  on  Baby Dragon )
 As the  Kurama  are catching up, Joey tells  Baby Dragon  to fly into a small ravine in the clifftop. Flying through the cliff, Joey looks for some way to evade the beasts. Flying through a narrow tunnel, they manage to get away through a small hole the  Kurama  can't fit through.
 (scene change back to the forest, Celtic Guardian and the  Trent  staring each other down)
 Yugi asks what they're going to do now, before Celt is destroyed. Yami wonders what'll happen if they lose as they're in a Shadow Game. Suddenly, all the trees in the forest start to change into Trents. Yugi states that this must be  Trent 's special ability. Celt tries hard to protect Yami, who realizes there are too many to defend against.  Celtic Guardian  and Yami are both captured by the Trents. Yugi spots another capsule stone sitting against the roots of an unchanged tree. Yami can't reach for it, and Yugi says that the  Celtic Guardian  can help, who then throws his sword, cutting the limb holding Yami and allowing him to reach the stone. Yami touches the stone, summoning forth a  Hinotama Soul . Yami makes a cliché quip as the Trents start to back off. He then orders the  Hinotama Soul  to attack (which it does), piercing 3 of the Trents and setting the rest aflame. Yami makes another cliché quip, and then explains how fire always beats wood. The scene fade-changes to a burnt out forest floor, Yugi (now back in his body rather than Yami), sighs and assumes they're safe for now and wonders how the others are doing, hoping they know they're not in India any more.
 ( scene change to a waterfall )
 Joey still thinks they're in India. He's sitting behind the waterfall and complains that he's lost and his trip is a pain in the butt, but cheers up when he finds a treasure chest sitting on a rock. Thinking he's rich, he sticks his arms in the air,  Baby Dragon  just looking at him cluelessly. Joey starts to dance, telling himself he'll be richer than Kaiba. He then claims he'll get to be a spoiled brat. The suspense killing him, and  Baby Dragon 's lack of an answer as to what might be in there leaving him at a blank, Joey decides to open it. It starts to open itself, a bright light shining inside it. An ancient looking scroll comes out of it and wrapping itself around Joey and tying him up. Calling for it to save him,  Baby Dragon  blasts Joey with its fiery breath. Joey runs to stand in the water as a smaller scroll (that turns out to be a map of the world they're in) appears.
 ( scene change to Tristan and  Thunder Kid  attacking  Root Water )
 Thunder Kid  shoots off an array of lightning bolts at the beast, only to have a massive wave of water block the attack. A hole opens in the wave and  Root Water  blasts a ball of water at  Thunder Kid  throwing him into the cliff and hurting Tristan as well. Tristan realizes that they feel the pain as much as their monsters do. Powering up another attack,  Root Water  keeps firing at  Thunder Kid , making Tristan keel over in pain. Tea builds up the courage to help out, but  Happy Lover  is reluctant to attack. Tristan wishes he'd payed more attention to Yugi so he could work out some strategy to defeat the monster. A flashback occurs, showing Yugi explaining to Tea how the game works. He also explains that  Happy Lover  has the ability to heal friendly monsters. Back in reality, Tea orders  Happy Lover  to heal  Thunder Kid . Tristan gets up and starts dancing because he feels so good, only to have Téa get angry at him for his poor timing. Tristan orders  Thunder Kid  to attack again. As Thunder Kid is hit by an attack, Tristan runs over and uses him as a volleyball, flinging him high into the air so they counter with a blast of electricity while  Root Water  is blinded by the sunlight. Tea rejoices as Tristan catches  Thunder Kid . As the smoke clears,  Root Water  appears to be cracking, evolving him into a stronger form, the  High Tide Gyojin . Tristan gets over-confident, saying Thunder Kid can take it on, only to turn back and see Thunder Kid and Happy Lover hiding behind a small rock. as High Tide Gyojin powers up an attack, sucking the gang and their monsters into a giant watery tornado, a mysterious person appears on-scene and calls for a  Summoned Skull  to attack with Lightning Strike, destroying High Tide Gyojin in the process. It's Solomon!
 
 Trivia 
 Yugi:  Safe bet that everyone realizes we aren't in India anymore.    (Elsewhere...) 
 Joey:   (Reading his tour guide book)  This guide to India is useless!. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episodes 
 
 #001 " Getting Played " #002 " Divide and Conquer " #003 " Reunited at Last " #004 " Fortress of Fear " 
 
 
 #005 " Eye of the Storm " #006 " Trial of Light and Shadow " #007 " Red-Eyes Black Curse " #008 " Fruits of Evolution " 
 
 
 #009 " The Fiendish Five - Part 1 " #010 " The Fiendish Five - Part 2 " #011 " The True King - Part 1 " #012 " The True King - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Capmon002.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20100604155253']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episodes