Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_007


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 007 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ハノイの 天 使 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hanoi no Tenshi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Hanoi's Angel 
 
 
 English 
 Fallen Angel 
 
 
 Number 
 007 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 21, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 22, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Gill Bo No 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " True Blue " 
 " A Storm is Coming " 
 
 
 
 
 "Fallen Angel" , known as  "Hanoi's Angel"  in the Japanese version, is the seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 21, 2017, and will air on Teletoon on September 22, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. Pluto TV premiered the English dub on December 11, 2020 in the US. 
 Feeling that the  Knights of Hanoi  are behind  Blue Angel ,  Yusaku  decides to  Duel  her to find out her real intentions. However, Playmaker is gradually driven into a corner by Blue Angel’s tactics, which focus on dealing  effect damage . Blue Angel’s strong desire to be recognized by  her brother  has fueled her Dueling, and she won’t hold back...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Blue Angel 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Differences from the preview 
 6   Errors 
 
 
 Summary 
 The duel between Playmaker and Blue Angel gets underway, with Blue Angel having the first turn. Upon Special Summoning " Trickstar Lilybell ", Blue Angel thinks to herself that  Akira  cannot treat her like a little girl, and she'll prove it by defeating Playmaker. At the time Blue Angel begins to  Link Summon  " Trickstar Holly Angel ", Akira himself is already stating his disapproval out loud as he watches the duel. At the  Den City  plaza, the  MC  makes his commentary as viewers cheer for Blue Angel. 
 When Playmaker begins his turn by drawing, it triggers the effects of the three " Trickstar " cards Blue Angel has on the field. Playmaker notes this strategy, and suspects it's the reason why the  Knights of Hanoi  showed interest in her. Before starting his Battle Phase, Playmaker takes three  Link Summons  to bring out " Decode Talker ", which the  MC  comments on. During the Battle Phase, Playmaker loses "Decode Talker" to a battle trap. At around the same time this happens, a  familiar face  snoops on the duel from a nearby building. Blue Angel tells Playmaker that dueling is "her life". Just after Playmaker ends his turn,  Ai  claims to sense the smell of Hanoi in Blue Angel's deck, to which Playmaker responds that A.I.'s can't smell, but nevertheless, Playmaker agrees that he senses Hanoi's presence. 
 When Blue Angel draws to start her next turn, Ai tells Playmaker to look. Blue Angel suddenly gasps after being hit with the aura emanating from the card she drew. Playmaker knows clearly that the card belongs to the Hanoi. Blue Angel ignores it and continues with the duel. At the Hanoi's base,  Varis  comments that Blue Angel has drawn their card, and she herself will belong to them once she plays it. The revived "Lilybell" attacks Playmaker directly and knocks him off his  D-Board . Playmaker manages to grab hold of the side of a building before getting back onto his board. Ai notes that Blue Angel hasn't played the card Hanoi gave her yet, and Playmaker notes that it may require specific timing. Playmaker begins his turn, which triggers the effects of three of Blue Angel's "Trickstars", leaving Playmaker's Life Points at 800. 
 Blue Angel continues to think to herself that Akira can't babysit her anymore. At the same time, Akira is watching a close-up of Blue Angel's eyes, and remembers the day he promised his parents that he would look after Skye. He kept his promise after he became busy with studying and moving up the corporate ladder, so that he would provide Skye with what their parents never gave them. Akira suddenly wonders out loud why Skye is defying her. Before Playmaker makes his move, Blue Angel suddenly hallucinates, and Akira notices to his shock. Ai notes that it must be the power of the Hanoi card. Playmaker knows that he must act quickly. After Playmaker activates " Salvagent Driver 's" effect, Ai reminds Playmaker that his Life Points are low enough to activate his  Skill . Playmaker says he knew that, and sees the  Data Storm  moving from his right. Blue Angel notices Playmaker move ahead of her, into the Data Storm. Playmaker acquires his new  Link Monster . 
 Only when Playmaker moves out of the Data Storm does Blue Angel's A.I. explain Playmaker's Skill to her. Just as  The Gore  learned, Blue Angel realizes Playmaker took damage on purpose in order to trigger his Skill. Blue Angel moves ahead of Playmaker again; Playmaker responds by Link Summoning his new monster - " Encode Talker ". Blue Angel starts to panic out loud. When Playmaker enters his Battle Phase by declaring an attack, Blue Angel responds with her own Skill, "Trickstar Trick", which forces Playmaker to draw three cards, triggering the effects which would claim Blue Angel victory. But, Playmaker reveals his " Defect Compiler 's" effect to protect himself from " Trickstar Lycoris '" effect. Left with no other choice, Blue Angel looks at her hand and finds that the only card left is the tainted one. It puts her in a trance, as Playmaker notices. A voice calls out to Blue Angel to play the card, but Playmaker tells her not to. 
 Unfortunately, Blue Angel does play the card, " Dark Angel ", muttering as she does so. Within the next moment, the power of the card makes Blue Angel recoil in anguish, as noted by Akira.  Naoki Shima  is reprimanded during class for interjecting while seeing the moment unfold on his tablet. Playmaker sees what is happening to Blue Angel, and believes the Knights of Hanoi are controlling her. Blue Angel, with a strained tone of voice, explains "Dark Angel's" effect when it is discarded. As the duel goes on, Playmaker hears Blue Angel's voice become more and more dark, to the point where she lets out a scream once the state of play goes against her. Ai comments that Blue Angel may be trapped in the real world and not wake up. Akira orders his  SOL Technologies  department to suspend the duel immediately. Blue Angel's anguish scares even her fans at the plaza who were watching the duel. By then, Blue Angel stops screaming and kneels on her D-Board with a groan. The impatient Akira is told of an error preventing  LINK VRAINS  from being shut, and in response, an enraged Akira bangs his fist. 
 Playmaker finally makes the winning move. By then, Blue Angel's consciousness has already floated out of her, and she sheds tears as she falls.
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Blue Angel 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a Speed Duel.
 Turn 1: Blue Angel 
 Blue Angel   activates  the  Field Spell Card  " Trickstar Light Stage ". Upon activation, she can  add  a "Trickstar" monster from her  Deck  to her hand. Blue Angel adds " Trickstar Lilybell ". As "Lilybell" was added to Blue Angel's hand using a method other than drawing, Blue Angel activates its effect,  Special Summoning  it (800/2000). She  Normal Summons  " Trickstar Candina " (1800/400). As "Candina" was Normal Summoned, Blue Angel can add a "Trickstar" card from her Deck to her hand. Blue Angel adds " Trickstar Reincarnation ". Blue Angel activates the effect of " Trickstar Lycoris " in her hand, allowing her to return a "Trickstar" monster she controls to her hand to Special Summon "Lycoris". She returns "Candina" to her hand and Special Summons "Lycoris" in  Defense Position  (1600/1200). Blue Angel activates " Trickstar Vision ", allowing her to Special Summon a "Trickstar" monster from her hand with its  ATK  halved and effects negated, then both players  draw a card . Blue Angel Special Summons "Candina" ("Candina": 1800 → 900/400). As a card(s) was added to  Playmaker 's hand, the effect of "Lycoris" inflicts 200  damage  to him for each card (Playmaker: 4000 → 3800 LP). As a "Trickstar" monster inflicted damage, "Light Stage" inflicts 200 more damage to Playmaker (Playmaker: 3800 → 3600 LP).
 Blue Angel uses "Candina" and "Lilybell" to  Link Summon  " Trickstar Holly Angel " (2000/LINK-2/↙↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . Blue Angel  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
Playmaker draws. As he added a card to his hand, "Lycoris" inflicts 200 damage for each card and "Light Stage" inflicts 200 more damage (Playmaker: 3600 → 3400 → 3200 LP). As a "Trickstar" monster inflicted effect damage to Playmaker, the effect of "Holly Angel" activates, increasing its ATK equal to that damage ("Holly Angel": 2000 → 2200) until the  End Phase . Playmaker Normal Summons " Draconnet " (1400/1200). As "Draconnet" was Normal Summoned, Playmaker activates its effect, allowing him to Special Summon a Level 2 or lower  Normal Monster  from his hand or Deck in Defense Position. Playmaker Special Summons " Bitron " (200/2000).
 Playmaker uses "Bitron" to Link Summon " Link Spider " (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. Playmaker activates the effect of "Link Spider", letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from his hand to the Link Point of "Link Spider". Playmaker Special Summons a second copy of "Bitron" (200/2000). Playmaker uses "Bitron" and "Draconnet" to Link Summon " Link Bumper " (1400/LINK-2/←↑) to the Link Point of "Link Spider". Playmaker uses "Link Spider" and "Link Bumper" to Link Summon " Decode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/↙↑↘) to the Extra Monster Zone.
 "Decode Talker" attacks "Holly Angel", but Blue Angel activates her  face-down  "Trickstar Reincarnation", banishing all cards in Playmaker's hand, then Playmaker draws the same number of cards. Four cards are banished, so Playmaker draws four cards. The effect of "Lycoris" inflicts 200 damage for each card added to Playmaker's hand, then "Light Stage" inflicts 200 more (Playmaker: 3200 → 2400 → 2200 LP) ("Holly Angel": 2200 → 3000). Playmaker activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Security Block ", allowing him to prevent a  Cyberse  monster from being  destroyed by battle  this turn and preventing both players from taking  battle damage  this turn. Playmaker targets "Decode Talker". The attack continues and neither monster is destroyed. Blue Angel activates her face-down " Trickstar Scatter " as a "Trickstar" monster battled this turn, allowing Blue Angel to destroy a monster on the field. She destroys "Decode Talker". As a Cyberse  Link Monster  was destroyed by a card effect, Playmaker Special Summons " Salvagent Driver " (2200/2100) in Defense Position by its own effect.
 Turn 3: Blue Angel 
Blue Angel draws " Dark Angel ". Blue Angel activates the effect of "Trickstar Reincarnation" from her  GY , banishing it to Special Summon a "Trickstar" monster from her Graveyard. She Special Summons "Lilybell" in  Attack Position  (800/2000). The effect of "Lilybell" allows it to attack directly (Playmaker: 2200 → 1400 LP). As a "Trickstar" monster inflicted battle damage, "Light Stage" inflicts 200 more damage (Playmaker: 1400 → 1200 LP). As "Lilybell" inflicted battle damage to Playmaker, Blue Angel activates its effect, allowing her to add a "Trickster" monster from her Graveyard to her hand. She adds "Candina".
 Turn 4: Playmaker 
Playmaker draws and takes 200 damage from both "Lycoris" and "Light Stage" (Playmaker: 1200 → 1000 → 800 LP) ("Holly Angel": 2000 → 2200). Playmaker Normal Summons " Defect Compiler " (1000/1000). Playmaker activates the effect of "Salvagent Driver", discarding a Spell Card to Special Summon a Cyberse monster from his GY. Playmaker discards " Cynet Universe ", and Special Summons "Link Bumper" (1400/LINK-2/←↑).
 At this point, Playmaker enters the Data Storm. Playmaker activates his  Skill  "Storm Access", which allows him to randomly access a card from a  Data Storm  when his LP is 1000 or less. Playmaker obtains " Encode Talker " and adds it to his  Extra Deck .
 Playmaker uses "Salvagent Driver" and "Link Bumper" to Link Summon "Encode Talker" (2300/LINK-3/↑↓↘) to his Extra Monster Zone. "Defect Compiler" attacks "Lilybell". Playmaker activates the Quick-Play Spell " Frontline Disturbance ", targeting 1 Level 4 or lower monster Blue Angel controls. When that monster leaves the field, Playmaker can place 1  Disturbance Counter  on a face-up monster he controls. If that monster battles, Playmaker can remove the  counter  and decrease the ATK of one monster Blue Angel controls equal to the combined DEF of all face-up Defense Position monsters she controls until the End Phase. He targets "Lilybell".
 Blue Angel activates her Skill "Trickstar Trick", allowing her to discard a "Trickstar" card during Playmaker's turn to let Playmaker draw until he has 3 cards in his hand. The effect of "Lycoris" would inflict 600 damage to Playmaker, but the effect of "Compiler" allows Playmaker to put a  Defect Counter  on "Defect Compiler" instead ("Defect Compiler" Defect Counters: 0 → 1). The attack continues, but Blue Angel activates the effect of " Dark Angel " in her hand as a  Fairy  monster she controls is targeted for an attack, Tributing that monster and sending "Dark Angel" from her hand to her GY to change the attack target to another monster she controls and increasing that monster's ATK by the ATK of the Tributed monster's. Blue Angel Tributes "Lilybell" and changes the attack target to "Holly Angel" ("Holly Angel": 2200 → 3000). As "Lilybell" left the field, Playmaker places a Disturbance Counter on "Encode Talker" by the effect of "Frontline Disturbance" ("Encode Talker" Disturbance Counters: 0 → 1). The attack continues, but Playmaker activates the effect of "Encode Talker" as a monster that it points to is attacking, preventing "Defect Compiler" from being destroyed by battle and Playmaker taking no battle damage from that battle. After damage calculation, either "Encode Talker" or a card at its Link Point gains ATK equal to the current ATK of Blue Angel's monster. He chooses to increase the ATK of "Encode Talker" by the ATK of "Holly Angel" ("Encode Talker": 2300 → 5300). Playmaker activates the effect of "Defect Compiler", removing a Defect Counter from it to increase the ATK of a Cyberse monster he controls by 800. He targets "Encode Talker" ("Defect Compiler" Defect Counters: 1 → 0; "Encode Talker": 5300 → 6100).
 "Encode Talker" attacks "Holly Angel". Playmaker removes the Disturbance Counter on "Encode Talker" to decrease the ATK of "Holly Angel" by the DEF of all Defense Position monsters Blue Angel controls. "Lycoris" is in Defense Position, so "Holly Angel" loses ATK equal to its DEF ("Encode Talker" Disturbance Counters: 1 → 0; "Holly Angel": 3000 → 1800). The attack continues and "Holly Angel" is destroyed (Blue Angel: 4000 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bitron  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Defect Compiler 
 Draconnet 
 Salvagent Driver Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Encode Talker 
 Link Bumper 
 Link Spider Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Universe 
 Frontline Disturbance 
 Security Block 
 
 Blue Angel (Skye Zaizen) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Angel 
 Trickstar Candina 
 Trickstar Lilybell 
 Trickstar Lycoris Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Trickstar Holly Angel Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Trickstar Light Stage 
 Trickstar Vision 
 Traps 
 Trickstar Reincarnation 
 Trickstar Scatter 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 นางฟ้าแห่งฮานอย
 
 
 Differences from the preview 
 Blue Angel's bust size was reduced when the episode aired from the preview. 
 Errors 
 In the English dub, when Blue Angel summons "Candina" with "Trickstar Vision", she says that she has to cut "Candina's" Life Points in half rather than Attack Points. 
 In the original version, during the scene where "Defect Complier" is attacking "Trickstar Lilybell", "Defect Complier" is seen with the color scheme of a Token Monster instead of an Effect Monster. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Vrains_007.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170621121159', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/Blueangelvplaymaker.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20170615000002', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes