Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_200


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 200 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 動きだした闇のバクラ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Ugokidashita Yami no Bakura 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Dark Bakura on the Move 
 
 
 English 
 Spiritual Awakening 
 
 
 Number 
 200 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 14, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 22, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " 
 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " 
 
 
 
 

" Spiritual Awakening ", known as " Dark Bakura on the Move " in the Japanese version, is the two-hundredth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  second series anime . It first aired in Japan on April 14, 2004 and in the United States on October 22, 2005.
 After having a confrontation with  Yami Yugi  and discussing their pasts,  Yami Bakura  challenges  Seto Kaiba  to a  Duel . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yami Bakura vs. Seto Kaiba 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yugi Muto  confronts  Bakura Ryou , who scolds him for almost letting  Weevil Underwood  and  Rex Raptor  run off with the  Egyptian God  cards. Yugi checks that they're still in the box along with the  Millennium Items . Bakura tells him that he'll eventually return the  Millennium Ring  he has taken. This causes Yugi to realize he is talking to Bakura's dark personality. 
 Yugi wonders how much  Yami Bakura  knows about the Millennium Items: Yugi so-far knows that, somewhere in Egypt, within an underground temple, there's a "Tablet of the Pharaoh's Memories" in which the 7 Millennium Items must be gathered. He questions aloud if Yami Bakura knows what'll happen once they're gathered. Yami Bakura identifies its location in the village of " Kul Elna ". It's a relic, or artifact, which links the living world and the afterlife. When the Items are place there, he states that "the Door of the Realm of the Dead shall open." He inwardly thinks that his "true goal" lies beyond it. Yugi assumes that its opening shall allow the Pharaoh's soul to go back there. Yami Bakura congratulates him and claims he'll help him.
 Suddenly,  Yami Yugi  comes out and demands to know his intentions. When pressed for an answer, he acknowledges being the same as Yami: a soul sealed in the Millennium Ring for 5,000 years. Yami demands of him to reveal his true nature, but Yami Bakura claims having forgotten it as well. It may be that the answer is the Pharaoh's World of Memories.  He then suggests settling their pending scores in a more suitable arena; the World of Memories. Yami Yugi questions him more, and Yami Bakura states that if they peel through the layers of enigma surrounding Yami's heart, they'll reach his "World of Memories" and, then, the "Ultimate Dark Game" will take place. He goes on saying that Yami Yugi "began" it, so that's why they must end it. Yami Yugi thinks about it and then accepts the challenge. Yami Bakura looks pleased: he claims that, once the "door of memories" is opened, the Game will begin. He's looking forward to it. While walking off, he thinks that he must make some "preparations" to win the "Ultimate Dark Game".
 Later,  Seto Kaiba  is working extra hours in his office when the lights go out and Yami Bakura shows up on the computer's monitor. Yami Bakura lifts   Mokuba  off the ground by the collar of his vest and throws him to the ground. Yami Bakura then challenges Seto to a Duel before the monitor shuts off. Kaiba changes into his  Battle City  clothing and goes out into the roof, where he finds Mokuba's body. He sets him apart and the Duel begins.
 Yami Bakura displays an intriguing Deck which seems to be themed around the ancient Egypt era's rituals. He uses a Monster named " Diabound Kernel " to steal the  Burst Stream of Destruction  attack of a " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", which he claims is the only thing which can stand up to the Gods. Seto then experiences a vision similar to the ones he had during the  Battle City Finals .
 When dawn begins to emerge, Yami Bakura announces that he must be going: he hands Kaiba the  Millennium Eye  and asks him if he wants to learn more about the bond he shares with "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". He then departs the scene.
 Yugi is ready to depart but his friends catch up with him again: they won't let him go alone. They climb a plane and head towards Egypt.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Bakura vs. Seto Kaiba 
 Turn 1: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse " The Earl of Demise " with " Headless Knight " in order to Fusion Summon " The Duke of Demise " (2000/1700) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Seto Kaiba 
Seto draws " Vorse Raider " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1900/1200) in  Attack Position . He then activates " Shrink " to halve the  ATK  of Bakura's "The Duke of Demise" ("The Duke of Demise": 2000 → 1000/1700). "Vorse Raider" attacks "The Duke of Demise". Due to the effect of "The Duke of Demise", it can't be destroyed in battle ( Bakura  4000 → 3100). On Seto's End Phase, the effect of "Shrink" expires ("The Duke of Demise": 1000 → 2000/1700).
 Turn 3: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. On Yami Bakura's Standby Phase, he pays 500 Life Points to keep "The Duke of Demise" in play ( Bakura  3100 → 2600). Yami Bakura then Tributes "The Duke of Demise" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Diabound Kernel " (1800/1200) in  Attack Position . He then activates " Spirit Illusion ", equipping it to "Diabound Kernel" and  Special Summoning  a " Doppelganger Token " with the same ATK, DEF, Level, Attribute, Type and effects as "Diabound Kernel" ("Doppelganger Token": ? → 1800/? → 1200). 
 Yami Bakura then activates the effect of "Doppelganger Token", equipping him to Seto's "Vorse Raider" and reducing its ATK by the original ATK of the Doppelganger Token ("Vorse Raider": 1900 → 100/1200). "Diabound Kernel" then attacks & destroys Seto's "Vorse Raider" ( Seto  4000 → 2300). Since the monster that the Doppelganger Token was equipped to was destroyed in battle, the Token's second effect activates, allowing Yami Bakura to Special the "Doppelganger Token" to his side of the Field (1800/1200) in  Attack Position . Yami Bakura then Sets a Card.
 Turn 4: Seto Kaiba 
Seto draws. He then Normal Summons " Lord of Dragons " (1200/1100) in  Attack Position . Due to this card's effect, none of Seto's face-up Dragon-type monsters can be targeted by the effects of Yami Bakura's Spell Cards, Trap Cards, and Effect Monster effects. Seto then activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon " to  Special Summon  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) from his  hand  in  Attack Position . 
 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks Bakura's "Diabound Kernel", but Yami Bakura activates his face-down " Spirit Shield ". Now when a monster Seto controls declares an attack, Yami Bakura can remove from play a Fiend or Zombie-Type Monster from his Graveyard to end the Battle Phase. If there are no Fiend or Zombie-type monsters in Bakura's Graveyard, "Spirit Shield" will be destroyed. Yami Bakura then activates the effect of "Spirit Shield" by removing the "Headless Knight" in his  Graveyard  from play. Kaiba then Sets a Card.
 Turn 5: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards (one of which is "Grief Tablet"). Yami Bakura then activates " Grief Tablet " and equips it to Seto's "Lord of Dragons". Now the equipped monster cannot Attack or change its  Battle Position  and its Effects are Negated. In addition, if "Grief Tablet" is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Seto will receive 500 Damage. 
 Yami Bakura then activates the first effect of "Doppelganger Token", equipping him to Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and reducing its ATK by the original ATK of the Doppelganger Token ("Blue-Eyes White Dragon": 3000 → 1200/2500). "Diabound Kernel" attacks Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but Seto activates his face-down " Attack Guidance Armor " to redirect the attack to "Lord of Dragons". "Diabound Kernel" destroys "Lord of Dragons" ( Seto  2300 → 1700). The second effect of Yami Bakura's "Grief Tablet" activates ( Seto  1700 → 1200). Yami Bakura Sets two Cards.
 Turn 6: Seto Kaiba 
Seto draws " Card of Demise " and subsequently activates it to draw until he has five Cards in his hand (since he had one card, he draws four cards). Five turns after the activation of "Card of Demise", Seto must discard his entire hand during his Standby Phase. Seto then activates " Soul Release " to remove from play "The Earl of Demise" and "The Duke of Demise" from Bakura's Graveyard. Since there are no more Fiend or Zombie-type monsters in Bakura's  Graveyard , "Spirit Shield" is destroyed. Seto then activates " Silent Doom " to  Special Summon  "Vorse Raider" (1900/1200) from his  Graveyard  in  Defense Position . He then Tributes "Vorse Raider" and his weakened "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in order to Tribute Summon another "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (3000/2500) in  Attack Position . 
 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks & destroys "Diabound Kernel" ( Bakura  2600 → 1400). Yami Bakura then activates his face-down " Rebirth Tablet " to  Special Summon  "Diabound Kernel" (1800/1200) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . Yami Bakura then activates his face-down " Mirror Tablet " to increase the ATK of "Diabound Kernel" by half the  original ATK  of Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (the one that destroyed " Diabound Kernel " this Turn and is currently on the Field) ("Diabound Kernel": 1800 → 3300/1200) (NOTE: in the English Dub, the Effect of "Mirror Tablet" is wrongly translated to target the Monster Seto  Tributed  earlier this Turn; in the original Japanese, the correct target is identified as Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" currently on the Field) and force "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and "Diabound Kernel" to battle. "Diabound Kernel" then destroys Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" ( Seto  1200 → 900) (NOTE: by destroying Seto's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", Bakura's "Diabound Kernel" is able to gain Blue-Eyes's  Burst Stream of Destruction  Attack, said to rival that of the Gods. Bakura would later transfer that ability to his  Diabound  and use the attack against  the Nameless Pharaoh 's Mystical Beasts Monsters during the  Ultimate Dark Game  ( Yami No Game  in Japanese)). Seto then activates " Monster Reborn " to  Special Summon  one of his "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" (3000/2500) from the  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . 
 At this point, Yami Bakura leaves, ending the Duel with no result.
 
 Trivia 
 This episode marks Kaiba's last Duel of the series. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Jack's Knight 
 Summoned Skull 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berfomet  (Dub) 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Command Angel  (Dub) 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kuriboh 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Watapon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Card of Sanctity 
 De-Fusion  (Dub) 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 
 Kaiba's briefcase Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Vorse Raider  x2 
 X-Head Cannon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des  (Dub) 
 Different Dimension Dragon 
 Kaiser Glider 
 Lord of Dragons 
 Spear Dragon 
 Union monsters 
 Pitch-Dark Dragon 
 Y-Dragon Head 
 Z-Metal Tank 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of White Dragon Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragon Master Knight 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon 
 Cost Down 
 De-Fusion  (Dub) 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Negate Attack 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Shrink 
 Silent Doom 
 Soul Absorption 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon 
 Traps 
 Attack Guidance Armor 
 Cloning 
 Magical Trick Mirror 
 Ring of Destruction 
 
 Yami Bakura Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Headless Knight 
 The Earl of Demise 
 Effect Monsters 
 Diabound Kernel Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 The Duke of Demise [Notes 1] Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Grief Tablet 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spirit Illusion 
 Traps 
 Mirror Tablet 
 Rebirth Tablet 
 Spirit Shield 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord of Dragons Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Card of Demise 
 Monster Reborn 
 Shrink 
 Silent Doom 
 Soul Release 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon 
 Traps 
 Attack Guidance Armor 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Spell Sanctuary 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was given a  Effect Monster  card layout, but it should have a  Fusion Monster  card layout. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Yugioh200.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071017213907']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes