Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_106


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 十代 と 宝玉獣 デッキのヨハン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jūdai to Hōgyokujū Dekki no Yohan 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Judai and Johan of the Gem Beast Deck 
 
 
 English 
 A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 106 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 11, 2006 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 April 14, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Teardrop ティアドロップ" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Sun 太陽" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Third Time's A Charm " 
 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Jewel of a Duel: Part 1 ", known as " Judai and Johan of the Gem Beast Deck " in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and sixth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 11, 2006, and in the US on April 14, 2007.
 Jaden Yuki  begins a  Duel  with foreign champion  Jesse Anderson  at the behest of  Thelonious Viper .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden is dreaming when a strange  creature  asks Jaden why he won't play with her. A ship is on its way to dock at  Duel Academy . One of the passengers,  Adrian Gecko  begins recording a voice journal. He states that the ship comfortable, but has only five passengers. Other than himself, there is  Jim Crocodile Cook ,  Thelonious Viper  and  Axel Brodie . He says the latter two rarely leave their rooms. It cuts to Axel, who is polishing one of his cards. He returns it to his Deck and picks up his  Duel Disk  - which appears to double as a gun. Thelonious Viper knocks on his door, and the two discuss the fact that Adrian Gecko seems to be sticking his nose where it doesn't belong. Adrian states that fifth passenger is a "Ghost" and claims that he's not on the ship, despite the fact that he is listed as having boarded.
 At the  Slifer Red  dorm,  Syrus  is looking for  Jaden . Syrus has been promoted to  Obelisk Blue , which  Hassleberry  congratulates him for. Jaden has fallen asleep on Duel Academy's roof. He's having a dream, in which Duel Academy is placed in a vast desert. He sees a group of his friends in the sand, but they appear to have been turned to sand as well. They blow away in the wind and Jaden wakes up screaming. Jaden realizes that it was a dream as  Winged Kuriboh  who woke him up. Just then, another Duel Spirit appears from around the corner. A boy dressed, in what appears to be a modified Obelisk Blue uniform, rounds the corner, and the spirit runs to his shoulder. He reveals that the spirit is  Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle , who he has nicknamed "Ruby". Jaden is surprised that he can see Winged Kuriboh, and the boy responds that he's been able to see Duel Spirits since he was a child. The boy explains he is a transfer student and Jaden was the first person he met since arriving. Syrus and Hassleberry get to the roof and remind Jaden that the opening ceremony is about to start. He runs to follow them before he can find out his new friend's name.
 At the ceremony  Blair Flannigan  recites the academy pledge and winks at Jaden causing  Alexis Rhodes  to feel jealous.  Chancellor Sheppard  then announces that this year, they have invited the top student from each of Duel Academy's foreign branches to the main Academy. He announces each of their names and they come out -  Adrian Gecko  from East Academy,  Axel Brodie  from  West Academy ,  Jim Crocodile Cook  from South Academy and  Jesse Anderson  from  North Academy . However, Jesse does not appear. Upon hearing the name,  Chazz  questions if it's the same Jesse Anderson that has the " Crystal Beast " cards. He reveals that years ago,  his   brothers  had attempted to purchase those cards from  Industrial Illusions  as they were one-of-a-kind. He says the cards were based on  Julius Caesar 's attempt to create a tablet featured seven different gemstones to be used as proof of  Rome 's conquest of much of the world. However, the ship it was on sunk, and  Maximillion Pegasus  eventually created the Crystal Beasts cards upon hearing about it. In addition, the cards were not sold and instead were given to a boy who won a regional tournament.
 The boy that Jaden had met on the roof earlier runs into the room, stating he got lost on his way to the ceremony (In the Japanese version he explains he has no sense of direction whereas in the English version he claims it was because Duel Academy is much bigger than the school he transferred from) and reveals himself to be Jesse Anderson. Sheppard then introduces  Thelonious Viper , who is a teacher at West Academy. Rather than give a speech, Viper opts to simply begin the exhibition match and reveals that he's chosen Jaden and Jesse to be the participants. Viper gives both of them some sort of wristband, that appears to attach to their wrist and seems unremovable. Viper states that the Duel will begin in one hour. Viper is next seen in the  forests  surrounding the Academy. He finds the  lab  where  Wheeler  had been trained and enters it. He removes a  lava lamp -like object from his case, which is filled with some sort of orange liquid.
 Back at the ceremony, the match between Jaden and Jesse has begun. Jaden gains an early advantage, but Jesse reveals the effects of his Crystal Beasts - they remain on the field as  Continuous Spell Cards  after being destroyed in battle.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson 
 Turn 1: Jesse 
Jesse draws " Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle " and subsequently Normal Summons it (600/2000) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ". Jaden's hand contains " Elemental Hero Neos ", " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ", " O - Oversoul ", " Fake Hero ", and " Contact ". Jaden then Normal Summons "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" (600/800) in  Attack Position . He then  activates  the effect of "Aqua Dolphin" to look at Jesse's hand and select one monster in Jesse's hand by discarding "Elemental Hero Neos". Jesse's hand contains " Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat ", "Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle", " Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle ", and " Tempt to the Crystal ". Jaden selects "Ruby Carbuncle" and since Jaden controls "Aqua Dolphin", "Ruby Carbuncle" is destroyed and Jesse takes 500 damage (Jesse 4000 → 3500). 
 Jaden then activates "O - Oversoul" to  Special Summon  "Elemental Hero Neos" (2500/2000) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Since Jaden Special Summoned a monster, Jesse activates his face-down " Triggered Summon " to allow both players to Special Summon a Level 4 or below monster from their hand. Jaden Special Summons "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" (900/300) in Attack Position while Jesse Special Summons " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " (1400/800) in Defense Position. "Neos" attacks and destroys "Emerald Turtle". "Grand Mole" attacks and destroys "Cobalt Eagle". "Aqua Dolphin" attacks directly (Jesse 3500 → 2900). Since "Emerald Turtle" and "Cobalt Eagle" were destroyed while they were in the  Monster Card Zone , their final effects activate, allowing Jesse to place both monsters in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as  Continuous Spell Cards .
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Trivia 
 Due to the duel focusing on Jaden and Jesse talking to their cards, Jaden only used Neos and the  Neo-Spacians , which makes this the only duel where he only summons his Neo Space cards. 
 In the dub, when Jaden destroys "Ruby" from Jesse's hand, he says "That's the way the crystal crumbles"; a play on the expression "That's the way the cookie crumbles." 
 Errors 
 In the dub, when Jaden activates the effect of "Aqua Dolphin", he says that a monster with 300 ATK or less will be sent to the graveyard when in fact it was 600 or less. However, the only monster that fit the requirement was " Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle " with 300 ATK. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Contact 
 Fake Hero 
 O - Oversoul 
 
 Jesse Anderson Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Tempt to the Crystal 
 Traps 
 Triggered Summon 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 3 episodes 
 #105 " Third Time's A Charm " #106 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " #107 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " #108 " Hanging with Axel: Part 1 " #109 " Hanging with Axel: Part 2 " #110 " Primal Instinct " #111 " Head in the Clouds: Part 1 " #112 " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " #113 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " #114 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " #115 " Trapper Keeper, Part 1 " #116 " Trapper Keeper, Part 2 " #117 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 1 " #118 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 2 " #119 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 3 " #120 " Inter-Dimension Detention " #121 " Sub-Desert Duel " #122 " Night of the Living Duelist " #123 " School Ghoul Duels " #124 " Triple Play, Part 1 " #125 " Triple Play, Part 2 " #126 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " #127 " Breaking of the Sacred Seal " #128 " A Dimensional Duel " #129 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 1 " #130 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " #131 " All for One " #132 " A New World Order " #133 " Friend or Fiend " #134 " Dueling With the Dark Army " #135 " Turning the Page, Part 1 " #136 " Turning the Page, Part 2 " #137 " The State of Syrus " #138 " The Darkness Revealed " #139 " A Sight Unseen, Part 1 " #140 " A Sight Unseen, Part 2 " #141 " What Lies Beneath, Part 1 " #142 " What Lies Beneath, Part 2 " #143 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " #144 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 " #145 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " #146 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " #147 " Conquering the Past, Part 2 " #148 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " #149 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 1 " #150 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 2 " #151 " The Power Within, Part 1 " #152 " The Power Within, Part 2 " #153 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 1 " #154 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 2 " #155 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " #156 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2 
 S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/GX_106.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130126174743']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes