Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Alexis_Rhodes_(ARC-V)


 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Alexis Rhodes 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Asuka Tenjoin 
 
 
 Japanese   
 天 上 院   明日 香 天上院 明日香 てんじょういん あすか Rōmaji: ( Tenjōin Asuka ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy  (defected) [1] [2] You Show Duel School [1] [2] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Cyber Girl 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Anna Morrow 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Sanae Kobayashi [1] 
 
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes , known as  Asuka Tenjoin  ( 天 上 院   明日 香   Tenjōin Asuka ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is an alternate universe version of the  Alexis Rhodes  that appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. She is a former student of  Duel Academy  who escaped from the island and co-founded  You Show Duel School  with  Yusho Sakaki .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yusho Sakaki 
 3.2   Zuzu Boyle 
 3.3   Yuri 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Alexis.     
 Alexis has fair skin, hazel eyes, long dark blonde hair that extends halfway down her back and she wears very faint lipstick. Alexis wears a similar outfit to both her  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  incarnation's  Obelisk Blue  uniform and the outfit that her  manga counterpart  sports after graduation; a sleeveless white jacket that reaches the waist with grey-blue edges and pockets on each side; a sleeveless black tank top; grey-blue finger-less gloves with wide cuffs and rectangles cut out over the backs of the hands in addition to white undersections that cover her wrists; a darker blue pleated and less restrictive skirt with a grey-blue lining; and blue boots that are the same design as those her  GX  counterpart wore, but lighter in color. During her debut, she conceals herself in a large dark blue cloak. In her youth she wears a sleeveless white shirt with a pink pad over her chest and shoulders, a pink skirt and a white belt similar to  Tori Meadows ', except with a different colour scheme and white boots. These clothes were then passed on to  Zuzu Boyle .
 
 Personality 
 Alexis is very much like her GX counterpart; a kind and polite individual; selflessly assisting escapees from Duel Academy and taking them to You Show Duel School. She is dedicated to the causes that she fights for; she was prepared to seal Duelists from the Xyz Dimension into cards and personally assists escaped students on the streets. However she balked at the idea of sealing civilians into cards and abandoned Duel Academy as a result.
 Alexis believes in  Yusho Sakaki 's philosophy of bringing smiles with Dueling and in Dueltaining to a degree. After Yusho rescued her, Alexis co-founded You Show Duel School with him and she began to dream of freeing the students of Duel Academy and instructing them in Yusho's ideals.
 
 Abilities 
 Alexis is shown to be very acrobatic. She is capable of leaping from a canal high into the air above the bridge at the top, as seen when she intervened to save  Zuzu Boyle  from  Juvenile Officers  that tried to capture her.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Young Alexis enrolling in  Duel Academy .     
 When Alexis first started at  Duel Academy , she was greeted by others students and became an upstanding honor student. She was also known for defeating all the boys who tried to woo her. [3] 
 While attending Duel Academy, Alexis was not part of the first army to be sent to the  Xyz Dimension , but intended to go there and participate in the invasion when she received the order to. After the first army returned, she talked with a girl who had doubts about the school's plan to  invade other dimensions  and  turn people into cards , even civilians. The girl announced her intention to defect and begged Alexis to come with her, since she didn't want Alexis to commit those horrible acts. Despite her faith in  the Professor , Alexis agreed and they escaped the island on a speedboat. [2]  They were caught by the  Juvenile Officers  and the girl was sealed into a card while trying to protect Alexis. Alexis was rescued by  Yusho Sakaki , and the two later formed  You Show Duel School . Alexis dreamed of wanting to make everyone smiling with Dueling after learning Yusho's philosophies, and she gained some infamy with Duel Academy for defeating their Duelists. [4] [1] 
 
 Heartland City 
       Alexis notices  Zuzu  being chased.     
 A year later, Alexis was riding a gondola through the waterways of the  City  and noticed  Zuzu Boyle  being chased by three  Juvenile Officers . When Zuzu and the Officers were about to start a Duel, she stepped in and commenced a  Battle Royal  with the trio. The three Officers all  Fusion Summoned  " Full Armor Canine - Bullfortress " and boosted their  ATK  to high levels. Alexis questioned this as she activated " Machine Angel Ritual " to  Ritual Summon  " Cyber Angel Vrash ", purged the field of the Juvenile Officers' Fusion Monsters with its effect, and attacked all three directly after dealing  effect damage , winning Alexis the Duel. After the Duel, Alexis introduced herself to Zuzu and brought her to her  Duel School . Alexis explained that its students were all runaways from Duel Academy. Zuzu was surprised that "You Show Duel School" shared its name with the  Duel School  she went to in the  Standard Dimension . Alexis led Zuzu to the office of its owner,  Yusho Sakaki . [1]  Alexis watched Zuzu's reunion with Yusho and looked surprised to learn they knew each other. [5] 
 
         Alexis brings Zuzu to the  You Show Duel School   Headmaster .     
 Alexis listened to Yusho's tale of his past and left fresh clothes for Zuzu after the latter took a shower. She reflected on her exit from Duel Academy and explained to Zuzu about her dream to make everyone smile with Dueling. Two students then arrived with another friend and informed Alexis and Zuzu that Duel Academy had found them while they were trying to defend their friend. Alexis and Zuzu arrived at the harbor too late to prevent a Duelist from Duel Academy  sealing  six students into cards. Zuzu recognized the Duelist as someone who had chased her, and the Duelist introduced himself as  Yuri . He advanced on Alexis and Zuzu, asking Zuzu to come back with him to the Professor. Alexis tried to protect Zuzu, but fortunately  Yugo  arrived, activating  Zuzu's bracelet  and Yuri disappeared, much to Alexis' surprise. She was both surprised and amused when Zuzu smacked Yugo with a paper fan for trying to hug her, and she learned that  Rin ,  Lulu , and  Celina  were captives of Duel Academy. [4] 
 Alexis returned to You Show Duel School with Zuzu and Yugo and she told Yusho that it was time to battle Duel Academy. Yusho agreed and he announced his intention to accompany them, though Alexis didn't want Yusho to push himself. However  Dennis McField  showed up with a squad of soldiers to capture Zuzu, and Alexis was surprised when Dennis revealed he was one of Yusho's students. She asked him how he found them and Dennis explained that he had used eyewitness reports to track them down. He challenged Yusho to a Duel, and Alexis was surprised when Yusho merely  set  a card for his first turn. However the  Trap Card , " Miraculous Hats " distracted Dennis long enough for Alexis to help Yusho escape underground. [6] 
 Alexis and Yusho boarded a ship to Duel Academy, and Yusho wanted Alexis to disembark so he could face Leo alone. Dennis caught up with them and Alexis challenged him to a Duel. Dennis refused, as he wanted to defeat Yusho, however,  Kite , another of Yusho's former students, arrived to Duel Dennis instead. Before the Duel, Alexis asked Yusho if it was okay for Kite to Duel Dennis. After Kite defeated Dennis, she watched everyone applaud both Duelists for their Duel. Dennis revealed the locations of Lulu and Rin in the Eastern and Western Towers of Duel Academy, and Alexis watched in shock as he sealed himself into a card. [7] 
 
         Yugo  pressures Alexis to tell him the whereabouts of  Rin .     
 Alexis arrived at Duel Academy with Yusho and Kite, wondering if they were in a trap when there were no Duel Academy soldiers waiting for them. When Yugo appeared before them, Alexis wondered how did he arrived before they did and learned that Zuzu's bracelet sent him. She told Yugo they were at Duel Academy and they know where Rin is. She told him that Rin is at the Eastern Tower and prepared to go see Leo with Yusho while Kite went to the Western Tower to free Lulu. [8]  Along the way they met up with  Declan ,  Riley , and  Sora  but were confronted by Yuri. [9] 
 Alexis tackled Yuri into the wall, while Sora lowered the automatic defense gates in order for the others to escape. Alexis told Yusho to continue on to the Professor while she held Yuri off. She was surprised to learn that Yuri had an "Honor Student Deck"; Yuri asked her if he should use it or his "Predaplant" Deck. Alexis angrily told him to just use the Deck he was accustomed to, but Yuri chose to use the "Honor Student Deck" instead. Alexis Ritual Summoned two " Cyber Angel Natasha " on her first turn to increase her  LP , and Yuri criticized her strategy until Alexis revealed that the effects of "Natasha" also created an attack lock. She was surprised to see that Yuri didn't know the Honor Student Deck and thought he was making mistakes when he destroyed his own cards. However, to Alexis's shock, Yuri  Tribute Summoned  " Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon ", which broke through Alexis's attack lock and destroyed her two "Natasha". Alexis revived "Natasha" and took control of "Reactor Dragon" with its effect, prompting Yuri to call her evil for stealing his monster. Alexis retorted that Yuri was evil as well for robbing important friends from them. Using the effect of "Natasha" to increase her LP, Alexis attempted to defeat Yuri with "Reactor Dragon", but Yuri used " Unfinished Ancient Gear " to Special Summon " Ancient Gear Golem " to protect himself. Alexis then used " Fusion Destruction " to banish the three " Polymerizations " in Yuri's Deck to inflict damage for each one, causing Yuri to break down at her "thefts". Alexis tried to convince Yuri that they could be friends now that they felt the same pain, but to her shock, Yuri revealed that sealing everyone into cards made him happy because it proved he was the strongest. Alexis was surprised when Yuri revealed that he modified the Honor Student Deck by adding " Super Polymerization ", which he'd had in his hand from the start of the Duel, and he used its power to Fusion Summon with monsters from her field and prevent her from using the effect of "Fusion Destruction". Yuri Fusion Summoned " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem " and defeated Alexis, sealing her into a  card  after vowing that he would seal everyone in the world into cards. [3] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Following the battle against  Z-ARC , Alexis was freed from her  card  and she supported  Leo  as he continued to attempt to revive his daughter  Ray Akaba .  Shay Obsidian  arrived and attempted to enter Leo's chambers, and Alexis tried to stop him from disturbing Leo.  Sora  and  Yuya Sakaki  arrived, and Yuya challenged Shay to a Duel and explained who Ray was to him. Shay refused Yuya's challenge, and Alexis and Sora realized that Shay wouldn't believe their words, so Sora asked Alexis to let Shay in. Alexis asked Shay not to disturb Leo, but Shay shoved her out of the way and approached Leo, asking where his sister  Lulu  was. Alexis listened as Leo explained that Lulu had disappeared and  Zuzu  would be revived in the place of Ray's fragments. To Alexis's horror, Shay attempted to punch Leo, but Leo accepted Shay's hatred and blamed himself for what had happened to the girls. Shay stood down and accepted Yuya's challenge. Alexis and Sora watched the Duel, shocked at Shay's capability to  Rank-Up  " Revolution Falcon " into the  Rank 12  " Raidraptor - Final Fortress Falcon ". Yuya eventually won the Duel, and Alexis mused on Duels with smiles. As Yuya and Shay announced their belief that the other fragments of Z-ARC and Ray were still alive,  Jack Atlas  declared from a nearby balcony that Yuya couldn't save them as he was now. [10] 
 Alexis listened to Sora and Shay wondering why Yuya was afraid and Jack explained that Yuya was afraid of using the  Four Dimension Dragons  for fear of integrating with them again. Alexis learned that Shay and  Dennis ' Duels with Yuya didn't make  Riley Akaba  react and she was surprised when the  Multiverse Speedway  activated throughout the  Four Dimensions .  Crow Hogan  brought Yuya his  Duel Runner  and Turbo suit, and Alexis watched her first  Turbo Duel  with Crow, Sora, and Shay. She was worried when Yuya was pushed into a corner. [11]  When Sora explained " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 's" power to Crow, Alexis mentioned how  Yuri  used it to card many Duelists. She bump fists with Sora when Yuya won and watched his Duel with  Declan . [12]  Alexis was surprised at how pure " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon " was when Yuya Fusion Summoned it. She was also surprised when Yuya destroyed " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " on purpose and explained his true intentions. She was surprised when Xyz Summoned " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " and when Declan survived Yuya's attack. She watched Yuya and Declan gather action cards to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ". Alexis was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by Ray to witness her revival as Zuzu and was surprised to see Celina's spirit revived as well. [13] 
 
 Relationships 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 One year prior to the events of the series, Alexis was rescued by Yusho from the Juvenile Officers for her defection from Duel Academy. As a result, he taught her his Dueltainting philosophy and together, they opened  You Show Duel School . Alexis then began recruiting other Duel Academy students who ran away and teaching them how to have fun when dueling.
 When Yusho decided to confront  Leo Akaba , Alexis helped and accompanied him on the voyage to Duel Academy. When they were confronted by Yuri, Alexis held him back while Yusho escaped with Declan and Riley, showing she was willing to put her own safety over his.
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 They first met when Zuzu was surrounded by three Juvenile Officers, Alexis dueled them in her place, defending her despite not knowing who she was. [1]  After bringing her to You Show Duel School, Alexis explained to Zuzu how she met Yusho and how she became determined and inspired to uphold his philosophy to entertain everyone with dueling. Zuzu, wanting to do the same, agreed to help Alexis bring her dream into reality. [14] 
 After the failure of the  Arc Project  and the Standard Dimension's rebirth into the "Pendulum Dimension", Alexis learned of Zuzu's part and fate within both events, but nonetheless believed she could be revived. She would later watch Yuya defeat Declan and be brought to the Pendulum Dimension to witness Ray's revival as Zuzu.
 
 Yuri 
 When they first met, Yuri's sadistic attitude, coupled with how Zuzu described him, immediately made him her enemy. After he later confronted her, along with, Declan Akaba, Riley Akaba, Sora Perse and Yusho at Duel Academy, Alexis held Yuri back with Sora's help while the others escaped and challenged him to a duel. During the duel, Yuri revealed to her how he was shunned by the other students of Duel Academy because of his strength while she was praised for hers. When Alexis pushed him to the brink of losing, she offered to stop saying they could now be friends; unfortunately for Alexis, Yuri not only rejected her offer, he stated he was happy carding people under the belief it proved his strength, proceeding to brutally defeat and card her.
 During Yuya's Duel against Jack Atlas, Alexis remembered how Yuri used "Starving Venom Fusion Dragon" to defeat and card many Duelists. As Yuya dueled Declan and used "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" and "Starving Venom" to  Fusion Summon  "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon", Alexis called it pure. After Yuya won and Alexis was brought to the Pendulum Dimension, she saw Yuri's spirit resonate within Yuya when Celina's spirit was revived, seeing he was now at peace.
 
 Deck 
 As with her  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  counterpart, Alexis uses a  " Cyber Girl " Deck . While presumably she originally used  Fusion Summoning  like her fellow students, she refuses to use it due to her enmity with  Duel Academy  and instead her Deck focuses on  Ritual Summoning . Likewise, her deck contains several  Fusion   anti-support  cards, such as " Cyber Angel Vrash " and " Fusion Destruction ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Prima 
 Cyber Tutubon 
 Etoile Cyber 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Natasha  x2 
 Cyber Angel Vrash Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fusion Destruction 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Polymerization 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Duel Academy  students 
 123 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 3  Juvenile Officers 
 103 
 Win
 
 
 Yuri 
 123 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Alexis has the following distinctions from  the   other   alternate   counterparts  to existing characters in  ARC-V :
 She is the only one to be female. 
 She is the only one who did not Duel against either  Yuya Sakaki  or  Z-ARC . 
 She is the only one to not use the  summoning method  of the  dimension  she originated from onscreen. 
 Alexis is one of two characters in the  ARC-V  anime to utilize a Deck based around  Ritual Summoning ; the other being  Aura Sentia . 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters" . TVTokyo.com .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_2.html . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 123: " 123 Fusion Destruction " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 114: " All Duel Hands on Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 
 v e 
 Alexis Rhodes  (Asuka Tenjoin) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/AlexisRhodes%28ArcV%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160501160208', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/FullAlexisRhodes%28ArcV%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160319090744', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/Young_Alexis_in_Duel_Academy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160918092446', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Alexis_Under_The_Hood.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160505015335', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/Alexis_Beings_Zuzu_to_You_Show.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160505015436', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Yugo_Pressures_Alexis.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928145301']
Categories: Characters, Alexis Rhodes pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters