Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Episode_112


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 純真なる決闘者！ ｢先史遺産｣始動！！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Junshin-naru Dyuerisuto! Ōpātsu Shidō!! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 A Pure-Hearted Duelist! Start Up the OOPArts!! 
 
 
 English 
 Memory Thief: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 112 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 14, 2013 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 May 31, 2014 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Dual-ism of Mirrors " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " GO WAY GO WAY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Halfway to Forever " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Storyboard 
 Gill Bo No 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " 
 " Memory Thief: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Memory Thief: Part 1 ", known as " A Pure-Hearted Duelist! Start Up the OOPArts!! " in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and twelfth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 14, 2013 and in the United States on May 31, 2014.
 Yuma  is moping about in despair now that  Astral  disappeared. The  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club  decides to investigate the  Barians , hoping it'll cause Yuma to return to his usual self. However a mysterious man named  Erazor , summoned by a revitalized  Don Thousand  steals everyone's memories! Erazor challenges Yuma to a Duel, with their stolen memories and " Numbers " on the line! Can Yuma finally win on his own without Astral at his side and who is it that holds out a helping hand to the now bearish Yuma?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Erazor vs. Unknown Duelist 
 2.2   Yuma Tsukumo and Trey vs. Erazor 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Inside the attic  at his home ,  Yuma  mopes about  Astral 's disappearance and weeps under his blanket.  Kari  calls out to him to get down already (in the dub, she threatens to call Bronk to eat Yuma's lunch). He does not respond.  Tori  is next to Kari, concerned. She asks Kari if Yuma is still depressed. Kari says she did not know what happened, but Yuma had confined himself in his room for several days now. Food and drinks were left for him downstairs, untouched. Back upstairs, Yuma stares at his Deck. He remembers Astral disappearing right in front of him after the Duel against  Number 96 . Tears filling his eyes, Yuma mutters Astral's name.
 Meanwhile, in the  Barian World , Vector enters  Don Thousand's palace  and asks why  Thousand  brought him here. Thousand replies that this is his palace, where only those who ruled the Barian World could enter (in the dub, Vector says the palace suits someone as powerful as Thousand, while Thousand replies that those who are invited should consider it an honor). Vector complains that the place is run-down (in the dub, Vector agrees with Thousand, adding that he is unsure of his worthiness), only to stop to see a throne perched on a staircase, along with an orb of dark energy. Surprised, Vector teleports in front of the orb and Thousand says these are the remains of Number 96. Thousand says Astral was not able to absorb Number 96; therefore, Number 96's power returned to Thousand. Vector questions him on how this can be and Thousand says Number 96 is part of him. The Barian deity explains that he took part of his power and left it in Astral. Vector mutters that it makes sense now. Thousand commands Vector to obtain the sealed "Number". Vector places a hand on Number 96's remains and absorbs it. His circulatory system illuminating briefly, Vector yells in pain (Vector's original red veins are recolored blue in the dub). When it is over, Vector is cloaked in a dark aura, marvelling at the power he obtained (in the dub, Vector also asks what Thousand did to him; Thousand replies that he turned Vector into the ultimate warrior). He decides to use this power to defeat Yuma once and for all, but Thousand stops him by gripping his heart. He tells Vector to be patient, as his aura leaves Vector and takes a seat on the throne. Vector thinks Thousand left his body; from the throne, Thousand tells Vector it is not the time to attack Yuma yet, as they have other things to do. Several floor panels open and a  strange-looking device emerges . Vector wonders what that thing is, and Thousand explains he will use it to fuse the human and Barian Worlds together. Vector asks if this is possible and Thousand confirms it (in the dub, Thousand threatens to make Vector suffer if he questioned his authority again). Vector agrees, and Thousand tells him that for the device to work, it needs more power, enough to destroy the  Astral World . He adds that they must amplify the evil in the human world and Barian Worlds to increase his strength significantly. To accomplish this, more Fusionizers must be produced. The device in front of them already has plenty of power. Vector deduces that this is why Thousand needed Number 96's power. Thousand tells Vector that he will concentrate on making more devices and he will entrust Vector with another task. Vector protests, but Thousand says he knows - their bodies and souls are one and Vector cannot leave the palace. He grants Vector  four "Number" cards  and orders Vector to come to the throne. As Vector climbs the stairs, Thousand asks if Vector enjoys employing people with bad intentions. The cards disappear into Vector and he sits on the throne, exhausted. Suddenly, tentacles extend from the throne and bind Vector to it. The tentacles transform into a set of armor, preventing Vector from leaving. He screams in agony.
 Back at Yuma's house, Yuma sobs while laying on his hammock. He mutters why Astral had to leave him. He turns over and looks at his Deck. Yuma mutters that Kari was right; he shouldn't have continued Dueling (in the dub, Yuma also wishes he had never heard of the "Number" cards). He wouldn't have to deal with these painful memories if he stopped Dueling. Yuma decides to be rid of the "Number" cards as he picks up his Deck in an attempt to destroy it. Before the blow can be dealt, Astral's voice echoes in Yuma's mind. Yuma recalls Astral telling him to protect the "Numbers". In tears, he remembers the promise he made to Astral; even then, he is unsure on what to do.
 The next morning, in the hospital,  Rio  is still unconscious.  Shark  is on her bedside. Tori knocks on the door and comes in with a bouquet of flowers as a get well gift. Shark tells her to leave it on the table. Tori tells Shark that since Astral left, Yuma was depressed. Shark interrupts her, telling her he is not in the mood to talk to him. Tori admits this is true, since Rio is still not well. Tori excuses herself and leaves. Once Tori is outside, Shark wonders what he should say to Yuma (in the dub, Shark also questions on whether he is truly a Barian).
 At Thousand's palace,  Mr. Heartland  yells his signature "Fly Burning!" catchphrase. He says he came to Vector just as he asked. Vector scolds Heartland for being late. Heartland notices the set of armor binding Vector to his throne and wonders why Vector has it. Before Heartland can continue, Vector grabs Heartland, encasing him in energy. This transforms Heartland back into his human form, albeit without any clothes (only the first shot of the naked Heartland is retained in the dub; the others were cut). Glowing with a magenta aura, Heartland thanks "Lord" Vector for turning him back. Vector gives Heartland an assignment in return for turning him back to a human. Heartland gladly agrees and dons a white suit. Vector gives Heartland a card, telling him to use it to take Yuma's "Numbers". When Heartland looks at it, he exclaims that it is " Number 1 " and cannot believe that Vector would give him a valuable card (in the original, the number is the only glimpse of the card; in the dub, its full artwork can be seen). Vector also gives Heartland subordinates to help him. Three cloaked figures appear behind them. Heartland recognizes them and one of the figures steps forward. He chuckles and says the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World  is teaming up again. Then he throws off his cloak, revealing himself as  Erazor . Heartland is surprised that Erazor is working for him again. He kneels down to Vector and says they will not fail him. He and Erazor disappear.
 In the human world, Yuma's friends are having a party at his house. Tori eats a homemade chicken nugget. She exclaims it is delicious and offers the rest of the chicken nuggets to her friends.  Cathy  interrupts Tori and presents her special cat rice to the group, to Tori's chagrin.  Bronk  holds up a new  Number Club  badge that he made for the group to see; he says he made enough for everyone.  Flip  reaches into his pockets and pulls out several rare cards that he obtained with his sneaky tricks.  Caswell  shows the group exemption tickets from the classroom cleaning duty (in the dub, these are tickets for the  Kuriboh  coaster). Everyone gets depressed when they realize that Yuma is not coming down from the attic. Caswell says Operation Heavenly Rock Cave was a failure. Cathy mutters Yuma's name, while Bronk adds that Astral is no longer here. Tori's eyes start to water as she looks down on the food she made. Later that night, Yuma looks at the gifts his friends gave him. He takes a chicken nugget and eats it. 
 Somewhere in  Heartland City , Erazor is engaged in a Duel and deals a finishing blow to his opponent. He walks up to the horrified opponent and says he will be taking his memories, just as they agreed (in the dub, Erazor says he knows that it's disappointing to lose, and he is here to make his opponent forget about it). Erazor grabs his victim on the face and the former transforms into a humanoid insect. The Duelist screams as his memories are taken away. At the Tsukumo household, Kari reads up on reports of Duelists having amnesia. Unconscious Duelists were found at the road on midnight. When they regained consciousness, their memories were wiped away. Kari mutters who could be doing this. Meanwhile, a submarine travels underwater.  One of the figures  on board says Astral disappeared, meaning the Barians' attacks are getting fierce. The time has come for them to strike. He turns to  one of the crew members  and entrusts Yuma to him. The pink-haired boy salutes and says "Roger!" The submarine surfaces at Heartland's borders. The next morning at  Heartland Academy , Bronk reads up on the reports that Kari read the other night. Flip speculates it could be the work of the Barians (in the dub, Flip says messing with memories is bad). Caswell says this is the Number Club's time to appear after a long time. Tori agrees and says this may help Yuma out of his depression. Bronk and Cathy also agree with Caswell. All five members of the Number Club cheer. 
 At  Heartland Memorial , Erazor sits on a table filing his nails. Heartland walks in and demands Erazor what is the meaning of this. Erazor asks what he means and Heartland reminds him of their mission to steal Yuma's "Numbers", yet Erazor went around the city at night and stole other Duelists' memories. Erazor finishes filing and says what he did is just a warm-up. The memories Erazor took are also food for him; they taste like the sweetest honey. Erazor admits he enjoys the sight of watching his victims squirm as he sucks the memories out of them. An alarm from a bust of Heartland sounds as the Number Club investigates the memorial; Bronk silently urges the group to move on. From a monitor, Heartland recognizes Tori, the girl who was always with Yuma. Erazor says the Number Club would make good puppets (a shot of Erazor licking his lips is cut from the dub; Erazor also mentions that Tori's memories could be helpful and delicious). As the Number Club continues, Caswell says the incident involving the stolen memories could be coming from the memorial. Bronk and Flip say the thief could be hiding somewhere. Tori tells them when the thief shows up, she will beat them up with a frying pan. A voice says she got that backward. The group realizes that the thief, Erazor, is right behind them. He asks if they have any business with him before he transforms into an insect and starts stealing a terrified Tori's memories.
 Yuma is still at home, depressed. A robotic fly flies through a window and perches itself on a chair. It projects a hologram of Mr. Heartland as he yells his "Fly Burning!" catchphrase.  He says it has been a while. Yuma gets up and asks why Heartland is still alive. Heartland says that thanks to Yuma, he was sent to the Parallel Worlds, but was resurrected thanks to Vector. Heartland's hologram shifts to that of Yuma's friends. All five of them are catatonic, to Yuma's horror. As Kari walks home with the groceries, Yuma bursts out of the house. She asks where he is going (in the dub, she mutters that it's about time he was up and about). As Yuma runs towards Heartland Memorial, he remembers what Heartland said to him. The Number Club got involved in an incident in order to cheer him up. Heartland thought that Yuma would be overjoyed upon learning that they solved the case. In order for Yuma to return the favor, he had to come to Heartland Memorial with all the "Numbers" he currently has. As Yuma nears the memorial, he yells that he is coming for his friends. When Yuma arrives, Heartland welcomes him. Yuma demands Heartland for the location of his friends. The former mayor informs him that they are next to them. All five members of the Number Club are slumped near a wall, in a catatonic state. Yuma calls out to them, but they do not respond.  He demands Heartland on what he did to them. From the feet of Heartland's statue, Erazor says he was the one who did this, as he stole their memories. Yuma asks what he means. Erazor introduces himself and challenges Yuma to a Duel with the "Numbers" on the line in order for his friends' memories to be restored. The Barian says the outcome is already clear: Yuma will lose and cry miserably as his "Numbers" are taken and his friends are not saved. Yuma thinks that this is a Duel he must win, since the "Numbers" and his friends' memories are at stake. He wonders why he is scared, even after all this time. Yuma recalls several more memories of him Dueling alongside Astral, up to the time he disappeared. Erazor urges Yuma to make his choice. 
 Yuma is still frustrated, but Heartland tells his subordinate to hold on. There is no need to pressure Yuma so much. He tells Yuma to think carefully--the "Number" war is an issue between the Astral and  Barian Worlds . It should have nothing to do with a human like Yuma. Now that Astral is gone, there is no reason for Yuma to protect the "Numbers". Yuma starts to answer, but Heartland leans in close and proposes a solution. If Yuma gives him the "Numbers", Heartland will no longer bother him and his friends. Their memories will be also returned. Heartland even offers to erase the memories pertaining to Astral because the thought of losing him is painful. It would be natural for Yuma to retain the pleasant memories of Astral, though. If all memories of Astral are erased, Yuma will return to the calm, peaceful world he knew before he met Astral. Yuma starts to consider Heartland's offer as he reaches for his Deck box. Before he can give it to Heartland, Yuma says he cannot do it. Heartland is confused and various "Numbers" appear in spirit above Yuma as he declares that while it is true he has nothing to do with the Astral and Barian Worlds, the "Numbers" are something Astral left with him. To them, the "Numbers" represent the things they spent fighting for; therefore, they cannot be just given to other people like Heartland. A voice from above says Yuma is right.  Trey  throws a sword at Heartland, but Heartland dodges by teleporting away from Yuma. Heartland and Yuma recognize Trey.
 Trey tells Yuma that he recognizes his determination because if he had the feelings to fight for what he wanted to protect, Trey will become the shield and sword to protect him (in the dub, Trey tells Yuma that if Heartland wanted to harm Yuma, they will have to go through him first). Yuma is confused and Trey informs him that he and his brothers researched the Barian and Astral Worlds. During investigation, they learned that Yuma lost Astral. Trey admits that Yuma is the first friend Yuma met; because of this, he cannot ignore his sadness. Heartland scoffs at the reunion and asks Trey what he, his brothers and  their father  could possibly do (in the dub, Heartland says he is up against two runts). Trey responds that they will crush "some comical fly wearing glasses". Heartland curses and sends a swarm of flies from his cane at Trey, but Trey uses his  crest  bracelet to protect himself and Yuma with a pink barrier. When the flies make contact, they drop dead to the ground. Heartland is baffled that Trey can still use the power of the crests. Trey tells him that Quinton made bracelets that harnessed the power of his father's crest. Yuma mutters, "The power he gave you..." Trey turns to Yuma and says while he cannot replace Astral, he can help him Duel against Erazor and Heartland. In the past, Yuma fought Trey with his life on the line, but now Trey will fight alongside him as a friend. Yuma mutters what Trey just said before recalling the same memory of Astral entrusting the "Numbers" to him. Yuma opens his Deck case and presents Trey with " Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech " and " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ". He tells him that when Astral left Yuma with the "Numbers", he may have meant to use their power justly; Yuma will split up this power with his friends and fight alongside them. Trey smiles and takes the cards. Yuma says while this may not be the best choice, this is his only answer for now (in the dub, Yuma says if Astral was here, he would have agreed with him). Erazor says Yuma and Trey appear ready to Duel. He leaps from the statue and adds that he is fine with a two-on-one Duel. Trey tells him that he will regret this decision. All three Duelists arm their  D-Pads , while Yuma dons his  Duel Gazer  and Trey's Duel Gazer tattoo appears around his eye. All three players yell, "Duel!"
 Before the Duel starts, Heartland tells Erazor that he will flower up the battlefield. He snaps his fingers and enlarged versions of  Don Thousand's Emblem  appear on the ground. He chants, "My clansmen! Carve the seal of wickedness within the earth!" Yuma asks what's the meaning of this. Heartland explains that within this field, at the same time a Duel begins, Erazor can halve his opponents'  LP  and add them to his own. Trey calls this a dirty tactic and Heartland agrees. He points his cane at the Number Club, calling them his opponents' problem. Heartland proceeds to prod Tori with the cane (Heartland gesturing with the cane is cut from the dub). Yuma falls on one knee, while Trey hangs on, their LP halved to 2000. Erazor laughs as his LP increase to 8000. He transforms into a humanoid cicada and releases a burst of energy that destroys the statue of Heartland, greatly upsetting the former mayor of the city that his image was ruined (Heartland bemoaning his statue's destruction is cut from the dub). Yuma mutters that this must be Erazor's true form (in the dub, Yuma mutters that he isn't liking this, while Trey agrees).
 
 Featured Duels 
 Erazor vs. Unknown Duelist 
 Duel  is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Erazor   controls  " Number 3: Cicada King " ( 3/1200/2500) in Attack Position (but it is silhouetted), while his opponent controls no cards and has 800  LP .
 Erazor's turn 
Earzor's opponent's LP are  damaged  through unknown means (Opponent: 800 → 0 LP).
 
 Yuma Tsukumo and Trey vs. Erazor 
       The Duel begins.     
 The Duel starts with every player having 4000  LP  each, but  Mr. Heartland  activates a  field effect , which reduces  Yuma 's and  Trey 's LP by half and  Erazor  gains LP by the total amount they lost (Yuma: 4000 → 2000 LP; Trey: 4000 → 2000 LP; Erazor: 4000 → 8000 LP).
 Duel continues in  the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Ganbara Knight 
 Gogogo Golem Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 16: Shock Master 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech 
 Number 39: Utopia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armored Xyz 
 Double or Nothing! 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Half Unbreak 
 
 Mr. Heartland Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 1: Infection Buzz King 
 
 Erazor Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 3: Cicada King  (silhouette) 
 
 Other Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 7: Lucky Straight 
 Number 10: Illumiknight 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 19: Freezerdon 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 56: Gold Rat 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 
 Flashbacks Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sunken Kingdom 
 Tomato Paradise 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   season 2 episodes 
 #074 " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " #075 " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " #076 " Hard Knox " #077 " Rule Duel " #078 " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " #079 " Doom in Bloom " #080 " Rivals in the Ring " #081 " The Friendship Games " #082 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " #083 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " #084 " Playing Defense " #085 " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " #086 " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " #087 " Dual Duel: Part 1 " #088 " Dual Duel: Part 2 " #089 " Darkness Dawns " #090 " You Give Love a Bot Name " #091 " Take a Chance " #092 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " #093 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " #094 " Enter Vector " #095 " The Search for Shadows " #096 " Shadows of Deception " #097 " Sinister Shadows " #098 " Shadows End " #099 " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " #100 " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " #101 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " #102 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " #103 " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " #104 " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " #105 " Put to the Test: Part 1 " #106 " Put to the Test: Part 2 " #107 " Furry Fury " #108 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " #109 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " #110 " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " #111 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " #112 " Memory Thief: Part 1 " #113 " Memory Thief: Part 2 " #114 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " #115 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " #116 " Now or Never, Part 1 " #117 " Now or Never, Part 2 " #118 " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " #119 " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " #120 " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " #121 " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " #122 " Assimilation, Part 1 " #123 " Assimilation, Part 2 " #124 " Battle with the Barians " #125 " Fight for a Friend " #126 " Farewell for a Friend " #127 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #128 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #129 " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " #130 " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " #131 " Power Play " #132 " Barian vs. Barian " #133 " Vector the Victor " #134 " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " #135 " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " #136 " The Forsaken Palace " #137 " Clash of the Emperors " #138 " The New World " #139 " The Source Code " #140 " A Thousand Ways to Lose " #141 " The Fate of Three Worlds " #142 " The Battle of Three Worlds " #143 " The Future of Three Worlds " #144 " Last First Duel " #145 " Outclassed and Outmatched " #146 " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Prev.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130715023928', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Rank_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052957', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Erazor_Vs._Yuma_%26_Trey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130714124038']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL episodes