Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Igknight


 
 Igknight 
 イグナイト  ( Igunaito ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Squire ", " Crusader ", " Templar ", " Paladin " and " Ignister " in the artwork of " Ignition Phoenix " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Chevaliardent Translation:  Knightardent 
 
 
 German 
 Feueritter Translation:  Fireknight 
 
 
 Italian 
 Fuocavaliere Translation:  Fireknight 
 
 
 Korean 
 이그나이트   Igeunaiteu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Cavaleirardor Translation:  Knightardor 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Caballerígneo Translation:  Knigneous 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Clash of Rebellions Dimension of Chaos Invasion: Vengeance Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Astral Pack Eight 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 3 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Ancient Guardians 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Darkwing Blast +1 Bonus Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Igknight " (イグナイト  Igunaito ) is an archetype of  FIRE   Warrior   monsters  which debuted in  Clash of Rebellions . They are used by  Shuto Go  in the spin-off manga  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 With the exception of  "Lancer"  and  "Champion"  (Level 7 and 8  Effect Monsters , respectively), each "Igknight" monster is a  Normal Pendulum Monster , with a  Pendulum Scale  of either 2 (" Gallant ", " Cavalier ", " Crusader ", and " Paladin ") or 7 (" Templar ", " Squire ", " Veteran ", and " Margrave ").
 The " Dracoslayer " archetype hints at a relation between this archetype and both " Majespecters " and " Dinomists ". Both are full-Pendulum archetypes containing a "Dracoslayer" monster (which appears to be a merging of one of its archetype members with another mystic creature) and Field Spell Cards portraying the surging of those monsters, both "Dracoslayer" monster and Field Spell Card containing a word with "P", written as "P" with a Furigana, just like how "Pendulum" is written "P" with the Furigana "Pendyuramu". In addition, while the "Majespecter" archetype consists of effect monsters (with effects) with no Pendulum effects, the "Igknight" archetype consists of Normal monsters (no effects) that all have Pendulum effects.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Recommended cards 
 4   Official Konami Decklists 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The original six Pendulum "Igknights" are entirely 1 specific color from the color wheel: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple. For all 3 of the warm colors ("Margrave", "Templar" and "Squire"), the corresponding "Igknights" are the higher scale (7), which is usually paired with the red scale, which is also a warm color. The same can be said for the 3 cool colors ("Gallant", "Crusader" and "Paladin"). They are all the lower scale (2), which is usually paired with the blue scale, a cool color. "Cavalier" breaks this pattern, being a Scale 2 (blue) Pendulum with a warm color (pink). As well is "Veteran", being a Scale 7 (red) Pendulum with a cool color (light blue).
 
 Etymology 
 The name "Igknight" is a pun on the words "ignite" and "knight". In the  OCG , the majority of the archetype's members are named for various makes and models of guns and ammunition, and wield gunblades inspired by said guns with various types of blade attachments.
 In the  TCG , these names were changed to place more emphasis on the "knight" part of the name, rather than "ignite", by naming the members after medieval military positions (or other terms related to chivalric ideas).
 
 
 
 Name
 
 Color
 
 Scale
 
 Level
 
 Origin
 
 
 TCG 
 
 OCG 
 
 TCG 
 
 OCG 
 
 
 Crusader 
 Eagle 
 Blue 
 2 
 3 
 Crusader 
 IMI Desert Eagle 
 
 
 Paladin 
 Musket 
 Purple 
 2 
 4 
 Paladin 
 Musket 
 
 
 Cavalier 
 Derringer 
 Pink 
 2 
 5 
 Cavalier 
 Derringer 
 
 
 Gallant 
 Caliber 
 Green 
 2 
 6 
 Gallant  (adj .  'brave, spirited, noble-minded, or chivalrous') 
 Caliber 
 
 
 Squire 
 Magnum 
 Yellow 
 7 
 3 
 Squire 
 .44 Magnum 
 
 
 Templar 
 Dragunov 
 Orange 
 7 
 4 
 Templar 
 Dragunov sniper rifle 
 
 
 Margrave 
 Riot 
 Red 
 7 
 5 
 Margrave 
 Riot gun 
 
 
 Veteran 
 Uzi 
 Light Blue 
 7 
 6 
 Veteran 
 Uzi 
 
 
 Lancer 
 Avenger 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 7 
 Lancer 
 GAU-8 Avenger 
 
 
 Champion 
 Stinger 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 8 
 Champion 
 FIM-92 Stinger 
 
 
 Playing style 
 "Igknight" monsters center around destroying each other to limit the opponent's field while setting up a mass Pendulum Summon, as destroyed Pendulum Monsters go to the Extra Deck rather than the Graveyard, allowing them to be summoned to the field en masse. All "Igknight" Pendulum Monsters have the exact same Pendulum Effect: " If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. " This effect also serves to search and recycle their main offensive Effect Monsters, "Igknight Lancer" and "Igknight Champion." The two then allow the player to return other "Igknight" monsters to the hand, allowing them to be set in the Pendulum Zones to summon the previously destroyed "Igknight" monsters back to the field. The archetype has limited Spell and Trap support, but they further allow the player to freely destroy "Igknight" cards to swarm the field and/or allow the player to get the needed monsters for a Pendulum Summon.
 The archetype as a whole is unusual for the current metagame, as it is one of the first archetypes for which almost every major monster card is a  Normal Monster  (by comparison, past archetypes such as " Hieratic ", " Ojama " or " Qli "– all of which featured Normal Monsters prominently– mostly relied on Effect Monsters while manipulating the Normal Monsters as  Material  or  Support ). However, in exchange for their lack of effects, "Igknights" enjoy an extremely bountiful assortment of external support. As they are also Warrior Normal Monsters, every Pendulum Monster in the archetype is searchable with either " Reinforcement of the Army " or " Summoner's Art ". Pure "Igknight" Decks can use " Skill Drain " with minor repercussions. In addition, they also can access " Pot of Riches ", " Heart of the Underdog " (along with Trap Cards activated in your Draw Phase, like " Common Charity ", " Jar of Greed " and " Legacy of Yata-Garasu ") for draw power– giving these decks unusually strong consistency. " Non-Spellcasting Area ", " Tyrant's Throes " and " First of the Dragons " can also be mixed in as extra Normal Monster support. In addition, since their effects allow them to search  any   FIRE  Warrior monsters, they open themselves up to other useful offensive support, such as " Blue Flame Swordsman ", " Command Knight ", " Valkyrian Knight " and " Ultimate Baseball Kid ". By the same token, " Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai " makes viable support together with the re-summonable Pendulum "Igknights" for easy  effect damage .
 Additionally, the "Igknights" have access to a variety of  Extra Deck  monsters. Being Normal Monsters, they can be used as Material to  Fusion Summon  " First of the Dragons ", while using " Elemental HERO Blazeman ". "Blazeman" itself being a " HERO " monster, along with the Deck being largely comprised of FIRE monsters allows for access to " Elemental HERO Nova Master ". They can also be used for  Synchro Summons  using  Tuner monsters  that have high synergy with them, such as " Galaxy Serpent " for being a Normal Monster, or " Rose, Warrior of Revenge ", yet another FIRE Warrior monster. This can also help them summon " Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon ", who can  Special Summon  Normal Monsters from your Graveyard. Even though all "Igknight" Normal Monsters are Pendulum Monsters, and thus rarely go the Graveyard, you can still use them as  Xyz Materials , which would make them go to the Graveyard. Having multiple Levels, they can  Xyz Summon  all sorts of  Xyz Monsters  from Ranks 3 to 6, including powerful ones that require specific Xyz Materials, such as " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ", " Blade Armor Ninja ", " Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Lion Emperor " and " Hazy Flame Basiltrice ".
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Igknight Lancer 
 Igknight Champion 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Blue Flame Swordsman 
 Bonfire Colossus 
 Command Knight 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman 
 Knight of the Red Lotus 
 Majesty's Fiend 
 Phoenix Gearfried 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Royal Magical Library 
 Spy-C-Spy 
 Ultimate Baseball Kid 
 Valkyrian Knight 
 Tuner monsters 
 Galaxy Serpent 
 Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer 
 Rose, Warrior of Revenge 
 Tune Warrior 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Igknight Gallant 
 Igknight Cavalier 
 Igknight Templar 
 Igknight Crusader 
 Igknight Squire 
 Igknight Paladin 
 Igknight Margrave 
 Igknight Veteran 
 Dragoons of Draconia 
 Rescue Hamster 
 Sea Dragoons of Draconia 
 Sky Dragoons of Draconia Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dinoster Power, the Mighty Dracoslayer 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master 
 First of the Dragons 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon 
 Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer 
 Metaphys Horus 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Hazy Flame Basiltrice 
 " Heroic Champion " monsters 
 Other  Rank 3  monsters 
 Other  Rank 4  monsters 
 Other  Rank 5  monsters 
 Other  Rank 6  monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Beyond the Pendulum 
 Duelittle Chimera 
 Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ignition Phoenix 
 Igknight Reload 
 Igknights Unite 
 Circle of the Fire Kings 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Faustian Bargain 
 Fusion Substitute 
 Heart of the Underdog 
 Heat Wave 
 Painful Decision 
 Pendulum Paradox 
 Pot of Riches 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Summoner's Art 
 Supply Squad 
 Terraforming 
 Unexpected Dai 
 Wavering Eyes 
 Traps 
 Igknight Burst 
 Common Charity 
 Echo Oscillation 
 Jar of Greed 
 Kickfire 
 Legacy of Yata-Garasu 
 Lose 1 Turn 
 Reckless Greed 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Skill Drain 
 Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai 
 Tyrant's Throes 
 Official Konami Decklists 
 The following Decklists may or may not contain copies of cards that exceed the maximum amount allowed by the current Forbidden & Limited List. These should not be changed, as these Decklists are copied verbatim at the time they were published.
 
 
 Saikyo Jump Igknight Fiend-Dragon Deck [1] Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Soldier  x2 
 Beast of Talwar 
 Effect Monsters 
 Axe Dragonute  x2 
 D/D/D Dragon King Pendragon 
 Fabled Ashenveil 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force  x2 
 Lancer Dragonute  x2 
 Lancer Lindwurm  x2 
 Mad Archfiend  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Igknight Gallant  x2 
 Igknight Templar  x3 
 Igknight Crusader  x3 
 Igknight Margrave  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Dark Hole 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Rush Recklessly  x2 
 Smashing Ground 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted  x2 
 Dust Tornado  x2 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Mirror Force 
 Negate Attack 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  Saikyo Jump Igknight Fiend-Dragon Deck 
 
 
   
" Igknight " 「イグナイト」 Members 
 Igknight Cavalier Igknight Champion Igknight Crusader Igknight Gallant Igknight Lancer Igknight Margrave Igknight Paladin Igknight Squire Igknight Templar Igknight Veteran Ignis Phoenix, the Dracoslayer 
 Igknight Burst Igknight Reload Igknights Unite 
 Support 
 Igknight Cavalier Igknight Champion Igknight Crusader Igknight Gallant Igknight Lancer Igknight Margrave Igknight Paladin Igknight Squire Igknight Templar Igknight Veteran Ignis Phoenix, the Dracoslayer 
 Igknight Burst Igknights Unite Ignition Phoenix 
 Related 
 Ignis Heat, the True Dracowarrior Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer 
 Bad Aim 
 
 v e 
 Igknight  イグナイト m   Members 
 Igknight Champion Igknight Crusader Igknight Gallant Igknight Paladin Igknight Squire Igknight Templar 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Igknight.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150623225341']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)