Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Ushio%27s_Shadow_Game_(Toei)


 
 Dark Yugi and Ushio's Shadow Game 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Ushio's Shadow Game 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Ushio 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 1:  " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Ushio's Shadow Game  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  first series anime  that  Dark Yugi  and  Ushio  played to distribute the money for Ushio's self-imposed bodyguard fees. The players competed by climbing to the top of a dome, where the money was, by turning over  standard playing cards .
 This is the anime version of the  Money and Knife  game from the  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 Ushio  came to believe that  Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Hiroto Honda  were bullying  Yugi Muto . Although Jonouchi had been picking on him, Yugi insisted that he was not being bullied by either of them. Ushio was not convinced, believing that victims often defend their attackers and assigned himself the position of Yugi's bodyguard.
 The next day, Ushio proceeded to beat up Jonouchi and Honda and then showed Yugi what he had done. Yugi insisted that he didn't want this, but Ushio continued to attack them. Yugi tried to stop him, saying that Jonouchi and Honda were his friends. However Ushio laughed at this and demanded a bodyguard fee of ¥200,000.
 That night, as Yugi thought about how he was going to handle Ushio's fee, he found himself working on the  Millennium Puzzle ; something he had not been unable to solve for eight years. However he was able to put it together with ease this time. After discovering that he was missing the last piece, Yugi returned to  Domino High School  to look for it. However he bumped into Ushio, who realized that Yugi couldn't give him the money and proceeded to beta him up. Jonouchi was also at the school to recover the piece of the Millennium Puzzle, he has thrown away. After doing this, he and Honda saw what Ushio had done to Yugi. Jonouchi gave Yugi the piece of the puzzle and he and Honda tried to fight Ushio, only to be beaten-up again. Still badly beaten, Yugi managed to insert the last piece into the Puzzle and release  Dark Yugi 's spirit. Dark Yugi took over Yugi's body and challenged Ushio to a Shadow Game.
 
 The game 
 Dark Yugi managed to suspend himself and Ushio at opposite ends of a rope going around the pole at the top of a dome. He placed a deck of  standard playing cards  at the top of the dome, which he lied was the money and spread another deck of cards in a line between the two of them. Dark Yugi challenged Ushio to a game and explained the rules:
 
 They take turns turning over a card. 
 A player climbs a number of steps up the dome equal to the number indicated on the card, while the other player lowers themselves by the same amount. 
 First to the top gets the money. 
 Play was as follows:
 
 Ushio turned over the 10 of diamonds. 
 Dark Yugi turned over the king (13) of diamonds. 
 Ushio turned over the 2 of spades. 
 Dark Yugi turned over the queen (12) of spades. 
 Ushio turned over 3 of diamonds 
 Dark Yugi turned over the 9 of hearts 
 Ushio turned over the 6 of clubs 
 Dark Yugi turned over the jack (11) of spades. At this point he was one step from the top. 
 Ushio turned over the joker, which Dark Yugi said was a Skip your Turn. 
 Dark Yugi turned over the ace of diamonds. 
 Ushio furiously and climbed up to Dark Yugi, who said that was breaking the rules, which results in bad consequences. Ushio attempted to punch Dark Yugi and broke the rope attaching them. Dark Yugi fell from the dome and Ushio found that the money was just another deck of cards. Dark Yugi hung onto the building and inflicted a Penalty Game on Ushio for cheating, causing Ushio to believe he was being eaten by monsters.
 
 Aftermath 
 The next day at school, students saw Ushio curled up in terror and speculated that he had suffered a massive shock.
 In the hallway, Jonouchi met up with Yugi and answered his " something you can show, but can't see " riddle, saying it is friendship.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei anime)  games 
 Game of Darkness  ( List ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Ushio 
 Dark Yugi VS Jiro 
 Magic & Wizards 
 Dark Yugi VS Shotaro 
 Weighing of the Heart  ( Kanekura ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi I 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi II 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Hirutani's gang 
 Dark Yugi VS Ms. Chono 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Miho and Dark Yugi VS Warashibe 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryuichi 
 Dark Yugi VS Kokurano 
 Dark Yugi VS bomber 
 Dark Yugi VS Goyu 
 Raijinhai  ( Dark Yugi VS Aileen ) 
 Dragon Block 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Himekoji 
 Jonouchi VS Dragon 1 
 Death-T 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/First_Shadow_Game.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20210807103458']
Categories: Shadow Games