Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yugi_Muto,_Yami_Yugi_and_Maximillion_Pegasus%27_Duelist_Kingdom_Duel


 
 Yugi Muto, Yami Yugi and Maximillion Pegasus' Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yugi Muto, Yami Yugi and Maximillion Pegasus' Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Yugi Muto Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi  and  Yugi Muto 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Pegasus Castle ,  Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 35:  " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 1 " 36:  " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 2 " 37:  " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 3 " 38:  " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 4 " 39:  " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Yugi Muto  face  Maximillion Pegasus  in a game of  Duel Monsters , in the final duel of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  a Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Prior Events 
 The final duel of the Duelist Kingdom tournament has come. Yugi Muto will face off against Maximillion Pegasus in a duel that will determine everything:
 
 The fate of his grandfather 
 The fate of the Kaiba brothers. 
 Before the Duel begins, Yugi shows his tournament entry card, " Glory of the King's Opposite Hand ", a blank card.  Croquet  tells them if Yugi wins he can claim whatever he wishes from his opponent, be it the  Industrial Illusions  company, the entire  Duelist Kingdom island  or even Pegasus's Millenium Eye. Pegasus tells him the other secret of the card "Glory of the King's Opposite Hand": Should Yugi lose, his soul will be trapped in that card. Knowing the risks, he accepts and the duel commences.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi and Yugi Muto Vs. Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 This Duel uses  Duelist Kingdom  gameplay. Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi   Sets  a card and a  monster .
 Turn 2: Pegasus 
 Pegasus   draws . He uses his  Millenium Eye  to see the cards Yugi played were " Beaver Warrior " ( 1200 / 1500 ) and " Horn of the Unicorn " and he sees he will use that combo to power up his monster. Knowing this, Pegasus plans a counterattack. He then Sets a card and  Normal Summons  " Red Archery Girl " ( 1400 / 1500 ) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 3: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then  Flip Summons  "Beaver Warrior" ( 1200 / 1500 ) into  Attack Position . Yugi then  activates  his  face-down  " Horn of the Unicorn " and  equips  it to "Beaver Warrior", increasing the latter's  ATK  and  DEF  by 700 ("Beaver Warrior": 1200 → 1900/1500 → 2200), as Pegasus predicted. Pegasus activates his face-down " Tears of a Mermaid " to  negate  and  destroy  "Horn of the Unicorn" ("Beaver Warrior": 1900 → 1200/2200 → 1500).
 Turn 4: Pegasus 
Pegasus  switches  "Red Archery Girl" to Attack Position. "Red Archery Girl" attacks and destroys "Beaver Warrior" (Yugi: 2000 → 1800  LP ).
 Turn 5: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 6: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He Sets a card. He then Normal Summons " Ryu-Ran " ( 2200 / 2600 ) in Defense Position and switches "Red Archery Girl" to Defense Position.
 Turn 7: Yami Yugi 
Yugi's  hand  contains " Celtic Guardian ", " Spellbinding Circle ", " Magical Hats ", and " Horn Imp ". Yugi  draws  " Summoned Skull ", all of which Pegasus sees using his Millennium Eye.
 Turn 7: Yami Yugi 
Yugi Sets a card and  Normal Summons  " Summoned Skull " ( 2500 / 1200 ) in Defense Position.
 Turn 8: Pegasus 
Pegasus  draws . He uses his Millenium Eye again and sees that Yami Yugi will use "Spellbing Circle" to stop "Ryu-Ran" and use "Summoned Skull" to destroy it. He then  switches  "Ryu-Ran" to  Attack Position . "Ryu-Ran"  attacks  "Summoned Skull", but Yugi  activates  his face-down " Spellbinding Circle " to forbid " Ryu-Ran " from attacking or changing its  battle position  and decrease its  ATK  by 700 ("Ryu-Ran": 2200 → 1500/2600).
 Turn 9: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then switches "Summoned Skull" to Attack Position. "Summoned Skull" attacks "Ryu-Ran", but Pegasus activates his face-down " Trap Displacement " to transfer the  effect  of "Spellbinding Circle" to "Summoned Skull". This forbids "Summoned Skull" from attacking or changing its battle position and decreases its ATK by 700 ("Summoned Skull": 2500 → 1800/1200, "Ryu-Ran": 1500 → 2200/2600). "Ryu-Ran" counter attacks and  destroys  "Summoned Skull" (Yugi: 1800 → 1400 LP).
 Turn 10: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then activates " Toon World ", transforming "Red Archery Girl" and "Ryu-Ran" into their  Toon  counterparts: " Toon Mermaid " ( 1400 / 1500 ) and " Manga Ryu-Ran " ( 2200 / 2600 ) respectively. "Manga Ryu-Ran" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Giant Soldier of Stone " ( 1300 / 2000 ). Pegasus then uses the effect of "Toon World" to hide "Manga Ryu-Ran" within its pages. This means that Yugi cannot attack "Manga Ryu-Ran" while it's within "Toon World". Pegasus then switches "Toon Mermaid" to Attack Position.
 Turn 11: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Celtic Guardian " ( 1400 / 1200 ) in Attack Position. "Celtic Guardian" attacks "Toon Mermaid", with Yugi intending to destroy both monsters in a  Double KO  as they have equal ATK. However, only "Celtic Guardian" is destroyed because Toon monsters cannot be  destroyed by battle  with non-Toon monsters. Pegasus then uses the effect of "Toon World" to hide "Toon Mermaid" within its pages. This means that Yugi cannot attack "Toon Mermaid" while it's within "Toon World".
 Turn 12: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He sets two cards.
 Turn 13: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. Yugi's  hand  contains " Feral Imp ", " Monster Recovery ", " Magical Hats " and " Horn Imp ". Yugi Sets "Horn Imp". Pegasus activates his  face-down  " Gorgon's Eye ",  flipping  ""  face-up  ( ??? / ??? ) and turning it to stone. While "Gorgon's Eye" is face-up on the field, when a Defense Position monster Yugi controls is destroyed, Yugi will take  effect damage  equal to half that monster's  DEF .
 Turn 14: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then activates his face-down " Doppleganger " and  targets  Yugi's "Summoned Skull" for the effect of "Doppleganger". "Doppleganger" is  Special Summoned  as "Summoned Skull" ( 2500 / 1200 ) in Attack Position. "Toon World" then transforms "Summoned Skull" into " Toon Summoned Skull " ( 2500 / 1200 ). "Toon Summoned Skull" attacks and destroys "Horn Imp". The effect of "Gorgon's Eye" activates (Yugi: 1400 → 900 LP). Pegasus then uses the effect of "Toon World" to hide "Toon Summoned Skull" within the pages of "Toon World".
 Turn 15: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Dark Magician ", which Pegasus notices. Yami  Normal Summons  "Dark Magician" in Attack Position. He then  activates  " Magical Hats " to hide "Dark Magician" within 1 of 4 "Hats". Pegasus then tries to find out the location of "Dark Magician" by reading Yami Yugi's mind. At this point, both Yami Yugi and  Yugi Muto  realize that the  Millennium Eye  is giving Pegasus too big of an advantage. Yami Yugi decides to do a "Mind Shuffle" with Yugi in order to prevent Pegasus from knowing which cards Yami Yugi/Yugi Sets  face-down .
 Turn 16: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then releases "Toon Summoned Skull" from "Toon World". "Toon Summoned Skull"  attacks  and  destroys  the "Hat" that Yami had been thinking of, believing that is the hat that "Dark Magician" is hiding in, but that hat turns out to be empty because Yugi had already selected a new location for "Dark Magician". (In the dub, the location is unchanged. Instead, the attack fails because the location of "Dark Magician" went away with Yami.) Pegasus returns "Toon Summoned Skull" back into "Toon World".
 Turn 17: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yugi  draws  a card (" Mirror Force ") and subsequently Sets it. Pegasus tries to read Yugi's mind to find out what the Set card was, but Yugi switches back to Yami Yugi, who doesn't know what the Set card is, so Pegasus doesn't find out what the Set card is.
 Turn 18: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then releases "Toon Summoned Skull" from "Toon World". "Toon Summoned Skull" attacks and destroys a "Hat", but it's empty. Pegasus returns "Toon Summoned Skull" back into "Toon World".
 Turn 19: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi switches back to Yugi. Yugi draws " Living Arrow " and subsequently Sets it. Yugi then switches back to Yami Yugi.
 Turn 20: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws " Magical Neutralizing Force " and subsequently activates it, destroying the remaining "Hats" and revealing "Dark Magician". Pegasus releases "Toon Summoned Skull" from "Toon World". 
 "Toon Summoned Skull" attacks "Dark Magician", but Yami Yugi switches back to Yugi, who activates his face-down "Living Arrow" to  target  "Magical Neutralizing Force" for its effect. Yugi then switches back to Yami Yugi, who uses "Living Arrow" to destroy "Toon World" and "Gorgon's Eye" (The latter not mentioned). Since "Toon World" was destroyed, all of Pegasus's  monsters  that were affected by "Toon World" are returned to their 'normal' versions: "Red Archery Girl" ( 1400 / 1500 ), "Ryu-Ran" ( 2200 / 2600 ) and Doppelganger. Yami Yugi then switches back to Yugi, who activates his face-down " Mirror Force " to reflect the attack of "Summoned Skull" back at Pegasus's monsters, destroying every monster on Pegasus's side of the  field  in Attack Position and inflicting  damage  to Pegasus equal to the  ATK  difference between the reflected attack and each of the destroyed monsters (Pegasus: 2000 → 600 LP). At this point, Pegasus turns the  Duel  into a  Shadow Game .
 Turn 21: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Pegasus has just turned the  Duel  into a  Shadow Game . Yugi realizes that he is having difficulties handling the force of the  Shadow Realm , so  Yami Yugi  takes over. Yami  draws , then passes his turn.
 Turn 22: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws " Dark-Eyes Illusionist " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it ( 0 / 0 ) in Attack Position.
 Turn 23: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yami draws. He then Normal Summons " Curse of Dragon " ( 2000 / 1500 ) in Attack Position. He switches back to Yugi. Yugi again seems to have a hard time handling the force of the  Shadow Realm .
 Turn 24: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then Sets a card.
 Turn 25: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. Yami, at this point, fears that Yugi won't be able to handle the stress of the Shadow Realm, so he takes over. "Curse of Dragon"  attacks  "Dark-Eyes Illusionist", but this  activates  the  effect  of "Dark-Eyes Illusionist", which  negates  the attack and forbids "Curse of Dragon" from attacking.
 Turn 26: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then activates his  face-down  " Black Illusion Ritual " to  Tribute  "Dark-Eyes Illusionist" and  Ritual Summon  " Relinquished " ( 0 / 0 ) in Attack Position. Pegasus activates "Relinquished's" effect,  equipping  "Curse of Dragon" to itself and increasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by the ATK and DEF of "Curse of Dragon" ("Relinquished": 0 → 2000/0 → 1500).
 Turn 27: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. "Dark Magician" attacks "Relinquished", but due to the effect of "Relinquished", "Curse of Dragon" is  destroyed  instead and the  battle damage  that Pegasus would have taken is inflicted to Yami instead (Yami: 900 → 400 LP) ("Relinquished": 2000 → 0/1500 → 0).
 Turn 28: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He then activates the effect of "Relinquished", equipping "Dark Magician" to itself and increasing its ATK and DEF by the ATK and DEF of "Dark Magician" ("Relinquished": 0 → 2500/0 → 2100).
 Turn 29: Yugi/Yami Yugi 
Yami switches back to Yugi. Yugi draws a card and subsequently Sets it. He then Normal Summons " Feral Imp " ( 1300 / 1400 ) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 30: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. "Relinquished" attacks and destroys "Feral Imp". Yugi, at this point, collapses under the strain of the Shadow Realm. With Yugi unconscious, Yami is left to Duel by himself, allowing Pegasus to once again read his mind.
 Turn 31: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress " which Pegasus sees, and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 1400 / 1200 ) in Defense Position.
 Turn 32: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. "Relinquished" attacks and destroys "Winged Dragon". Pegasus then Normal Summons " Jigen Bakudan " ( 200 / 1000 ) in Attack Position. Due to its effect, "Jigen Bakudan" cannot be selected as an  attack target , and it will self-destruct and destroy every  monster  on Pegasus's side of the  field  during Yami's second  End Phase  after "Jigen Bakudan" was  Summoned . After that, both players will take  damage  equal to the  original ATK  of the monsters they owned. This would be 0 damage to Pegasus and 2500 damage to Yami. 
 Yami Yugi's  hand  contains " Makiu, the Magical Mist ", " Multiply ", " Burning Land ", " Kuriboh " and " Monster Recovery ".
 Turn 33: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi is encouraged to win by  Yugi 's  grandfather   and   his   friends . Yami Yugi  draws  " Mystic Box ". Pegasus tries to read his mind in order to see what card Yami drew, but due to Yami's friends supporting him, Pegasus's  Millennium Eye  is blocked. Yami Yugi  activates  "Mystic Box" to make his "Dark Magician" and Pegasus's "Jigen Bakudan" swap places. This frees "Dark Magician" and places it back on Yami's side of the  field  ( 2500 / 2100 ) in Attack Position while "Jigen Bakudan" becomes the  Equip Card  for "Relinquished" ("Relinquished": 2500 → 200/2100 → 1000). During Yami's next  End Phase , "Jigen Bakudan" will self-destruct and  destroy  "Relinquished".
 Turn 34: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws, then passes his  turn .
 Turn 35: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Brain Control " and subsequently activates it to take control of "Relinquished" until the End Phase. At this point, Pegasus laughs as "Jigen Bakudan"'s timer is about to reach zero as it is set to go off this turn. Yami reminds Pegasus there is still one card left for him to play, the last card Yugi played in his final moments. He then activates his face-down " Dark Magic Ritual ", the last card Yugi played, to  Tribute  "Dark Magician" and "Jigen Bakudan" ("Relinquished": 200 → 0/1000 → 0) and  Ritual Summon  " Magician of Black Chaos " ( 2800 / 2600 ) in Attack Position. This also negated the effect of "jigen Bakudan". Yami then  Sets  a card and a monster, both of which Pegasus can not see thanks to Yugi's friends. On Yami Yugi's End Phase, "Relinquished" returns to Pegasus's side of the field.
 Turn 36: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He  Normal Summons  " Thousand-Eyes Idol " ( 0 / 0 ) in Attack Position. He then activates " Polymerization " to  fuse  "Relinquished" with "Thousand-Eyes Idol" and  Fusion Summon  " Thousand-Eyes Restrict " ( 0 / 0 ) in Attack Position. Pegasus then activates the effect of "Thousand-Eyes Restrict", seen with all one thousand of his monster's eyes opening wide and firing green beams of light from each eye. Due to the  effect  of "Thousand-Eyes Restrict", none of Yami's monsters can  attack  or  change  their  battle positions , as seen by "Magician of Black Chaos" being paralyzed by a green aura.
 Pegasus then tries to activate the effect of "Thousand-Eyes Restrict" to equip "Magician of Black Chaos" to "Thousand-Eyes Restrict", but Yami Yugi reveals his Set " Kuriboh " ( 300 / 200 ) and activates his face-down " Multiply " to make "Thousand-Eyes Restrict"  target  "Kuriboh" instead ("Thousand-Eyes Restrict": 0 → 300/0 → 200). This has the visyal effect of having each eye being covered by a "Kuriboh". The effect of "Kuriboh" then activates, destroying itself to  negate  the effects of "Thousand-Eyes Restrict" and inflict 300  damage  to Yami Yugi ("Thousand-Eyes Restrict": 300 → 0/200 → 0) (Yami: 400 → 100 LP). It also frees "Magician of Black Chaos" from the gaze of "Thousand-Eyes Restrict".
 Turn 37: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. "Magician of Black Chaos" attacks and destroys "Thousand-Eyes Restrict" (Pegasus: 600 → 0 LP).
 Yami Yugi and Yugi Muto win.
 
 Aftermath 
 Pegasus is crushed and apologizes to he departed love,  Cecelia Pegasus . Yami Yugi thanks Yugi for helping him. Yugi's friends are relived to see he's alright but notice Pegasus nowhere in sight. Bakura awakens and while Yugi and his friends look for Pegasus, Bakura's dark alter-ego surfaces again and proceeds to hunt down Pegasus.
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Yugioh036.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140106212900', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels