Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Saya_Sasayama


 
 Saya Sasayama 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Saya Sasayama 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Sayaka Sasayama 
 
 
 Japanese   
 笹 山  サヤカ 笹山 サヤカ ささやま サヤカ Rōmaji: ( Sasayama Sayaka ) 
 
 
 Italian   
 Saya Sasayama 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 The Resistance [1] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Heartland Duel School ,  Clover Branch [1] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Fairy 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Laurie Hymes 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Ryoko Maekawa [2] 
 
 
 
 Saya Sasayama , known as  Sayaka Sasayama  ( 笹 山  サヤカ  Sasayama Sayaka ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is a friend of  Allen Kozuki ,  Kite Tenjo ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Lulu Obsidian , and she is a surviving resident of  Heartland  in the  Xyz Dimension  and a member of  the Resistance 's  Clover Branch .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Saya.     
 Saya is a bespectacled young girl with blue eyes and short light-purple and lilac hair that is restrained by light green and orange hair clips that resemble bicycle helmets. Saya wears a light blue dress with a teal turtleneck under a tan dress held up with brown shoulder straps and a blue belt that has a golden symbol resembling twin birds back to-back and green and orange pouches at both hips. She also wears brown tights, white finger-less gloves, white leg warmers with teal cuffs and straps, and light-orange shoes with green soles. Unlike many of her friends, Saya does not change her outfit after the invasion of Heartland.
 
 Personality 
 Saya has shown herself to be kind and caring; handing out soup rations to people despite not being on shift at the time. Allen claims that Saya is quite shy. Saya views herself as cowardly due to her hesitation allowing  Yuri  to capture  Lulu , and she later Duels the Tyler sisters alongside Allen in an attempt to correct her mistake. Saya tends to blame herself heavily for her mistakes and deeply regrets them.
 Saya learned  Yusho Sakaki 's philosophy of Dueling with smiles from him, a philosophy that she passed on to Lulu, which is passed onto  Yuto . 
 Due to her experience with the invasion, she is scared of " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", the monster that caused the destruction of her homeland. 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Lulu  and Saya before the attack.     
 Before  Duel Academy 's invasion, Saya, together with  Allen Kozuki  and  Kite Tenjo , were students of  Heartland Duel School 's  Clover Branch  studying under  Yusho Sakaki 's guidance, who was a teacher at their Branch. [1]  Saya was friends with  Lulu Obsidian [1] [3] , a student of Heartland Duel School's  Spade Branch . She shared Yusho's philosophy of Dueling being used to bring smiles to people with Lulu. [1] 
 One day, Duel Academy attacked and nearly annihilated the entire population of  Heartland City . During this invasion, Yusho suddenly disappeared, leading them to believe that he had abandoned them. [1]  Saya witnessed Lulu's kidnapping at the hands of  Yuri , frozen in fear and unable to help. [3]  While Shay and  Yuto  went to the  Standard Dimension  to look for  Declan Akaba ,  the Resistance  continued to fight. Despite their best efforts, both Spade and Clover branches were nearly wiped out, forcing them into hiding. [1] 
 
 Heartland City 
 While  Yuya  and  Kite  were Dueling and Kite mistook Yuya for  Yuto , Saya,  Shay , and  Allen  arrived and cleared up the misunderstanding. They attempted to convince Kite that the  Lancers  were comrades, but he refused to rejoin them and disappeared. [2] 
 Back at their  hideout , Saya helped in distributing food for the refugees even though it's not her shift. Allen told her not to overwork herself and told her to rest, something that Saya reluctantly relented. Saya then listened to their discussion and revealed that Kite's entire family had been carded by Duel Academy while Shay and Yuto were away. While Yuya lamented over this, she remembered Yuya's last name and asked if he has any connection with Yusho, explaining that Yusho was their teacher and disappeared during the invasion, and Allen believed that Yusho has abandoned them. [1] 
 Allen and Saya left the hideout in search of Kite. They eventually found him hunting Duel Academy Duelists. He told them to stay out of his way and  sealed  the Duelists into cards, ignoring Allen telling him how worried Saya was for him. Shay arrived and confronted Kite. During the Duel, Allen and Saya learn about  Action Cards  from Sylvio when Shay used one. She also learned that Yuto was sealed inside of Yuya when he revealed a memory only they know. After Shay was defeated, Kite was about to seal him in a card before Saya begged Kite to stop as she couldn't bear to lose Shay. She also revealed that she had been present during Lulu's kidnapping by Yuri, but was too scared to intervene. Kite reluctantly complied and left. [3] 
 While serving food to the survivors, Saya began thinking back to what Shay told Kite about comrades. She ran out of the hideout and decided to find Kite to bring him back. While running through Heartland, Saya ran into  Gloria  and  Grace  while Allen caught up to her. The two of them then had a  Tag-Team Duel  against Gloria and Grace. Saya  Xyz Summoned  " Fairy Cheer Girl " and attacked Gloria's " Amazoness Queen " but it's  effect  protected it from destruction by battle. She  Set  a card and ended her  Turn , but Allen told her she should have used the effect of "Cheer Girl" to  draw  another card. Saya apologized, but Allen said he would do something great. However, they learned that their opponents were the Tyler sisters and Saya was surprised when Allen remembered that the Tyler sisters almost destroyed the  Spade Branch 's Resistance force. Saya and Allen were then pushed pack by the Tyler sisters' " Amazoness Pet Liger ". Saya apologized to Allen for being a burden but Allen told her they hadn't lost yet. When Allen's " Heavy-Armored Train Iron Wolf " direct attack was negated by "Liger", Saya told Allen to use the effect of "Cheer Girl". When Allen was about receive  battle damage  sent back to him by " Amazoness Swords Woman ", Saya activated " Fairy Rail ", turning the damage into  ATK  for "Cheer Girl". Saya told Allen to use "Cheer Girl" for the next attack. He did and they were able to turn the Duel around. However they were both defeated when Gloria  Fusion Summoned  " Amazoness Empress ", which allowed the twins' "Amazoness" monsters to inflict piercing damage. Just as Saya and Allen were about to be sealed into cards, Gong and Sylvio arrived. [4]  Their would-be rescuers were also defeated by the Tylers while Saya remained unconscious. She awoke to see Yuya and Shay Dueling the Tylers and the sisters gaining  LP  with " Amazoness Hall ". She and Allen listened as Shay and Yuto (through Yuya) told the Tyler sisters that the Resistance doesn't give up. When Yuya's " Miracle Rocket Show " negated the monster's destruction and battle damage, Allen asked if they'd be able to win He was amazed by Yuya's entertainment Dueling and how they defeated the Tyler sisters. [5] 
 Saya watched the Duel between Shay and Yuya against three  Obelisk Force  members, with the Lancers and Allen. When the Obelisk Force Summoned " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", she ran away scared, but due to the shockwave of Chaos Giant's attack Shay rushed to save her from the falling building, getting injured to the point of being unconsciousness. [6]  When  Aster 's squad started to surround them, Kite defeated them allowing everyone to escape while Yuya Dueled Aster. [7] 
 Saya and others made it back to the hideout with Shay and watched over him while the Resistance went back for Yuya. They then learned that Duel Academy in Heartland decided to abandon  Arc Project  and help rebuild the  Xyz Dimension  to atone for what they have done. Allen expressed his concern over their decision to let them help but Saya told him they have the best medical care at their headquarters. She was surprised when Kite admitted his mistakes when he saw Aster doing the same thing. She also listened to Yuto assuring Kite that he's showing the same bravery by admitting his own mistakes and enduring the pain of losing his family and friends. She was also surprised when Aster revealed that there's a way to change back the people who had been carded. However, they first must retrieve those who were carded from Duel Academy in the Fusion Dimension since all the carded people were sent there. Saya encouraged Kite to save his family and Lulu while Shay recovered. She also gave Kite  a card  to help him save Lulu in her place. [8] 
 
 Duel Academy 
       Saya and Allen are sucked through a dimensional rift.     
 A dimensional rift opened, through which Saya saw a  massive dragon  that she wondered if it was a Duel Monster. [9]  Another dimensional portal opened and started to pull people into it, but Saya was distracted by telling  Allen  about  Shay  and  Kite , who she could see Dueling on the other side of the portal. A second rift opened in front of her and she tried to run away with Allen, but they were sucked into it and sent to the  Fusion Dimension . They woke to find themselves watching Shay and Kite's Duel. Saya was amazed when Shay and Kite both used " Rank-Up-Magic Limitover Force " to  Rank-Up  their monsters without knowing what the other had. Unfortunately, Kite and Shay's  opponent , who Kite and Shay referred to as  Yuto  and  Yuya , used the effect of his " Supreme King Servant Dragon Dark Rebellion " to  reduce the ATK of Kite and Shay's monsters to zero. Before Saya and Allen could witness the climax of the Duel, another portal opened and transported them to  another dimension . [10] 
 Saya and Allen found themselves outside  You Show Duel School , and they the noticed a rock with their fallen  Resistance  comrades floating past, realizing that their comrades had been freed. Saya was surprised to learn that Z-ARC, the Duelist who had been Dueling Shay and Kite, was Yuya. [11]   Declan Akaba  joined the Duel and managed to deal damage to Z-ARC, and Saya and Alen told him to deliver their thoughts to Yuya. However, they were surprised when they thought " Supreme King Z-ARC " had killed Declan. [12] 
 Yuya arrived in the Xyz Dimension following the battle against Z-ARC, and Saya told Yuya that Shay went to look for Lulu in the Fusion Dimension. She watched Yuya and  Dennis McField 's Duel and was surprised by Dennis' Rank-Up and Yuya enduring the repeated attacks of " Performage Trapeze High Magician ". She applaud at the end of the Duel when Yuya won. [13]  Saya is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against Jack with  Gloria ,  Grace ,  Mamoru , Aster, Allen, and Kite. When Yuya brought out " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", Saya and Allen were happy. [14]  She was happy when Yuya won and watched Yuya and Declan's  Action Duel . Saya was surprised when Yuya summoned the  Four Dimension Dragons  in one turn and worried when he was about to be attacked. [15]  She was amazed at how " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon " looked like blooming flowers. Saya was surprised when she thought Yuya defeated Declan and noted how Yuya was smiling after he used the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician " to lower their monsters' ATK to 0. She watched Yuya and Declan gather  Action Cards  to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to "Five-Rainbow Magician". Saya was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu Boyle . [16] 
 
 Deck 
 Saya uses a  " Fairy " Deck  which focuses on defensive tactics, such as damage negation, and is spearheaded by " Fairy Cheer Girl ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Little Fairy [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fairy Dust 
 Traps 
 Fairy Rail 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Lulu Obsidian 
 105 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Lulu Obsidian 
 119 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler 
 107 
 Lose (with  Allen Kozuki )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   1.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Kite Tenjo  in  episode 112 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/60/Sayaka.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160502162058', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/FullSayakaSasayama.png/revision/latest?cb=20160529100159', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Lulu_and_Sayaka.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160517013134', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Allen_and_Saya_sucked_by_void.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170115143154']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters