Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Topsiders


 
 Topsiders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 トップス
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Toppusu
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Tops
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
   Italian : Superiori 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Dexter 
 Don Piero 
 Duel Chasers 
 Officer 227  (former) 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 High Council 
 Hippies 
 Jack Atlas 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Lazar 
 Lucas Swank 
 Melissa Trail 
 Sector Security 
 Stomptroopers 
 White Taki 
 
 
 The  Topsiders , also shortened to  Tops , refers to the upper class of  New Domino City 's society. In the Japanese version, they are known as simply the  Tops . They appear in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime.
 
 Etymology 
 Topsider is derived from the word  Top , meaning "high".
 
 History 
 New Domino's society is entirely competition based, where the "winners" stand to gain everything, and the "losers" stand to lose everything. The upper 1% of New Domino's population is known as the Topsiders. They control 99% of the city's wealth, and live in a magnificent cityscape of highways, skyscrapers, villas, and even smaller metropolises that tower high above the slums of the  Commons , or the remaining 99% of the population, reside in. It is patrolled by  Sector Security , who will apprehend any Commons that are in Topsiders-exclusive areas without authorization. The Topsiders openly discriminate against the Commons, with the possible exception of Commons who are able to achieve great things and become Topsiders themselves, such as  Jack Atlas , who won the  Friendship Cup  and became Duel King. [1]  Even their places at tournaments have a clear divide; Commons sit in an ordinary stadium, while Topsiders generally have private boxes and rooms separate from Commons, though there are exceptions.
 During the  Arc League Championship ,  Yugo  and  Zuzu Boyle  were transported to a Topsiders-exclusive area by  Zuzu's bracelet , where the two explained to each other their knowledge of the events that had transpired before they were discovered by Topsiders residents, prompting them to flee on Yugo's  Duel Runner  only to be forced into a  Turbo Duel  by Sector Security.
 During a Sector Security raid, the Topsiders that were present were escorted from the scene while the Commons were all arrested, as seen with the  Underground Dueling Arena .
 After the  Friendship Cup  Duel between  Yuya Sakaki  and Jack, the concept of the Topsiders was dissolved, as per  White Taki 's announcement of the  High Council 's disbandment.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  locations Standard Dimension 
 Knights of the Duel Disks (Knights of Duels) 
 Paradise City (Maiami City) 
 Abracadabra Academy (Surprise School) 
 Bandit Warrior Academy (Ryozanpaku School) 
 Blue Sea Duel School 
 Chain Duel School 
 Clarity Prep School (Clarity Duel School) 
 Cloud Dragon Form Duel School 
 Communication Duel School 
 Dueling Dynamos (Duel Girls Club) 
 Dododo School 
 Endymion Duel School 
 Fire!Fire! Duel School 
 Flavor Factory School (Cuisine Duel School) 
 Fortune Prep School (Unno Divination School) 
 Fūma Clan Duel School (Fūma Duel School) 
 Kabuki School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling (Leo Duel School) 
 Lily's Duel School 
 Low Level Deck School 
 LV School 
 Paradise Prep School (Maiami Second Middle School) 
 Psycho Duel School 
 Recovery Duel Classroom 
 Ritual School 
 Samurai Duel School 
 Sonic Wing Duel School 
 Strong Dojo (Gongenzaka Dojo) 
 Strongest Style Duel Dojo 
 Super Duelist School (Niko Niko Duel School) 
 Syu Zo Duel School  (manga) 
 Union Duel School 
 Wight School 
 You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki's house 
 Zuzu Boyle's house (Yuzu Hiragi's house) 
 Fusion Dimension 
 City 
 You Show Duel School 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Synchro Dimension 
 New Domino City (City) 
 Capital Building 
 Commons 
 Duel Palace 
 Facility 
 Security's Main Bureau 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Underground Dueling Arena 
 Underground Labor Facility 
 Xyz Dimension 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy Base (Academia Base) 
 Duel Sanctuary (Duel Lodge) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Clover Branch 
 Spade Branch 
 Heartland Tower 
 Old Resistance Base 
 Original Dimension 
 City 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/RealTops.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150512005320', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232']
Categories: Cities