Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Roku.jpg

For the  World Duel Carnival  version of this character, see  Roku (World Duel Carnival) .      
 
 
 Roku 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Roku 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Rokujuro Misawa 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Master Roku 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 三沢 六十郎 
 
 
 French name  
 Rokujuro [1] 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Duel Sanctuary 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Statue Three Musketeers of Face Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 15: " Training Days, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Mick Lauer 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shōichirō Akaboshi 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Riccardo Rovatti 
 
 
 
 Roku , known as  Rokujuro Misawa  (三沢 六十郎,  Misawa Rokujūrō ) [2]  in the Japanese version, is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is an elderly man who is the owner of a  Duel Sanctuary  in the mountains around  Heartland City .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.2.1   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.2.2   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Statue 
 3.2   Three Musketeers of Face Cards 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Etymology 
 Roku's Japanese name given, Rokujuro, can be translated as a form of "sixty six". His English dub name in it's shortened form simply translates into "six". The meaning behind either name remains unclear at this point.
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 During  Yuma 's stay at his  Duel Sanctuary , he taught Yuma about  Duel Monsters  - how they were alive and, specifically, about how they put their life on the line for their Duelist. His teachings influenced Yuma's Dueling, making him protect his monsters more during his Duels, and treating them as his comrades. [3]  After watching Yuma's Duel with  Kaze , he gave Yuma the Deck that Kaze was searching for. [4] 
 When Roku returned to visit Yuma during the  World Duel Carnival , he was angry of the decision Yuma was making to quit the WDC and challenged him to a Duel. Once he defeated Yuma, he told him he tried to use his father as an excuse and that he shouldn't run away from his problems, and was happy when Yuma agreed. Later, Roku told Yuma that he was also aware that  Mr. Heartland  was using the WDC as a cover and is being used by  Dr. Faker . [5]  The next morning, Roku left the  Tsukumo's house , but  Haru  mentioned he was reassured that Yuma would be okay. [6] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 When  Haru Tsukumo  sent  Yuma  back to the  Duel Sanctuary , Kaze explained to him that Roku was away right now, but left two cards that for Yuma to have - " Overlay Chain " and " Overlay Barrage ". [7]  After  Kiraku Souhachi 's statue was discovered, Roku appeared on TV to explain the legend of the warrior and present other artifacts. [2] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
       Girag  vs. Roku and  Kaze .     
 After the  Barians  began to invade  Earth , Roku and  Kaze  became aware of the crisis in  Heartland City  and went to aid  Yuma . When Yuma was rendered unable to Duel, Roku and Kaze attacked the  Seven Barian Emperors  with smoke bombs, allowing Yuma and his group to escape. When  Girag  attempted to give chase, they blocked his path and challenged him to a Duel, Roku claiming that Girag wouldn't get to Yuma without going through them. They made some headway against him at first, with Roku using " Black Luster Soldier ". Eventually, Girag initiated a  Chaos Draw  alongside the other Emperors as Roku and Kaze looked on in shock. [8]  This allowed Girag to use " Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One " to bring out " Number C106: Giant Red Hand ". Roku agreed with Kaze's sentiment that the "blades of their hearts" would not shatter even if their bodies did. "Giant Red Hand" defeated them both and Roku apologized that he wouldn't be able to watch his disciple Yuma grow up as his soul was sent to Barian World. [9] 
 
       Kaze and Roku revived.     
 After  Nash  was defeated by Yuma, Roku was revived as the fusion between Earth and  Barian World  was stopped and the  Barian Pipe  released all the souls it contained. Roku reappeared at the same spot where he and Kaze were defeated by Girag and smiled towards the sky, knowing that Yuma saved them. [10] 
 
 Decks 
 Statue 
 In  Statue Duels , Roku uses a  Wooden Training Deck [3]  consisting of " Statue "  monsters  and other wooden cards. Other than the cards he used, he has other "Statue" cards, some of which were used by  Yuma  and others of which are seen in the Duel Sanctuary.
 
 
 Statue Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Statue Dragon  x3 
 Red-Eyes Statue Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Statue Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Statue Dark Magician 
 Statue Dark Magician Girl Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Recovery 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Reload 
 Statue Zone 
 Traps 
 Shift 
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards 
 Roku plays a  Three Musketeers of Face Cards  Deck  in typical Duels.
 
 
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 King's Knight 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Arcana Knight Joker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Kaze 
 15 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 15 
 Win
 
 
 Kaze 
 15 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 44 
 Win
 
 
 Girag 
 124 - 125 
 Lose (with  Kaze )
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-Zexal/Personnages/Rokujuro . Retrieved February 26, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 107: " Furry Fury " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 15: " Training Days, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 16: " Training Days, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 44: " Rock and a Hard Place " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 82: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 124: " Battle with the Barians " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 125: " Fight for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Whether this is the original " Black Luster Soldier " or its  retrained version  is not specified. For simplicity's sake, the original is listed here. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/Roku.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110719005407', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Girag_Vs._Roku_%26_Kaze.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131006103715', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Kaze_and_Roku_alive.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140406023502']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters