Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Barian_Sphere_Cube


 
 Barian Sphere Cube
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 バリアンズ・スフィア・キューブ
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Barianzu Sufia Kyūbu 
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Varian's Sphere Cube
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Barian Sphere Cube
 
 
 A  Barian Sphere Cube , known as a  Barian's Sphere Cube  or  Varian's Sphere Cube  (バリアンズ・スフィア・キューブ  Barianzu Sufia Kyūbu ) in the Japanese version, is a device developed by the  denizens  of  Barian World  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. They project a  Sphere Field  in order for the Barians to show their true original form as they cannot show it in a low-energy world such as  Earth  and thus must retain their human form. So far, five have been shown to exist and were all used by  Mizar ,  Alito ,  Girag , and  Vector .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Abilities 
 1.3   Limitations 
 
 
 2   History 
 3   See also 
 4   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Three Barian Sphere Cubes before use.     
 When inactive, a Barian Sphere Cube appears in the form of a black octahedron containing a mini red-colored  Sphere Field  pulsating with electricity. After activation, the Cube bursts open and the Sphere Field enlarges.
 
 Abilities 
 The Sphere Cube grants the  Barian  race the ability to gather " Number " cards. When inside it, they may revert to their original Barian forms. Both of these actions are usually impossible when a Barian is on Earth, as they can only take human form there (however Vector was able to conjure an illusion looking as if he could maintain his true form on Earth  without  use of one). It is also shown when a person hits their back against the Sphere Field, they are shocked by it, as shown when Yuma was blown back when " Number 39: Utopia " was destroyed by " Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ".
 The device negatively affected  Astral . After only a short time within the field, he was injured enough that he continued to fade in and out after the Duel ended, though his condition became normal over time. [1]  If Astral stays in for too long, he becomes so injured that he becomes severely incapacitated. [2] 
 
 Limitations 
 An item may exit the Sphere Field without getting damaged. This is shown in the Duel between  Yuma ,  Ray  and  Girag , when the  Emperor's Key  was thrown out the Field by Yuma. [3]  Sphere Fields generated by a Barian Sphere Cube cannot contain much energy, as the Cube will become very unstable, as shown when Mizar's " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon " began to overload it. [4]  Also, unlike  Dr. Faker 's Sphere Field, which harvested all "Numbers" from both players at a Duel's end, a Sphere Cube seems unable to capture the " Numbers " of the player who wins the Duel. They appear to be good for one use only. They also need a large space to be used properly; if one is activated in an environment that is too small, then the device will destroy part of the environment in order to fit. [5] [2]  Also it is possible to counter the effects using ZEXAL Field through  ZEXAL III . [6] 
 
 History 
       The outside of the generated Sphere Field.     
 After  Alito  and  Girag 's constant failures,  Dumon  handed three of these devices to  Mizar  before the latter departed for Earth, telling him to give one to Girag and one to Alito. After he gave the two their Cubes, Mizar immediately makes use of his own, tracking down  Yuma Tsukumo  and beginning a  Duel . [5] 
 
         The power of " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon " threatens to destroy the Sphere Cube.     
 Monsters of significant enough power can affect the integrity of the Sphere Cube. When " Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon " and " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " were Summoned, the ground around the Sphere Cube began to collapse. Finally, when " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon " was Summoned, the Sphere Cube began to collapse. Mizar canceled the Duel as a result. [4] 
 During Girag's Battle Royal, he was about to defeat Yuma after wearing him down when Alito intervened, using " Lightning Clinch " and " Brain Reboot " to defeat all the remaining opponents. Girag was enraged by Alito's betrayal, but Alito told him that he wanted to Duel against Yuma fairly. After revealing his true nature as a Barian, Alito began his Duel with Yuma, with the former deploying his Barian Sphere Cube. The two battled as they had last time, with counter after counter, which excited Alito. [7] 
 As the Duel continued, Alito managed to Xyz Summon his own " Number ", " Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus ". Yuma and Astral then united with the power of  ZEXAL  and Summoned " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", forcing it to tie in battle with Alito's "Number", destroying both of them, to which both activated " Xyz Stand ". Alito shed his human disguise, revealing his Barian form to Yuma and Astral. With the effect of " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " he managed to Summon " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus " which pushed Yuma into an even tighter corner. However thanks to ZEXAL and " ZW - Eagle Claw ", Yuma was able to defeat Alito. After the Duel, Alito left using a portal but was viciously attacked at his and Girag's base by an unknown person, only to be found later on by Girag, injured. When Girag asked him who did that to him, he said only the name "Shadows". [8] 
 During Yuma's and Ray's Duel against Girag, Ray told Yuma that he was a member of " Barian's Guardians " and threw him " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ". With it, Yuma Summoned " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ", defeating Girag and destroying the Barian Sphere Field Cube. [2] 
 Vector's clone was shown to have at least two more Barian Sphere Cubes in his possession, which he used against  Vector  (as Ray) and later Yuma. [9] 
 After receiving and adjusting to the power of Chaos,  Number 96  obtained the ability to create a Sphere Field without the aid of a Barian Sphere Cube. The sphere dissolved when Number 96 activated " Chaos Field ". [10] [11] 
 
 See also 
 Sphere Field 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 84: " Playing Defense " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 87: " Dual Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 88: " Dual Duel: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 83: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 82: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 123: " Assimilation, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 85: " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 86: " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 94: " Enter Vector " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 110: " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 111: " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Sphere_Cube.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130502005508', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Barian%27sSphereCube.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20121209125519', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Barian%27sSphereField.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121210171849', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/C107_destroying_Barian_Sphere_Cube.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121218133718']
Categories: Items