Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_168


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 168 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 忍びよるダーツの影 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shinobiyoru Dātsu no Kage 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Creeping Shadow of Dartz 
 
 
 English 
 Paradise Found 
 
 
 Number 
 168 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 19, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 12, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " 
 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Discussion 
 2   Sneak Attack 
 3   Dartz is always two steps ahead 
 4   Mission:Infiltration 
 5   Run From the Cops 
 6   Paradius Inc. 
 7   Confrontation and Escape 
 8   Valon Goes Solo 
 9   Differences between Adaptations 
 10   Mistakes 
 11   Featured cards 
 
 
 Discussion 
 The KC chopper is flying towards the city and Kaiba looks defeated:  Doma  has taken over his company. Mokuba points out how strange the maneuver was since both he and Kaiba hold roughly half of the company's shares and they were bought without them noticing. 
 Kaiba admits that he's underestimated Doma, but there's one clue left: the murals at the Florida museum. 
 Sneak Attack 
 A group of KC men are uploading into a computer photos of the engravings taken from the ruins of Atlantis. 
 Thugs hired by Doma knock out all of the staff, but not before they manage to send the data to Kaiba's laptop. They contact  Professor Hawkins  who announces that the fossilized text needs to be computer-processed. 
 Kaiba suggests going to the KC USA building even though it's been taken over: its supercomputer will do the job. 
 Suddenly, the aurora appears again and Yami Yugi wonders if what happened " back then " will happen again. 
 Dartz is always two steps ahead 
 Dartz notes to himself how 'something' deep within the ocean seems to be growing stronger, dwelling on its implications. 
 Dartz :  (thinking)  Soon enough, after the passing of 10,000 years,  The Great Leviathan  shall return to destroy mankind. 
 The scene of the room changes focus, and Rafael is seen kneeling behind him. Dartz displays the giant stone tablet of seized souls and zooms in on  Alister 's small carving. Rafael looks slightly concerned, but Dartz tells him not to fret: Alister will become food for their God and be the foundation of a new future. He also tells him that Yami Yugi will arrive soon, and Rafael vows to capture his soul. The room illuminates, and Dartz is left alone. 
 The far wall opens and reveals a rather empty chamber, the ground of which is filled with candles with skulls for bases. Dartz Summons the "Seal of Orichalcos" and "infuses life" into the scattered fragments of his God. 
 The energy flies across the world and Orichalcos fragments gain the power to Summon Orichalcos Soldiers. Dartz then smiles sinisterly and wonders if he should prepare to receive the "Chosen Duelists". 
 He conjures another "Seal", filled with "real" Duel Monsters, over the KC USA building. 
 Mission:Infiltration 
 After a rendezvous in the port, Kaiba and Yami Yugi head to the KC USA building and get in using an underground passage. 
 Téa and Tristan go to try to warn the police. 
 Rebecca, the Professor, Joey and Duke enter an electrical connections room near the building and Rebecca hacks into the system to assist Kaiba and Yami Yugi. 
 Soon enough, Yami Yugi and Kaiba stumble upon the horde of Duel Monsters, summoning their own to break through the mass and then protect themselves while they are in the main computer room. 
 Run From the Cops 
 Téa and Tristan soon find out that the police are also 'possessed' by the power of the Orichalcos. One of them actually throws a stone towards them and Summons an Orichalcos Soldier. Both of them have no choice but to run off, finding that the city is being overrun with them. 
 Paradius Inc. 
 Kaiba uses the supercomputer to analyze the data and the Professor deciphers the text: after 10,000 years, the Black Dragon God which swallows the Sun shall be revived and the new Paradise shall come to happen. 
 Yami Yugi quickly realizes what "Paradise" means: Atlantis. 
 Kaiba is shocked to recognize the medal of the Paradius Inc. conglomerate in the ruins' images. (The name 'Paradius' is reminiscent of the word 'paradise'). He explains what he knows of the organization to Yami Yugi: they hold a fortune and power equivalent to that of Presidents and Prime Ministers. And the name of their leader is... Dartz! 
 Upon seeing the display showing Dartz in business attire, Yami Yugi recognizes him from the vision. He looks too similar: he's sure it's the same man. But there's one flaw: that vision happened 10,000 years ago. How can he be still alive? 
 Meanwhile the Great Leviathan's shadow is seen flying in the sky by Yami Yugi and Kaiba. 
 Confrontation and Escape 
 Suddenly, the room explodes and the connection Rebecca had is lost. Joey asks where Paradius Inc.'s home office is at, and then runs off over there: it's time to bring the battle to their base. 
 Kaiba and Yami Yugi are confronted by Dartz, standing atop  The Great Leviathan  in its Dragon form. He claims that the new world according to the ideals of Doma will soon be born. When questioned of his goals, Dartz merely replies that he abides by his own set Fate. 
 Kaiba and Yami Yugi Summon their Legendary Dragons and challenge Dartz. 
 Dartz :  " The Honorable “Legendary Dragons”? It has been a while, Timaeus. Does that one eye still ache? " 
 As a response, Timaeus tries to attack him, but he and the  The Great Leviathan  vanish. Dartz's voice echoes in the empty space and tells them that they shall realize their powerlessness. 
 The Duel Monster break in: Kaiba & Yami Yugi flee to the roof and use the  Blue-Eyes White Dragon jet  to flee, although it's shot down. Kaiba vows to recover his company. 
 The Great Leviathan  is seen in its shadow form flying across the world. 
 Valon Goes Solo 
 Elsewhere, Valon is standing in a hill near the city when Rafael contacts him: they need to go after Alister's enemy. Valon replies that he'll go after Joey, surprising Rafael. He picks his bike and heads towards the city. 
 Differences between Adaptations 
 Since the dub takes place in the East Coast of the United States, rather than Japan, the Kaibacorp USA building is treated as the same Kaibacorp headquarters in Domino City. 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, during various scenes of the manhole,  Tristan Taylor 's voice can be heard. However, he's actually with  Téa Gardner , fleeing from the possessed cops. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 
 Duel Monsters (Doma) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Clown Zombie 
 Dragon Zombie 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Headless Knight 
 Hercules Beetle 
 Killer Needle 
 Lesser Dragon 
 Lord Poison 
 Ocubeam 
 Serpent Night Dragon 
 Shining Abyss 
 Whiptail Crow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Jeroid 
 Jirai Gumo 
 Kaitoptera 
 Morphing Jar 
 Reaper of the Cards Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Barox 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Vorse Raider 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Fang of Critias 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Yugioh168.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071015185614']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes