Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Hiroto_Honda_(manga)


 
 Hiroto Honda 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Hiroto Honda 
 
 
 Other   
 Tristan Taylor 
 
 
 Japanese   
 本田 ヒロト 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 April 19 [1] [2] 
 
 
 Height 
 180 cm [1] [2] 
 
 
 Weight 
 65 kg [1] [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 A [1] [2] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Okonomiyaki [1] [2] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Natto [1] [2] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Father Sister Johji  (nephew) Blankey  (pet dog) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 
 
 Hiroto Honda  known as  Tristan Taylor  in the English version of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of Hiroto Honda, known as  Tristan Taylor  in most English media, as created by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 Honda started out as a bully, who would along with  Katsuya Jonouchi , would pick on  Yugi Mutou . However soon after Jonouchi became friends with Yugi, he got Yugi to help when Honda had a crush on  Miho Nosaka , resulting in Honda befriending Yugi.
 Honda accompanies Yugi on most of his adventurers. His fighting and shooting skills prove useful in earlier games. During  Duel Monsters  tournaments, he and  Anzu Mazaki  provide support and encouragement for Yugi and Jonouchi.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   School arc 
 1.2   Death-T 
 1.3   Monster World 
 1.4   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.5   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 1.6   Battle City 
 1.7   Pharaoh's Memory 
 1.8   Ceremonial Battle 
 1.9   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 School arc 
       Ushio  beat-up  Jonouchi  and Honda for  Yugi .     
 Honda and  Jonouchi  used to bully Yugi at school. Together they took the unsolved  Millennium Puzzle  from Yugi and teased him about it. However  Anzu Mazaki  arrived and told them off, causing the two boys to flee. While talking about what happened in the hall, Honda and Jonouchi met the hall monitor,  Ushio , who overheard them mentioning bullying. Jonouchi tried telling Ushio to stay out of it, but knowing how influential Ushio was, Honda restrained Jonouchi and said nothing important about bullying. The next day Ushio beat-up Jonouchi and Honda, accusing them of bullying Yugi.  However Yugi tried defending them when he found out, which resulted in him being beaten-up too. [3] 
 Although Jonouchi became friends with Yugi after the encounter with Ushio, Honda still forced Yugi to carry stuff and buy pornographic magazines for him. [4] 
 Honda lent his air rifle to the class for usage in their  Carnival Games  booth for the  school festival . [5] 
 Honda developed a crush on  Miho Nosaka (manga) . As his infatuation got to him, he let Jonouchi know and despite Honda's wishes, Jonouchi told Yugi and asked him for help. Yugi suggested that they browse his  family's store  for a present.  Yugi's grandfather  suggested a  love letter jigsaw puzzle . Honda could write a love letter to Miho on it, for her to assemble when she receives it. Jonouchi laughed at the idea of Honda doing something like that. However Honda thought it was perfect and bought it. Having never sent a love letter before, he got Yugi to write one and threatened him, should Miho not like it. [4] 
 
       Honda becomes friends with Yugi.     
 The next day at school, the teacher  Ms. Chono  found the puzzle on Miho's desk and confiscated it. As she found out it was a love letter, she read it to the class and offered the sender a chance to confess or face expulsion. Although owning up would still result in expulsion. Yugi claimed to have wrote it and Jonouchi claimed to have sent it, so Honda can still have a chance with Miho. However Honda also claimed it was from him. Chono continued the puzzle to find out who really sent it and planned to punish the others for lying.  Dark Yugi  emerged and turned the jigsaw into a Shadow Game,  Dark Puzzle ; as Chono continued to complete the puzzle, she felt the pain she was inflicting on others by doing it. The makeup on her face began to peel away, revealing her true ugly self. Chono then fleed the room, sparing the boys any trouble. [4] 
 After the incident, Honda plucked up the courage to ask Miho out directly, but she rejected him. Jonouchi then treated him to a hamburger to cheer him up and since then Honda became good friends with Yugi. [4] 
 Honda accompanied Jonouchi when he bought new top of the range shoes at the  Junky Scorpion . Honda didn't see how such a fuss could be made out of shoes and tried to talk Jonouchi out of taking the  store owner's  test of putting his foot into a shoe, believed to have a scorpion in it. After leaving the shop, Honda, Jonouchi and Yugi were attacked from behind, by  a gang  who stole Jonouchi's shoes. They tracked down the gang afterwards. Jonouchi and Honda beat up the gang, who told them they were paid by the store owner. Dark Yugi played  coin in sneaker  with the store owner, resulting in Yugi returning to Jonouchi and Honda with the shoes, unaware of how he got them back. [6] 
 Honda first learned about  Duel Monsters  while watching Yugi and Jonouchi playing at school. [7] 
 
       Honda interrogates  a member  of  Hirutani's gang .     
 Honda started to worry when Jonouchi missed a day of school. Unable to recall Jonouchi ever missing school before, he suspected something was wrong. He, Yugi and  Anzu  investigated by visiting Jonouchi's apartment, but fled after  Jonouchi's father  yelled at them mistaking them for Jonouchi. They continued to search for Jonouchi and found him with  Hirutani's gang , who were attacking someone outside the  American Club . Afterwards Honda told Yugi and Anzu about Jonouchi's past with  Hirutani  and the three of them agreed that Jonouchi wouldn't have willingly rejoined the gang. Honda later interrogated  one of the members  into telling them why Jonouchi rejoined; He had been blackmailed, with  Hirutani  threatening to beat-up members of Jonouchi's class. Honda went to  J'z  in search of the gang, but found the place in a mess, with  one unconscious member  of the gang. Unable to get him to wake-up, Honda, Anzu and Yugi suspected Jonouchi was in trouble and split-up to find him. Honda later found Yugi tending to Jonouchi, after  Dark Yugi  defeated the gang in  Landmine Search Network , unbeknownst to everyone else. [8] [9] 
 Yugi invited Honda, Jonouchi and Anzu to  The Art of Egypt  exhibition at  Domino City Museum , with his friends free of charge because  Sugoroku Mutou  was friends with  Professor Yoshimori . Honda initially got Jonouchi fearful of curses by mentioning that there would be a mummy at the exhibition. At the exhibition, he met Professor Yoshimori and  Curator Kanekura  and was shown around by Yoshimori. [10] 
 
 Death-T 
 As a favor to his sister, Honda takes his nephew  Johji  to the  Kaiba Land . Here he meets with Yugi and Jonouchi and assists them in  Death-T .
 They meet Anzu at the start of Death-T 1, who had been hired at KaibaLand. Honda gets her to mind Johji, while he takes part in the first game, the Stardust Shootout. Using his sharpshooting skills, Honda takes charge. Since Kaiba rigged the game, Yugi and his friends laser guns were duds. But the staff were unaware Anzu was their friend, so she had been given a functional gun. Using her gun and hiding Johji on his back, Honda is able to take out the remaining opposition. In exchange for Johji's help, Honda had promised him a bath with Anzu, which she blatantly refuses.
 Honda gets trapped in the Death-T 3 stage, after his coat gets caught under a falling block. After Dark Yugi rescues  Mokuba Kaiba , from  Seto Kaiba 's artificial  Penalty Game , Mokuba repays him, by saving Honda.
 Honda arrives to cheer Yugi on in Death-T 5.
 
 Monster World 
 Honda, along with Yugi, Anzu and Jonouchi visit  Ryo Bakura , to play  Monster World . However, Bakura gets possessed by  Dark Bakura , who turns the game into a  Shadow Game .
 Honda gets trapped in  his piece , a magic gunman. His friends also get trapped inside pieces, while Dark Yugi leads them as the player. On their first encounter with  Dark Master Zorc , Honda manages to shoot off one of his arms off. On a later encounter, Honda attacks Zorc, who has been weakened by the  White Wizard Bakura , causing Zorc to turn into his final form.
 After the game, Honda and his friends are returned to normal.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Honda, Anzu and  Bakura  accompany Yugi and Jonouchi to  Duelist Kingdom .
 During the preliminaries, he cheers Yugi and Jonouchi on from the sidelines of their Duels.
 As Yugi and Jonouchi are about to enter the  Duelist Kingdom  finals,  Saruwatari  refuses Honda, Anzu and Bakura entry as they are not finalists. Jonouchi knocks out Saruwatari to let the others in.
 The day before the finals, Honda asked Yugi to try and save the Kaiba brothers, remembering how Mokuba saved him during  Death-T . Also, he went away to get Mokuba's body, but was caught by a guard. Later, Bakura arrived and freed him, then they left. Honda was acting suspicious about Bakura.
 Honda cheered for Yugi and Jonouchi from the sidelines during the final rounds.
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 He, along with Jonouchi, Anzu, and Sugoroku, tried looking for Yugi when he was lost in the  Black Clown  store, where he was actually playing  D.D.M  with  Ryuji Otogi .
 
 Battle City 
 He, with Ryuji, went to the hospital to pick up  Shizuka Kawai , Jonouchi's sister. He later cheered from the sidelines for Yugi and Jonouchi during the finals
 
 Pharaoh's Memory 
 When Dark Yugi entered the world of memory to relieve his past, he went with Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu, and  Bobasa  to the World of Memory, and witnessed Bobasa transforming into  Hasan . He was tagging along with the group, and helped defeat  Zorc Necrophades .
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 He witnessed the  Ceremonial Battle , and said good-bye to  Atem , before he passed on to the afterlife.
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
   This section is currently incomplete. 
 Honda remains close friends with Jonouchi, Bakura, Ryuji and Yugi. He stated that he will start working at his father's factory after graduation.
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 1: Character Directory" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 27.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). "Millennium Book – Chapter 1: School arc" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 40.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 7: " The Face of Truth " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 6: " Into the Fire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 8: " The Poison Man " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 11: " The Wild Gang (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 12: " The Wild Gang (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 13: " Evil Spirit of the Ring " 
 
 
 v e 
 Tristan Taylor  (Hiroto Honda) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Honda_manga_portal.png/revision/latest?cb=20100417162945', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/YGO-001_Jonouchi_and_Honda_beaten.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160427203350', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/YGO-007_Something_changed_between_us.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430204659', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Hirutani_henchman_interrogated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160522201342', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Tristan Taylor pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters