Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_011


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 十代 & 翔 ！ タッグデュエル (後編) 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jūdai to Shō! Taggu Dyueru (Kōhen) 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Judai & Sho! Tag Duel (Second Part) 
 
 
 English 
 Tag Team Trial, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 011 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 15, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 25, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Seung Jin Bang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " 
 " Formula for Success " 
 
 
 
 
 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 ", known as " "Judai & Sho! Tag Duel (Second Part) " in the Japanese version, is the eleventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on December 15, 2004 in the United States on October 25, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  continue their Duel with the  Paradox Brothers , with their continued stay at  Duel Academy  at stake. Jaden helps Syrus overcome his self-esteem issues, and they start functioning as a team.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki and Syrus Truesdale vs. Para and Dox 
 2.2   Chumley Huffington vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 2.3   Jaden Yuki vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Errors 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  are down to 1700  LP  in their Duel with the  Paradox Brothers , who still have 7000. If they lose this Duel, they will be expelled.  Alexis Rhodes  and  Bastion Misawa  discuss the situation, though their interaction differs  between the versions .  Dr. Crowler  asks  Chancellor Sheppard  if they can just expel Jaden and Syrus now rather than prolong their suffering. Jaden continues the Duel, and tells Syrus that there's a card in the latter's Deck that can defeat " Gate Guardian ". Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and  equips  it with " Spark Blaster ", using its effect to switch "Gate Guardian" to  Defense Position . Jaden  Sets  a card to end his turn, while Dox draws and also Sets a card. With some further encouragement from Jaden, Syrus regains some of his confidence, and realizes what card he can use to beat "Gate Guardian". He draws, and then Summons " Drillroid ", which can destroy a Defense Position monster it battles regardless of stats. He uses it to destroy " Defense Wall " and then plays " Shield Crush ", destroying "Gate Guardian". Syrus Sets a card to end his turn.
 Para, however, plays " Dark Element ", which allows him to  pay  half of his team's LP to  Special Summon  " Dark Guardian " from his  Deck  so long as "Gate Guardian" is in his  Graveyard . He attacks "Drillroid", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Barrier " to  negate  the attack. Syrus falls to his knees, frustrated that all he did was make the situation worse by destroying "Gate Guardian". Jaden plays " Pot of Greed " to draw two more cards, and then activates " Fusion Gate ", which allows both teams to  fuse  monsters without " Polymerization " provided they  remove  the Fusion Material Monsters from play. He uses it to fuse "Sparkman" with the " Elemental HERO Avian " and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " in his  hand  to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Tempest ". He then activates " Skyscraper ". He attacks "Dark Guardian" with "Skyscraper" raising "Tempest's" attack power by 1000, equal to "Dark Guardian", which can't be destroyed in battle. Jaden sends Syrus' face-down card to the Graveyard to prevent "Tempest's" own destruction via its effect. Dox begins his turn, activating his face-down " One-on-One Fight ", which forces the two strongest monsters to do battle. "Dark Guardian" battles "Tempest", with Jaden sending "Skyscraper" to the Graveyard to prevent his monster's destruction.
 Syrus  Tributes  "Drillroid" to Summon " UFOroid ". He then plays " Power Bond " to fuse it with Jaden's "Tempest" to Fusion Summon " UFOroid Fighter ", whose ATK becomes 4000 - equal to the combined attack of the monsters used as Fusion Materials. "Power Bond" doubles its ATK, to 8000, and an attack on "Dark Guardian" reduces the brothers to 0 LP. Crowler is shocked that Jaden and Syrus were able to win, and Chancellor Sheppard honors the agreement, lifting their expulsions. Jaden tells the brothers that they should have a rematch someday, and that he had fun. However, this doesn't mean that their punishment is lifted altogether, and Sheppard assigns them a ten-page paper (thirty pages in the Japanese version) much to Jaden's horror.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki and Syrus Truesdale vs. Para and Dox 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Jaden and Syrus have 1700 Life Points remaining. Jaden and Syrus both control no cards.
 Para and Dox have 7000 Life Points remaining. Para controls "Gate Guardian" (3750/3400) in Attack Position. Dox controls "Defense Wall" (0/2100) in Defense Position and " Fairy Meteor Crush " (equipped to "Gate Guardian").
 Turn 11: Jaden 
 Jaden   draws . He then  Normal Summons  " Elemental HERO Sparkman " (1600/1400) in  Attack Position . He then  activates  " Spark Blaster ",  equipping  it to "Sparkman". Now during each of Jaden's  Main Phases , he can switch the  battle position  of a  monster  on the  field . If Jaden uses this effect three times, "Spark Blaster" will be  destroyed . Jaden activates the  effect  of "Spark Blaster" to switch " Gate Guardian " (3750/3400) to  Defense Position . Jaden  Sets  a card.
 Turn 12: Dox 
 Dox  draws a card and subsequently Sets it.
 Turn 13: Syrus 
 Syrus  draws. He then Normal Summons " Drillroid " (1600/1600) in Attack Position. "Drillroid"  attacks  " Defense Wall ". The attack fails (Jaden/Syrus: 1700 → 1200 LP), but since "Drillroid" attacked a monster in Defense Position, the effect of "Drillroid" activates, destroying "Defense Wall". Syrus then activates " Shield Crush " to destroy "Gate Guardian". He then Sets a card.
 Turn 14: Para 
 Para  draws. Since "Gate Guardian" is in his  Graveyard , Para activates " Dark Element " to  pay  half his team's  LP  (Para/Dox: 7000 → 3500 LP) and  Special Summon  " Dark Guardian " (3800/3800) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. "Dark Guardian" attacks Drillroid", but Jaden activates his  face-down  " Hero Barrier " to  negate  the attack as he  controls  an " Elemental HERO " monster.
 Turn 15: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. He then activates " Fusion Gate ". Now both teams can  Fusion Summon  without using " Polymerization " by  removing from play  the  Fusion Material  monsters. Jaden uses the effect of "Fusion Gate" to fuse "Sparkman", " Elemental HERO Avian ", and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Tempest " (2800/2800) in Attack Position. 
 Jaden then activates " Skyscraper ", which destroys "Fusion Gate". Now when an " Elemental HERO " monster battles a monster with more ATK, it will gain 1000  ATK  during  damage calculation . "Tempest" attacks "Dark Guardian". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Tempest": 2800 → 3800 ATK). Jaden then activates the effect of "Tempest" to  Tribute  Syrus' Set card and prevent "Tempest" from being destroyed by battle, but the attack ends in a stalemate as "Dark Guardian"  cannot be destroyed by battle . After damage calculation, the effect of "Skyscraper" expires ("Tempest": 3800 → 2800 ATK).
 Turn 16: Dox 
Dox draws. He then activates his face-down " One-on-One Fight " to force the monsters with the highest ATK on both sides of the field to  battle . "Dark Guardian" then attacks "Tempest", but Jaden activates the effect of "Tempest" to Tribute "Skyscraper" and prevent "Tempest" from being destroyed by battle (Jaden/Syrus: 1200 → 200 LP).
 Turn 17: Syrus 
Syrus draws " Power Bond ". He then Tributes "Drillroid" to  Tribute Summon  " UFOroid " (1200/1200) in Attack Position. He then activates "Power Bond" to fuse "UFOroid" and "Tempest" to Fusion Summon " UFOroid Fighter " (?/?) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "UFOroid Fighter", the  original ATK and DEF  of "UFOroid Fighter" becomes equal to the total ATK of its Fusion Material Monsters ("UFOroid Fighter": ? → 4000/? → 4000). Due to the effect of "Power Bond", the ATK of "UFOroid Fighter" is doubled ("UFOroid Fighter": 4000 → 8000 ATK), but Syrus will take  damage  equal to the original ATK of "UFOroid Fighter" during the  End Phase . "UFOroid Fighter" attacks "Dark Guardian". Due to the effect of "Dark Guardian", it is not destroyed (Para/Dox: 3500 → 0 LP).
 
 Chumley Huffington vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 Duel already in progress. Syrus controls a monster in Attack Position and a Defense Position.
 Syrus' turn 
Syrus draws.
 The rest of the Duel is not shown.
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 Duel already in progress. Jaden controls a monster in Attack Position and a monster in a Defense Position and one Set card. Syrus also controls a set card.
 Syrus' turn 
Syrus Normal Summons a monster, but Jaden activates his face-down " Trap Hole " to destroy the summoned monster.
 Jaden's turn 
Jaden draws. He passes his turn.
 Syrus' turn 
Syrus draws. He then activates his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to revive the monster that Jaden destroyed via "Trap Hole".
 The rest of the Duel is not shown.
 
 Trivia 
 Jaden fusing "Avian", "Bubbleman", and "Sparkman" to summon "Tempest" mirrors the brothers using "Kazejin", "Suijin", and "Sanga" to summon "Gate Guardian" as the three storm elements are combined into one monster. 
 Jaden and Syrus defeating the Paradox Brothers with "UFOroid Fighter" by fusing "Elemental HERO Tempest and "UFOroid", is similar to how  Yugi  and  Joey  won with " B. Skull Dragon " by fusing monsters from their respective decks, " Summoned Skull " and " Red-Eyes B. Dragon ". 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Misawa  comments that the brothers have tuned their Decks specifically to complement one another in a Tag Duel, while  Judai  and  Sho  have not, and they have been unable to function well as a team.  Asuka  agrees with him. In the dub, Alexis generally responds to Bastion by telling him to be more positive, or to stop speaking altogether. 
 In the dub, Alexis states she's glad that Jaden will get to stay at the Academy, which prompts Bastion to state that she must have meant Jaden and Syrus. This adds to the implied romantic interest that Alexis has in Jaden, which was not present at this point in the Japanese version. In the original version, she says she would have felt bad if they had been expelled because of her, as they went to the  Abandoned Dorm  to save her. 
 In the dub, when Jaden sends " Elemental Hero Tempest " to attack " Dark Guardian ", Alexis is confused by this move, wondering if Jaden was hoping for a draw. Only in the Japanese version is this move eventually explained: Judai was dropping a hint to Sho without breaking the ban on discussing strategies with the partner. More specifically, Judai wanted the follow-up attack on "Tempest" to occur so Sho could see that, even when a monster isn’t destroyed by battle, damage can still occur. Sure enough, Sho caught the hint, which let him accept " Power Bond " as the right move to make. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Tempest Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fusion Gate 
 Pot of Greed 
 Skyscraper 
 Spark Blaster 
 Traps 
 Hero Barrier 
 
 Syrus Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid 
 UFOroid Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 UFOroid Fighter Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Power Bond 
 Shield Crush 
 
 Para Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Guardian 
 Gate Guardian Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Element 
 
 Dox Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Defense Wall Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 Traps 
 One-on-One Fight 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  (dub only) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid  (dub only) 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  (dub only) 
 Steamroid  (dub only) 
 Errors 
 When Jaden and Syrus take battle damage from "Dark Guardian" and "Elemental HERO Tempest" battling, "Skyscraper" is shown in a Monster Card zone on Syrus's Duel Disk instead of "Drillroid". 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Series011.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120728231915', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes