Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Mira_Tsukumo.png

For the manga version of this character, see  Mirai Tsukumo (manga) .      
 
 
 Mira Tsukumo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Mirai Tsukumo 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Mira Tsukumo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 九十九 未来 九十九未来 つくもみらい Rōmaji: ( Tsukumo Mirai ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Kazuma Tsukumo  (husband) Kari Tsukumo  (daughter) Yuma Tsukumo  (son) Haru Tsukumo  (mother-in-law) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Adventurer 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Veronica Taylor 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Eri Miyajima 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Daniela Fava 
 
 
 
 Mira Tsukumo , known as  Mirai Tsukumo  ( 九十九   未来 ,  Tsukumo Mirai ) in the manga and Japanese versions, is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . She is the mother of  Kari  and  Yuma  and wife of  Kazuma .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Etymology 
 Her given Japanese name, Mirai, means "future" in Japanese. This possibly refers to  Number F0: Utopic Future , the card that symbolizes her son. 
 Her English name Mira means "peace" in South Slavic languages, referring not only to "Utopic Future", but also to the entire  Utopia  archetype.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Yuma as a little boy with his mother.     
 Mira worked as an adventurer together with  Kazuma Tsukumo , and as the mother of  Kari Tsukumo  and  Yuma Tsukumo . They collected many Aztec and Inca artifacts over their travels, which they stored is an attic above Yuma's bedroom. [1] 
 When Kazuma and Yuma went on trip when Yuma was younger, Mira dealt with Kari's complaining about not being taken with them. To eased her daughter's jealously, Mira offered to spent time with her and go out to eat, which made Kari excited. While traversing a snowy mountain, Mira and her husband saw a blinding light before the mountain began to break apart and Kazuma ended up falling off the cliff. Mira tired to pull him put by the rope that connected them, but was struggling. Knowing that Mira couldn't save him and would fall in with him, Kazuma began to cut their rope. She begged him not to do it, but he assured his wife that his not abandoning hope because there was hope for her to survive. After Kazuma cut the rope and fell, Mira cried and called out to her husband. Weeks later, Kazuma was found and they traveled back to  Heartland  to their worried family with the  Emperor's Key  in tow. Sometime later, they told Kari to be careful about Yuma's Duels, saying a great fate would awaken one day. This made Kari jealous, who simply thought that her parents giving Yuma more attention again, but Mira told her it's her duty as the oldest to take care of Yuma and support him in his future hardships because they won't be there for him one day. [2]  After Kazuma gave Yuma the key, Mira and her husband disappeared soon after, leading many to believe that they were dead. [3] 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
       Mira and Kazuma in the Astral World.     
 In reality, Mira is currently with her husband in the  Astral World  (though it was never explained how Mira ended up there with him). After  Yuma 's Duel with  Eliphas  ended, Mira and  Kazuma  watched as Yuma and  Astral  left the Astral World from a cliff. Mira was proud of Yuma for changing the world and commented how much he had grown. With knowledge that Yuma had "chosen" them, Mira stated that their son would mature even more and shed tears of joy. [4] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
       Mira brought back from Astral World.     
 After  Yuma 's and  Astral 's final Duel, Mira and  Kazuma  returned to  Earth , having resumed their adventuring. They were last seen exploring a canyon together. [5] 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 46: " Family Leave " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Mira_Tsukumo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130928093754', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Mira_and_young_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170325063521', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/Kazuma_and_Mira_in_the_Astral_World.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130919182855', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/Mira_back_on_Earth.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170324191056']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters