Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_035


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 035 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 戦慄！地縛神コカパク・アプ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Senritsu! Jibakushin Kokapaku Apu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Terrifying! Earthbound God Ccapac Apu 
 
 
 English 
 Dark Signs, Part 4 
 
 
 Number 
 035 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 26, 2008 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 July 11, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yoshikatsu Inoue 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " 
 " Supersensory Shakedown " 
 
 
 
 
 " Dark Signs, Part 4 ", known as " Terrifying! Earthbound God Ccapac Apu " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 26, 2008 and in the United States on July, 11 2009.
 The Duel between  Yusei  and  Kalin  continues. Yusei Summons " Stardust Dragon " in order to defeat " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon ". However, Kalin smirks and holds up another trump card, " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Kalin Kessler vs. Yusei Fudo 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Turbo Duel continues while  Jack  and  Crow  still watching it with concern. Crow then heard  Rally Dawson ’s voice who call him by name. Rally is followed by  Blitz ,  Nervin  and  Tank  and the 4 friends find Crow. Rally asks Crow where’s  Yusei . The duelist show them the enormous sign on the ground to indicate that Yusei is there dueling against  Kalin Kessler . Yusei still follows his former friend with his  Duel Runner  while doing the  Turbo Duel . Nervin wonders why is Yusei doing a Turbo Duel and Tank asks who is Yusei’s opponent. Crow tells them that Yusei’s opponent is Kalin. The 4 friends are surprised by it. Rally asks Crow what is happening here. Crow answer that he’s not sure yet, but can confirm that the flaming course is no illusion and Yusei is doing a Turbo Duel of life-or-death. The 4 friends are now concerned for Yusei.
 Yusei having 1800  Life Points  while Kalin is still at 4000 Life Points. Kalin said to Yusei that his Duel Runner isn’t doing so well, which indicates that Yusei has trouble maintaining control of his Duel Runner. He hopes that his Duel Runner will managed to pull through until the outcome of the Turbo Duel. Kalin said to Yusei that at the end of the turn, " Speed Spell - Power Baton " will end its effect, causing the ATK of " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " to revert back to his original 3000.
 At the helicopter, Jack,  Carly  and  Mina  are watching the Turbo Duel through the monitor. Jack says that it’s true that Kalin's Handless Combo is a horrifying combo which allows him to freely use the effects of monsters in the  Graveyard  when his hand is empty. But he's sure Yusei should be up to this.
 It’s Yusei's turn. His SPC goes to 7. Yusei figures that Kalin’s Handless Combo can only activate its effect when his hand is empty and thinks there’s a way to counter it. He said when there's monsters only on his opponent’s side of the field, this card can be Special Summon as a Level 4 Monster. He then Summons " Level Warrior " with 300 ATK and its level at 4. After that, he Normal Summons " Hyper Synchron " with 1600 ATK. He uses them to  Synchro Summon  " Stardust Dragon " with 2500 ATK.
 Kalin laughs and said that this dragon is the symbol of a  Signer  and tell Yusei to come at him with his best shot. Yusei said that next is the effect of "Hyper Synchron", in which the  Synchro Monster  that used it as a  Synchro Material Monster  increases in ATK by 800 points. Its ATK becomes 3300.  Nervin  says that Yusei's monster is not stronger than Kalin. Rally encourages Yusei to win. But Crow is worried about Kalin’s Handless Combo. 
 Yusei sends "Stardust Dragon" to attack "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" . Kalin said that "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" will gain the effects of the " Infernity Guardian " in his Graveyard, so his monster will not be  destroyed by battle . But Yusei said that Kalin will still take  Battle Damage . Kalin loses 300 Life Points. Kalin laughs and said to Yusei that was quite some fine damage and they should have fun dwindling away at each other’s lives.
 Yusei said that because he inflicted Battle Damage with "Stardust Dragon", his  Continuous Trap Card , " Shard of Hope ", will activate. This card permits him to draw a card from his Deck and if it’s a Trap Card, he can give up "Shard of Hope" to activate it. He draws a card and the card he drew is the Trap Card, " Miracle Locus ". He destroys "Shard of Hope" to activate "Miracle Locus", which led Kalin to draw one card from his Deck, making the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" rise to 4300. He asks Kalin to draw, in which he does so along by cursing Yusei. Crow congratulates Yusei since Kalin's Handless Combo can only activate when his hand is empty. Rally replies that Yusei purposely made Kalin draw a card. Yusei sends "Stardust Dragon" to attack "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon", destroying it. Kalin’s Life Points go down to 2400. The five friends are happy that One Hundred-Eyed Dragon is destroyed and Crow said that move made Kalin’s Handless Combo useless.
 Kalin said that when "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" is destroyed, he can select one card from his Deck and add it to his hand. Yusei said he will end this Turbo Duel. He then activate the Trap Card, " Synchro Destructor ", which inflicts damage to the opponent equal to half the ATK of the monster his own Synchro Monster destroyed in battle and if it's a Synchro Monster, it will inflict additional damage equal to the same amount. Crow said that half of the ATK of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" is 1500 and if he just inflicts the two increments, 3000 points of damage, Tank concludes that Yusei will win the Turbo Duel. Nervin said that Yusei’s combo was well-orchestrated. Rally finds this strategy incredible. The effects of the Trap Card are about to strike Kalin and Kalin curses Yusei. He suddenly smiles again and activates a Trap Card, " Damage Translation ", which will halve all damage from a card's effect. Kalin’s Life Points are now 900. Despite being hurt by the attack, Kalin still smiles and says to Yusei this is very fine damage.
 Tank is shocked that Kalin managed to make out of this one. Blitz says that Kalin doesn't have any more monsters on his field, while Yusei still has "Stardust Dragon" powered-up by "Hyper Synchron". Nervin adds that even if Kalin did Special Summon a monster, Yusei has " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow "  face-down  on his field, so he could just  negate  the attack. At the helicopter, Jack said that, at first glance, it would seem Yusei has the upper hand. But something must be behind that card Kalin just added in his hand. Yusei thinks that on his next turn, he’ll have eight  Speed Counters , which will be just enough for him to activate the  " Speed Spell - Final Attack " which will instantly double the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" to 8600. 
 But before he could say that he ends his turn, Kalin tells him that during the  End Phase , the other effect of "Damage Translation" activates. At the  End Phase , it Special Summons " Ghost Tokens " equal to the number of times he received damage from a card's effect. Yusei wonders what Kalin is up to. He laughs and Yusei asks what's so funny. Kalin said he can’t help but laugh. He also said that, thanks to Yusei for sending "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to the Graveyard, he was able to add this card, the  Effect Monster  " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", into his hand, which he considers to be the  Dark Signers ' mightiest card. Yusei begins to worry as Kalin says it's showtime.
 
       Kalin offers people as sacrifices.     
 Meanwhile, outside the Turbo Duel, mysterious people appears, all wearing the Dark Signers' clothes. Yusei is shocked by it. Even the five friends are intrigued by it. Tank wonders who those people are. Crow thinks these people are the missing people of  Satellite . Rally, Nervin, Blitz and Tank are shocked by it. Yusei ask Kalin if the disappearing of the people of Satellite were the doing of the Dark Signers. Kalin laughs and says it’s his turn now, but with the effect of "Speed Spell - Power Baton", he can’t draw a card. His SPC goes to 7 while Yusei's SPC goes to 8. Yusei demands what has Kalin done to the people of Satellite. Kalin laughs and says that the people of Satellite are the ones who are going to become the sacrifices of "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" and those sacrifices will bestow the power of the Immortal to his card. He releases both his tokens. The "Ghost Tokens" merge into a shell-like object and the people begin to be sucked into it. 
 
       Yusei crashes.     
 At the helicopter, Jack wonders what's going on after seeing the people being sucked into the weird thing. Kalin said he's sacrificing those people’s souls to Summon "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu", which emerges from the shell with 3000 ATK. Jack is shocked by seeing this monster and Carly is crying. Even Crow is terrified by it. Kalin laughs and Yusei is frightened by the monster's gigantic size. Kalin tells Yusei to savor the curses of the dead firsthand and sends his monster to attack Yusei directly. Yusei sends "Stardust Dragon" to intercept, but the dragon merely phases through the monster. Yusei then activates his Trap Card, "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow". Kalin said it's no use because no monsters and Trap Cards can stop "Ccapac Apu". As the monster approaches, everyone is concerned for Yusei's safety. Yusei has no other apparent counters, but his Duel Runner breaks down and crashes, causing Yusei to fall off leaving him injured. Because of this the Duel ends with no conclusion right before Yusei would lose. 
 Meanwhile outside of Satellite,  Luna 's  Mark of the Dragon  stops glowing and  Leo  wonders what could have happened to Yusei. Luna says she has no clue.  Akiza ’s Dragon birthmark ceases to glow as well and even she is concerned for Yusei. At  New Domino City ,  Rex Goodwin  has watched the Turbo Duel with a serious expression. Kalin mocks an unconcious Yusei saying that he was saved by the poor performance of his Duel Runner, (in the dub he also also comments on the nickname MC had been calling him, "Satellite's shooting star". Kalin laughs. "More like Satellite's falling star!") He then tells him to suffer, shiver in fear and to be consumed by the inferno of terror and to experience the same hardship he once endured. He raise his card and "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" disappears. The flaming course also disappears. Kalin said to Yusei to hold off on his death and that he must live in disgrace and stricken in terror until they meet again. Then he leaves Yusei alone.
 The four friends arrive and ask Yusei if he's alright, only to realize that a piece of metal pierced into his abdomen, making him bleed (this is removed from the dub). Rally is frightened by it. Crow arrives and tells them to put Yusei on his Duel Runner so he can send him to  Martha 's house and ask them to join them. Jack asks the pilot to land this helicopter now. But Mina says to the pilot to continue his way back to Neo Domino City. Jack refuses to abandon Yusei, but Mina said to him what good he can do now without a Duel Runner. Jack is forced to obey Mina.
 Nervin said to his friends that they must hurry to go to Martha's house. Rally suggest that they must also transport Yusei's Duel Runner with them. Blitz says to Rally that he can’t expect to push that thing all the way to Martha’s house and that the road ahead is full of thieves. Rally said that they can't especially leave it here because it's their treasure. Tank agreed and says this Duel Runner is part of their important bonds with Yusei. He remembered the days when they scrounged up useful-looking parts to bring to Yusei, which is the reason why they were so happy when Yusei finished his Duel Runner. Rally said it was an achievement for all of them. They decide to transport their symbol of friendship, which makes Rally happy.
 The four friends transport Yusei's Duel Runner all the way to Martha's house while keeping an eye out for any thieves. They heard an laughter and Tank said that these parts are pretty bad and Blitz said to him not to chicken out. Suddenly, thieves appeared out of nowhere and block the path. The thieves have an evil smile. Nervin ask them what they want. One of the thieves said that is some way to say hello and figuring that they are not from around here, they think they bring something pretty interesting with them. Blitz try to back them off with a wooden stick. Nervin said to Blitz it’s no use and this will only giving incentive. The thieves keep advancing. Blitz said he’s sorry and ask them to let them pass since they’re in a rush. One of thieves ask them to pay the toll and another one said to leave the Duel Runner here as payment. Tank said to the thieves they will not getting one screw from the Duel Runner. One of the thieves said to leave the cards instead as payment. Tank tells them that they can’t leave their cards here either. One of the thieves said if they don’t comply, they will take both the Duel Runner and the cards. Rally said to the thieves that Yusei's Duel Runner is irreplaceable, so he and his three friends to take out every card they have, in which they do so. They throw the cards into the air so the thieves can take it. They managed to get past the thieves and continue their journey to Martha's house.
 They are nearly reach their destination until they encountered another gang of thieves who ask them to leave their toll. The 4 friends don’t have any cards anymore, so Rally said that their only option is leave their clothes behind. They throw their clothes into the air so the thieves can take it. They managed to get past the thieves and continue their trip to Martha's house. Crow arrives at Martha's house. He knocks at the door asks Martha to open up. Martha tells Crow it's the middle of the night, it better be something good. Crow tells her that's it's not good, it bad! Martha opens the door, and Crow shows her the senseless Yusei. She lean over him and exclaims that he's shivering. She calls into the house for a hand, to get Yusei inside. The 4 friends continue their way to Martha's house. Nervin, Blitz and Tank want to take a minute rest, but Rally reminds them that their number-one concern right now is Yusei and that they would protect his Duel Runner through thick and thin. Nervin agreed and said they can't give in here with Yusei having such a hard time. Blitz said they're going to deliver their symbol of friendship to Yusei. Nervin reminds them that they reached a dead-end. 
 Suddenly, an old man appears. They think it's another thief, but the old man says he's not and shows them the way out. He even agrees to help them lead the way. Tank thought there are kind people in this part of town. But this path leading to a way out is nothing but a trap. The thieves managed to steal Yusei's Duel Runner and tried to make a run for it, until a light stops them at their tracks. A man in the shadow said he’s from  Sector Security  and tells them to leave the Duel Runner here and to surrender quickly. The thieves decide to make a break for it. 
 Rally, Tank, Blitz and Nervin managed to take back Yusei's Duel Runner. Blitz thinks that Sector Security isn't so bad after all. But Nervin remarks that Sector Security doesn’t come out this far of Satellite. Rally wonders who is their mysterious savior. The man in the shadow revealed to be  Blister . Blister wonders why all the they are walking around this part of town at night, naked. Rally tells him that Yusei is wounded badly. The gang reunites at Martha’s house, resting and waiting while Martha and  a doctor  operate on Yusei to save his life. Martha encourages Yusei not to give up.
 
 Featured Duel: Kalin Kessler vs. Yusei Fudo 
 ... continued from the previous episode. 
 Turn 7: Kalin 
At the end of the Damage Step, the effect of " Speed Spell - Power Baton " expires ("One Hundred-Eyed Dragon": 5300 → 3000/2500).
 Turn 8: Yusei 
Yusei draws "Level Warrior". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 6 → 7; Yusei's SPC: 6 → 7). Since Kalin controls a monster and Yusei controls none, Yusei Special Summons " Level Warrior " from his hand in Attack Position as a Level 4 monster (300/600; Level 3 → 4). He then  Normal Summons  " Hyper Synchron " (1600/800) in Attack Position. 
 Yusei then tunes "Level Warrior" with "Hyper Synchron" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Since " Hyper Synchron " was used as Synchro Material for a Dragon-type Synchro Monster, "Stardust Dragon" gains 800 ATK ("Stardust Dragon": 2500 → 3300/2000) and is granted immunity to destruction by battle. 
 "Stardust Dragon" attacks " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon ", but due to the effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" that it gained from " Infernity Guardian ", "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" is not destroyed (Kalin 4000 → 3700). Since "Stardust Dragon" inflicted Battle Damage, the effect of " Shard of Hope " activates, allowing Yusei to draw one card ("Miracle Locus"). Yusei then destroys "Shard of Hope" in order to activate " Miracle Locus " from his hand, increasing the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" by 1000 ("Stardust Dragon": 3300 → 4300/2000) and letting it attack twice this turn by allowing Kalin to draw a card.
 "Stardust Dragon" attacks and destroys "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" and none of the effects it gained apply as Kalin now has a card in his hand. (Kalin 3700 → 2400). Kalin loses a Speed Counter (Kalin's SPC: 7 → 6). Kalin activates the final effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to add "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" from his Deck to his hand. 
 Yusei activates his face-down " Synchro Destructor " to inflict damage to Kalin equal to half the ATK of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" twice (as it was a  Synchro Monster ), but Kalin activates his face-down " Damage Translation " to halve all effect damage he takes this turn (Kalin 2400 → 1650 → 900). 
 " Speed Spell - Final Attack " is the final card in Yusei's hand and Yusei intends to use "Final Attack" to double his the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" during his next turn. On Yusei's  End Phase , "Damage Translation" Special Summons two " Ghost Tokens " (0/0 for both) in Attack Position as Kalin took effect damage twice this turn. At the same time, the effect of "Miracle Locus" expires ("Stardust Dragon": 4300 → 3300/2000).
 Turn 9: Kalin 
Kalin skips his Draw Phase due to the final effect of "Speed Spell - Power Baton". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 6 → 7; Yusei's SPC: 7 → 8). Kalin tributes both "Ghost Tokens" in order to Tribute Summon " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " (3000/2500) in Attack Position [1] . 
 "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" attacks directly via its own effect. Yusei activates his face-down " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " to negate the attack, but it doesn't work as "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" is unaffected by the opponent's Spells and Traps.
 Before the direct attack connects, Yusei's Duel Runner breaks down and crashes and Yusei is knocked unconscious by the crash, thus the duel is cancelled, and ends with no result.
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub, when  Yusei  Summons " Stardust Dragon "  Kalin  (Kiryu) says he's flattered to be going against Yusei's "best performer", in the original Kalin (Kiryu) laughed and said that "Stardust Dragon" was the "mark of a  Signer ". 
 In the dub, when Kalin was about to be defeated by " Synchro Destructor " he breaks the  fourth wall  ("Oh no! I'm done for!" Then he looks at the TV screen. "But seriously folks,"), Kalin (Kiryu) didn't break the Fourth Wall in the original. 
 In the dub, Kalin stated Yusei went through all that trouble to force him to add a card (draw) to his hand and did not stop to wonder if that card would be his most powerful. This was an error as " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " was added via the efffect of " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon ", not " Miracle Locus ". 
 In the original,  Tank  (Taka) didn't say that "he didn't really like Kalin (Kiryu)". 
 In the original,  Nervin  already knew about Yusei's trap being "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow", while in the dub he makes a sandwich bet over thinking it's "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow". 
 In the dub, Yusei asks himself why  Rex Goodwin  hadn't warned him about " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", this line wasn't present in the original. 
 In the dub, when Rex watches the Duel he says that the  Dark Signers  are more powerful than he thought, he said nothing in the original. 
 In the dub, when Yusei falls from his  Duel Runner  he grunts and moans, he didn't make any noises in the original. 
 In the dub, when Kalin leaves he calls Yusei "Satellite's Falling Star" in the original Kalin (Kiryu) said that he'll "hold off Yusei's death". 
 In the dub, the piece of Debris and blood on Yusei are erased apart from the scene when Crow arrives at Martha's house the blood is quite clearly visible on Crow's Duel Runner. 
 In the original, Yusei's friends didn't know who  Martha  was. 
 In the dub, when Martha asks Crow if everything is alright, he says "Yes and by that I mean no". In the original, he says "look and see". 
 In the dub,  Jack  wanted the Helicopter pilot to go after Kalin in the original he wanted to make sure that Yusei wasn't hurt. 
 Errors 
 During  Yusei 's last  End Phase ,  Kalin 's (Kiryu) eyes are white instead of black. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Level Warrior 
 Tuner monsters 
 Hyper Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Final Attack 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Miracle Locus 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Shard of Hope 
 Synchro Destructor 
 
 Kalin Kessler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Infernity Guardian [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Damage Translation 
 
 Rally, Blitz, Nervin, Tank Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Harpie Girl 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Gambler of Legend 
 Mecha Bunny 
 Thunder Nyan Nyan 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Union monsters 
 Heavy Mech Support Platform Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 H - Heated Heart 
 Reversal Quiz 
 Second Coin Toss 
 Traps 
 A Rival Appears! 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Gamble 
 Hero Medal 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was shown when " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " uses its effect. 
 
 
 
 ↑   Kalin also sacrificed the souls of the people of Satellite in the summon. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/YGO5Ds035.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304200017', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Sacrifices_for_the_Earthbound_Immortal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131016190038', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/Yusei%27s_Duel_Runner_fails.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20131016191014']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes