Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Yami_Bakura%27s_Duelist_Kingdom_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Bakura Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 13:  " Evil Spirit of the Ring " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura's Duel  is a  Duel  which took place during the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime , between  Yami Yugi  and  Yami Bakura  in the  Shadow Realm  during the  Duelist Kingdom  arc.
 This Duel is loosely based on the  Monster World  game  played by Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura in the manga.
 
 Events 
 After  Joey Wheeler 's victory over  Rex Raptor , the gang celebrate. Some time later  Bakura Ryou  encounters the group and joins them in a friendly conversation. The gang talk about their favorite cards in  Duel Monsters :
 
 For Joey Wheeler, it's  Flame Swordsman 
 For  Tristan Taylor , it's  Cyber Commander 
 For  Yugi Muto , it's  Dark Magician 
 For  Téa Gardner , it's  Magician of Faith 
 For Bakura, it's  Change of Heart 
 Bakura proposes a friendly duel with Yugi using his friends's cards in his deck. Before the duel commences, Bakura reveals that, like Yugi, he too has a  Millennium Item , the  Millennium Ring , which he uses to separate the souls of Yugi and his friends. As he tries to take the Millennium Puzzle, Yami Yugi appears and says that if he wants it, he must defeat him.
 "Bakura" reveals that the real Bakura is not in his body, rather a thief and a stealer of souls. Knowing this, Yami Yugi accepts the challenge.
 
 The Duel 
 This duel is played as a Shadow Game, and if any of Yugi's friends were destroyed in this game, they die in the real world.
 Turn 1: Yami Yugi 
Draws a card.  Summons  " Cyber Commander " (750/700) in  Defense Mode . When this happens, Tristan appears as Cyber Commander. Yugi is shocked about this, since Yugi's friends are now sealed in their favorite cards.
 Turn 2: Yami Bakura 
Draws a card. Summons " White Magical Hat " (1000/700) in  Attack Mode . Bakura attacks and destroys "Cyber Commander" (Tristan) with "White Magical Hat".
 When Yami Yugi asks what happened, Yami Bakura explains that if any of Yugi's friends are destroyed during the shadow game, they die in the real world, as evidenced by Tristan in a graveyard, shocked to find a tombstone with his name on it.
 Turn 3: Yami Yugi 
Draws a card. Summons " Flame Swordsman " (1800/1600) in Attack Mode. More prepared, Yami Yugi informs Joey, who has taken on the form of Flame Swordsman, about their current situation. Yugi attacks and destroys "White Magical Hat" with "Flame Swordsman"/Joey (Yami Bakura: 2000 → 1200).
 Turn 4: Yami Bakura 
Draws a card. Sets a monster in Face-down Defense Position.
 Turn 5: Yami Yugi 
Draws a card. Joey attacks the face-down monster, revealing itself to be " Morphing Jar " (700/600). This activates it's effect, forcing both duelists to discard their hands and draw five new cards.
 Turn 6: Yami Bakura 
Draws a new card. Sets a monster in Face-Down Defense Position and sets a card.
 Turn 7: Yami Yugi 
Draws a card. Summons " Dark Magician " (2500/2100). Since it is Yugi's favorite card, Yugi is summoned as Dark Magician. Yami Yugi plays the Magic Card  Reborn the Monster  to resurrect "Cyber Commander"/Tristan. Yugi attacks the monster card, but it is revealed to be another "Morphing Jar". This causes both duelists to once again discard their hands and draw five new cards.
 Turn 8: Yami Bakura 
Draws a card. Sets a monster face-down..
 Turn 9: Yugi 
Draws a card. Yugi is shocked since the card he drew was "Magician of Faith". Yami Bakura activates his trap card,  Just Desserts , inflicting 500 points of damage for each monster Yami Yugi has out on the field (Yami Yugi: 2000 → 500). Yami Yugi sets "Magician of Faith" in Face-Down Defense position. Tea suddenly appears as Magician of Faith. In a rage, Yugi attacks the face-down monster, revealing it to be " Electric Lizard " (850/800) and destroys it, but not without suffering from it's effect, paralyzing Yugi. Yami Yugi sets a card face-down.
 Turn 10: Yami Bakura 
Draws a card. Yami Bakura sets " Man-Eater Bug  (450/600) in Face-Down Defense mode.
 Turn 11: Yami Yugi 
Draws a card. Joey attacks the Man-Eater Bug, but before it activates it's effect, Yami Yugi activates " Horn of Heaven ", sacrificing Joey to stop the effect of Man-Eater Bug. The effect of Tea's card activates, allowing Yugi to bring back a Magic Card from his Graveyard. He chooses and plays "Reborn the Monster" to revive Joey.
 Turn 12: Yami Bakura/Bakura 
 
       The players, dressed as their cards     
 Draws a card. Yami Bakura plays " Lady of Faith " in Attack Mode (1100/800) and plays the Magic Card, Change of Heart, hoping to seize control of Yugi and have him destroy one of his friends, but this backfires as the real Bakura emerges from the card and instead, takes control of "Lady of Faith". Yami Yugi uses his power to switch the places of the two Bakura's, thus the real Bakura is the one dueling and Yami Bakura is trapped as Lady of Faith.
 Turn 13: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi has Yugi attack Yami Bakura. (Bakura: 1200 → 0)
 Yami Yugi wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Yami Bakura is trapped in the Graveyard and becomes the victim of the Reaper of the Cards.
 Bakura explains how he got the Millennium Ring to Yugi. Tristan, Joey and Tea wake up, thinking what happened to them was a dream. Before Tea could put the pieces together, they hear a scream from a distance and decide to face this danger together.
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/Dark_Yugi_VS_Dark_Bakura_-_Duelist_Kingdom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170624232747', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Yugioh013.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20140404170244']
Categories: Duels, Duelist Kingdom Duels