Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/ARC-V_(machine)

      ARC-V     
 ARC-V Reactor , known as  ARC-V  (アーク・ファイブ  Āku Faibu ) in the Japanese version, is a device that appears within  Duel Academy  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime and is the titular device of said anime. Leo refers to it as the "fifth dimension". [1] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Overview 
 2   History 
 3   Different views 
 4   Trivia 
 5   References 
 
 
 Overview 
 The machine was briefly seen absorbing thousands of cards into itself. At the time, the machine was being observed by  Leo Akaba . [2] 
 
 History 
       Leo imagining his daughter coming back to life.     
 Leo Akaba constructed the machine for the purpose of uniting all  Four Dimensions  and reviving his daughter,  Ray , by fusing  her reincarnations  back together (In the English Dub, it is also stated that the process will destroy the girls' physical bodies and erase their souls from existence. [3] ). In order for the process to work, Leo ordered his followers to  card  thousands of people in  Xyz Dimension  (and eventually extended to  Standard Dimension ) into cards to use their life energy to power up the machine. At this time, he tasked  Dennis McField ,  Yuri , and  Sora Perse  to find and capture Ray's reincarnations, signified by the  Natural Energy Bracelets  that each of them possess. Yuri successfully captured  Rin  and  Lulu Obsidian , but was unsuccessful with  Zuzu Boyle  as  her bracelet  prevented him from coming close to her, and his plan was further delayed after  Celina  escaped into Standard Dimension.
 
       ARC-V fusing the Four Dimensions back into one.     
 Later, after Celina was brought back by  Barrett  and brainwashed by a  Parasite Monster , Leo used her to lead a troop to capture Zuzu. After disposing  the Doktor  and freeing the girls from the Parasite Monsters, Leo also transported the four girls inside glass tubes to the machine with four of them surrounding it. The operators then started the machine, gathering energy to sufficient levels, before sucking out the girls' life energy at 50% [4] , destroying their physical bodies and souls, and finally transporting each of them into ARC-V to begin the Unification Procedure, starting with Zuzu at 60%  [5] , followed by Lulu at 70%, then Rin at 80%, and finally Celina at 90%, with the dimensions corresponding to each girls being absorbed at the same time. Once the reactor's power reached 100% the four dimensions will reunite and Ray will be restored to her original form. However, being impatient, Leo ordered the transfer of Lulu before the energy reaches the sufficient level at 70% [6]  and Celina's transfer before the energy reached sufficient level. This greatly impacted the outcome as ARC-V was activated at full power, Ray was not yet revived because of the girls' (apart from Zuzu) not being properly transferred  [7] , and the four dimensions slowly started to become one. However, the machine eventually recreated the  Natural Energy Cards  and revived Ray in her spirit form with the spirit of Zuzu residing inside her (In the English Dub, it's also subtly implied that Celina, Rin, and Lulu's spirits also resided with them due to the mixture of the girls' voice with Ray's at one point. [8] ).
 Following the battle against  Z-ARC  and the Standard Dimension rebirth into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , the four dimensions were split again but remnants of ARC-V remained. This created  Interdimensional Corridor Gates , connecting the dimensions with one another. Ray's fate was also unknown but Declan theorized that she most likely still resided inside the remnants of ARC-V. Leo managed to locate the remains of her spirit, trapped between the boundery of the four dimensions, though he was unsure that it was Ray and theorized that Ray's fragments would eventually revive as Zuzu Boyle while he theorized that the remains of Celina, Rin, and Lulu had perished. [9] 
 Ultimately as  Yuya  Dueled several of his allies in order to restore  Riley 's smile as she was rendered as a catatonic infant, he faced Declan in a final Duel to test his qualification as a pro. Yuya succeeded in defeating Declan which in turn brought Riley's smile back and purifying Z-ARC, allowing Ray to be reborn as Zuzu after reacting to the Duel. Although Celina, Rin, and Lulu's physical bodies perished due to Leo's action, their spirits miraculously survived and are now residing within Zuzu's.  [10] 
 
 Different views 
   Zuzu fainting.   Zuzu is transferred into ARC-V.   ARC-V absorbs the Standard Dimension after Zuzu.   Rin fainting.   Rin is transferred into ARC-V.   Lulu's hand disappearing.   Lulu fainting.   Lulu is transferred into ARC-V.   Celina fainting.   Celina is transferred into ARC-V.   Leo's throne floats into ARC-V.   ARC-V activates after all four girls were transferred.   Ray in the center of ARC-V. 1/13 
 
 
 Trivia 
 The order of the girls' transfer into the reactor is the same as the activation order of the  Natural Energy Cards . 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 36: " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Leo:  But that's not all! When I send the four girls into the Reactor, their existences will be erased as they reunite into Ray! 
 
 ↑   Leo:  Young ladies, your life energy will further fuel my reactor! 
 
 ↑   Operator:  Reading confirmed! The reactor is approaching 60%. Transfer the subject Zuzu to begin the Unification Procedure! 
 
 ↑   Leo:  I don't care! Transfer Lulu now! Time is ticking. Just do it already! 
 
 ↑   Operator:  But Professor! We need more power before we can transfer Lulu into the Reactor! 
 
 ↑   Ray (with Celina's, Rin's, and Lulu's voices):  And end all this suffering! By restoring peace to the Dimensions and make everyone smile again! 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Arc-V.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161016144148', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Leo_imagines_Ray.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161220013937', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Isolation_Dome.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161220002825', None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None, None]
Categories: Items