Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Forbidden_(archetype)


 
 Forbidden 
 禁じられた 「 きんじられた 」  ( Kinjirareta ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Forbidden Chalice ", " Forbidden Lance ", " Forbidden Dress " and " Forbidden Scripture ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 被禁止的 
 
 
 French 
 Interdit Interdite 
 
 
 German 
 Verbotene Verbotener 
 
 
 Italian 
 Proibito Proibita 
 
 
 Korean 
 금지된 禁止?   (Hanja)   Geumjidoen   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Proibido Proibida 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Prohibido Prohibida 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Raging Battle Storm of Ragnarok Abyss Rising Primal Origin Structure Deck: Powercode Link Rise of the Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants Premium Gold Battle Pack 3: Monster League Noble Knights of the Round Table Power-Up Pack Master of Pendulum Structure Deck Wing Raiders Starter Deck: Link Strike Legendary Hero Decks OTS Tournament Pack 16 Egyptian God Deck: Obelisk the Tormentor Brothers of Legend Legendary Duelists: Duels from the Deep OTS Tournament Pack 19 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Edition Volume 3 Gold Series 2013 Gold Series 2014 Booster SP: Tribe Force Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum Booster SP: Wing Raiders Starter Deck 2017 Structure Deck: Master Link Starter Deck 2018 Starter Deck 2019 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Forbidden " ( 禁 じられた  Kinjirareta ) is an  archetype  of  Quick-Play Spell Cards  sharing similar artworks and effects. Their artworks all feature a white-clothed woman holding various items, in a place that appears to be " The Sanctuary in the Sky ". The first member of the series (" Forbidden Chalice ") was released in  Raging Battle , then more members came in the  Storm of Ragnarok ,  Abyss Rising  and  Primal Origin  sets.
 All the "Forbidden" cards focus on manipulating  monsters '  ATK  (or, in the case of " Forbidden Scripture ", ignoring changes in ATK and DEF during battles) and  card effects , either by granting monsters immunity or by negating their effects.
 The woman featured in each card's artwork may represent  Pandora  of  Greek mythology . She later appears as the Effect Monster " Condemned Maiden ", implying that she was punished for using the four items, as seen in " Solemn Scolding ", eventually becoming the " Condemned Witch ", and then the " Condemned Darklord ". The artwork of " Forbidden Scripture " further hints that these items are truly owned by the old man featured in " Solemn Judgment " (identified as God in the Trap's Japanese name). The effect of "Condemned Maiden" makes using  Quick-Play Spell Cards  like the "Forbidden" series easier, but only once per Duel.
 
 Origin 
 Despite the Greek theme and appearance of each of the cards' artwork, the inspiration behind the series appears to have come from the 4 most notable holy relics of  Christianity .
 
 Members 
 
 
 Forbidden
 
 Effect
 
 Origin
 
 
 Positive
 
 Negative
 
 
 Chalice 
 
 The selected monster gains 400 ATK.
 
 The selected monster's effects are negated.
 
 Holy Grail 
 
 
 Dress 
 
 The selected monster cannot be targeted or destroyed by other card effects.
 
 The selected monster loses 600 ATK.
 
 Seamless robe of Jesus 
 
 
 Lance 
 
 The selected monster is unaffected by the effects of other Spell/Trap Cards.
 
 The selected monster loses 800 ATK.
 
 Holy Lance 
 
 
 Scripture 
 
 All other card effects on the field are negated until the end of the Damage Step.
 
 Each battling monster uses their original ATK/DEF during damage calculation.
 
 Holy Bible 
 
   
" Forbidden " 「 禁 じられた」 Members 
 Forbidden Chalice Forbidden Dress Forbidden Droplet Forbidden Lance Forbidden Scripture 
 Support 
 Condemned Witch 
 Related 
 Condemned Darklord Condemned Maiden 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky Solemn Scolding Witch's Strike 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Mat-BP03-ForbiddenSpells.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160305020227']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes