Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Neos

This article is about the  archetype . For the card, see " Elemental HERO Neos ".      
 
 
 Neos 
 ネオス  ( Neosu ) 
 
 
 
 
 Center: " Neos ". From left to right, " Dark Neos ", " Aqua Neos ", " Glow Neos ", " Air Neos ", " Flare Neos " and " Grand Neos ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Néos 
 
 
 German 
 Neos 
 
 
 Italian 
 Neos 
 
 
 Korean 
 네오스   Neoseu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Neos 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Neos 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Strike of Neos Power of the Duelist Gladiator's Assault Crossroads of Chaos Tactical Evolution Phantom Darkness Hidden Arsenal Duelist Pack: Jaden Yuki 2 Duelist Pack: Jaden Yuki 3 Savage Strike Power of the Elements 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Collectible Tins 2006 Wave 1 Collectible Tins 2007 Wave 1 Gold Series 2009 Duelist League 3 participation cards Turbo Pack: Booster Five Shonen Jump Vol. 7, Issue 11 promotional card Extreme Victory Champion Pack: Game Eight Hobby League 7 participation card B Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack Ra Yellow Mega Pack Duel Terminal - Preview Wave 1 Duel Terminal - Preview Wave 2 Duel Terminal 1 Duel Terminal 6b Duel Terminal 7a HERO Strike Structure Deck Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Duelist Saga Battles of Legend: Relentless Revenge OTS Tournament Pack 8 Shadows in Valhalla 2018 Mega-Tins Duel Power Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge 2020 Tin of Lost Memories Maximum Gold: El Dorado Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting Legendary Duelists: Season 3 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Weekly Shōnen Jump 2006, Issue 2 promotional card Strike of Neos: Vendor Edition Power of the Duelist: Vendor Edition Starter Deck 2007 V Jump April 2010 promotional card Duel Terminal - Synchro Awakening!! Duel Terminal - Xyz Startup!! Duel Terminal - Sacred Star Knights!! Master Collection Volume 3 Limited Edition 15 Master Guide 2 promotional cards Duelist Edition Volume 1 Duelist Edition Volume 2 Structure Deck: Devil's Gate The Rarity Collection Structure Deck: HERO's Strike 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Rarity Collection 20th Anniversary Edition 20th Anniversary Duelist Box Legendary Gold Box History Archive Collection Power of the Elements +1 Bonus Pack Secret Utility Box 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.1 Winter Festival 2010 promotional cards Premium Pack Vol.5 Premium Pack Vol.6 Precious Pack Volume 1 Precious Pack Volume 2 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Neos " (ネオス  Neosu ) is an  archetype  of cards, the principal one being " Elemental HERO Neos ", created and used by  Jaden Yuki  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. Jaden's contest-winning card designs, "Neos" and the "Neo-Spacians" along with " Yubel ", were sent into space by  KaibaCorp  in the hope they would be imbued with space waves (it was hoped that doing so would temper the malignant spirit of  Yubel ). The experiment was a success and the  Spirit World  of  Neo Space  was created.
 "Elemental HERO Neos" works with the " Neo-Spacians " to Summon powerful "Neos"  Fusion Monsters  via  Contact Fusion . Most "Neos" Fusion Monsters have an improved version of the effect of its corresponding "Neo-Spacian" Fusion Material.
 The archetype doesn't solely rely on Contact Fusion, however, and has five traditional Fusion Monsters in " Elemental HERO Brave Neos ", " Elemental HERO Divine Neos ", " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ", " Elemental HERO Neos Kluger ", and " Rainbow Neos ".
 In the  TCG , due to several "Neos" cards including " Neo Space " in their  TCG  name instead (and "Neo Space" cards exclusively being "Neos" cards), "Neo Space" is considered a separate archetype from "Neos", but is supported by all cards that support "Neos" cards that could also affect "Neo Space" cards, such as "Elemental HERO Divine Neos".
 Despite being unrelated to "Elemental HERO Neos", " Darkness Neosphere " is also part of this  archetype  due to having "Neos" in its name.
 
 Strategy 
 Preventing Returning to the Extra Deck 
 A typical strategy with this deck revolves around keeping your "Neos" fusions on the field as long as possible by circumventing their effect that forces them to return to the  Extra Deck  during the  End Phase . There are a number of ways to do this.
 
 Using the  Field Spell  " Neo Space " increases the ATK of "Neos" and his fusions by 500 and prevents them from returning. It should be noted that returning is still possible if you wish to clear your  Extra Monster Zone  or activate an effect of the Triple Contact Fusions when they return. 
 The  Equip Spell  " Instant Neo Space " serves a similar role to "Neo Space" in that it keeps your Fusion out on the field although without the ATK buff. You also get the additional effect of floating a "Neos" back out to field when the equipped monster leaves the field. 
 " Neos Fusion " allows you to quickly  Special Summon  a "Neos" Fusion Monster at the cost of not being able to Special Summon for the rest of the turn. The second effect of this card lets you banish it to prevent battle or effect destruction of your fusions and prevents the activation of its effect to return itself to the Extra Deck. 
 " Contact Out " is a  Quick-Play Spell  that allows you to return the "Neos" Fusion and Special Summon the Fusion Material Monsters from the deck. Whilst this obviously doesn't prevent the Monster returning you can easily re-summon it during your  Main Phase 2 . Note that this only works on monsters with specific material listed in the card text so whilst you can return fusions like " Brave Neos " and " Cosmo Neos " you won't Special Summon their materials. 
 A less orthodox strategy is to  negate  the effect of your Fusion using its own effect. The best examples of this are " Elemental HERO Nebula Neos " and " Elemental HERO Dark Neos ". This leaves you with a 3500-2500 vanilla beatstick but be careful as this can backfire easily. 
 " G.B. Hunter " can also prevent the final effect of the "Neos" Fusion Monsters from applying, but will also stop further Contact Fusions (although this can be circumvented with "Neos Fusion"). 
   
" Neos " 「ネオス」 Members 
 Darkness Neosphere Elemental HERO Air Neos Elemental HERO Aqua Neos Elemental HERO Brave Neos Elemental HERO Chaos Neos Elemental HERO Cosmo Neos Elemental HERO Dark Neos Elemental HERO Divine Neos Elemental HERO Flare Neos Elemental HERO Glow Neos Elemental HERO Grand Neos Elemental HERO Honest Neos Elemental HERO Magma Neos Elemental HERO Marine Neos Elemental HERO Nebula Neos Elemental HERO Neos Elemental HERO Neos Alius Elemental HERO Neos Kluger Elemental HERO Neos Knight Elemental HERO Shining Neos Wingman Elemental HERO Spirit of Neos Elemental HERO Storm Neos Neo Space Connector Neo Space Pathfinder Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin Neo-Spacian Dark Panther Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab Neo-Spacian Glow Moss Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss Neos Wiseman Rainbow Neos 
 EN - Engage Neo Space Instant Neo Space NEX NEXT Neo Space Neos Force Neos Fusion Reverse of Neos Wrath of Neos 
 Support 
 Elemental HERO Divine Neos 
 Contact Out Reverse of Neos 
 Related 
 Honest Rainbow Dark Dragon Rainbow Dragon Yubel 
 Battle of Sleeping Spirits Common Soul Double Hero Attack EN Wave Favorite Contact Instant Contact Miracle Contact Over Fusion 
 
 v e 
" Neos " 「ネオス」 a   Members 
 Darkness Neosphere Elemental Hero Air Neos Elemental Hero Aqua Neos Elemental Hero Chaos Neos Elemental Hero Dark Neos Elemental Hero Divine Neos Elemental Hero Flare Neos Elemental Hero Glow Neos Elemental Hero Grand Neos Elemental Hero Magma Neos Elemental Hero Marine Neos Elemental Hero Neos Elemental Hero Neos Elemental Hero Neos Knight Elemental Hero Storm Neos Instant Neo Space NEX Neo Space Neo-Spacian Dark Panther Neos Energy Neos Force Neos Spiral Force Neos Wiseman Neospace Road Neospace Wave Rainbow Neos Reverse of Neos 
 Support 
 Contact Out Hope for the Future Reverse of Neos 
 Related 
 Contact Soul Miracle Contact Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab Neo-Spacian Glow Moss Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss Rainbow Dark Dragon Rainbow Dragon Yubel 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/ElementalNeos.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20070807012950']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)