Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:A_Hero_Emerges


 A Hero Emerges 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 1.1   Season 1 
 1.2   Season 2 
 1.3   Season 3 
 1.4   Season 4 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Season 1 
 In  episode 4 ,  Jaden Yuki  uses this card during his duel against  Chazz Princeton . When " VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to force Chazz to select one card in his hand. Chazz then chooses one card in Jaden's hand and it's revealed to be " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ". Because of that Jaden summons "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" in Defense Position. A replay occurs and Chazz uses "VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" to attack "Burstintrix". Chazz then activates the second effect of "VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" to switch "Burstintrix" into Attack Position. "VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" then destroys "Burstintrix". 
 In  episode 7 , this card is seen in Jaden's hand during his Duel against  Syrus Truesdale . Jaden would later set this card face-down, but he never activates it at all during the Duel. 
 In  episode 8 , Jaden uses this card during his Duel against  Zane Truesdale . When " Cyber Twin Dragon " attacks " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ", Jaden activates this card to force Zane to select one card in his hand. Zane then chooses one card in Jaden's hand and it's revealed to be " Wroughtweiler ". Because of that, Jaden summons "Wroughtweiler" in Defense Position. A replay occurs and Zane uses "Cyber Twin Dragon" to attack and destroy "Thunder Giant". "Cyber Twin Dragon" then attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". Jaden then activates the effect of "Wroughtweiler" to add " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Polymerization " from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 In  episode 14 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Jinzo . When " Emissary of the Afterlife " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to force Jinzo to select one card in his hand. Jinzo then chooses one card in Jaden's hand and it's revealed to be " Elemental HERO Sparkman ". Because of that, Jaden summons "Sparkman" in Attack Position. A replay occurs and Jinzo uses "Emissary of the Afterlife" to attack "Sparkman", causing both monsters to be destroyed in a  Double KO . The effect of "Emissary of the Afterlife" then activates, allowing both players to add a Level 3 or below Normal Monster from their Deck to their hand. Jinzo adds " Thousand-Eyes Idol " to his hand while Jaden adds "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" to his hand. 
 In  episode 18 , Jaden used this card during his duel against  Dimitri  when the latter was using  Yugi Muto 's deck. When " Dark Magician " attacks "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix", Jaden activates this card to force Dimitri to select one card in his hand. Dimitri then chooses one card in Jaden's hand and it's revealed to be " Elemental HERO Bladedge ". Because of that, Jaden Special Summons "Bladedge" in Attack Position. A replay occurs and Dimitri chooses not to attack. Dimitri then activates " Dedication Through Light And Darkness " to Tribute "Dark Magician" and Special Summon " Dark Magician of Chaos ". "Dark Magician of Chaos" then attacks and destroys "Bladedge". 
 In  episode 37 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Tania . When " Amazoness Swords Woman " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to force Tania to choose a card in his hand. Tania chooses one card in Jaden's hand wand Jaden reveals the card to be " Elemental HERO Clayman ". Because of that, Jaden summons "Clayman" in Defense Position. A replay then occurs and Tania uses "Amazoness Swords Woman" to attack "Clayman". The attack fails, but due to the effect of "Amazoness Swords Woman", Jaden takes all the Battle Damage Tania would have taken. Both players then pay 100 Life Points to activate the effect of " Amazoness Arena ", inflicting 100 damage to each other. 
 In  episode 46 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Amnael . When " Helios Duo Megistus " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to force Amnael to choose one card in his hand. Amnael chooses one card in Jaden's hand and Jaden reveals it to be " Elemental HERO Bladedge ". Because of that, Jaden summons "Bladedge" in Attack Position. A replay then occurs and Amnael uses "Helios Duo Megistus" to attack "Bladedge". "Bladedge" then destroys "Helios Duo Megistus", but this activates the latter monster's effect, allowing Amnael to Special Summon "Helios Duo Megistus" from the  Banished  Zone with 300 more ATK. "Helios Duo Megistus" then attacks and destroys "Bladedge". 
 Season 2 
 In  episode 66 , this card appears in a flashback Jaden has when he sees  Wheeler  as Chazz which makes Jaden remember his second Duel against Chazz.
 This card is also seen in a flashback Jaden has when he sees Wheeler as Zane which makes Jaden remember his first Duel against Zane. 
 In  episode 72 , during Jaden's duel against  Howard X Miller , Jaden is forced to send this card from the top of his Deck to the Graveyard via the effect of " Monster Register ". 
 In  episode 96 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Dr. Eisenstein . When " Laplace the Fiend Mathematician " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to force Eisenstein to select one card in his hand. Eisenstein chooses one card in Jaden's hand and it's revealed to be " Elemental HERO Neos ". Because of this, Jaden Special Summons "Neos" from his hand in Attack Position. A replay occurs and Eisenstein chooses not to attack. 
 Season 3 
 In  episode 114 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Mr. Stein . When " Elemental HERO Sparkman " (who Mr. Stein took control of via the effect of " Scab Scar Knight ") attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to make Mr. Stein select one card in Jaden's hand. Mr. Stein chooses one card in Jaden's hand and Jaden reveals the card to be " Elemental HERO Neos ". Because of this, Jaden summons "Neos" in Attack Position. A replay occurs and Mr. Stein chooses not to attack. 
 In  episode 118 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Thelonious Viper . After " Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes " attacks and destroys " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", Jaden activates this card to make Viper select one card in his hand. Viper chooses one card in Jaden's hand and Jaden reveals the card to be " Elemental HERO Neos ". Because of this, Jaden Special Summons "Neos" in Attack Position. 
 In  episode 132 , Jaden uses this card during his duel against  Sky Scout . When " Simorgh, Bird of Divinity " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to make Sky Scout select one card in his hand. Sky Scout chooses one card in Jaden's hand, and Jaden reveals the card to be " Winged Kuriboh ". Because of this, Jaden Special Summons "Winged Kuriboh" in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " Transcendent Wings " to send "Winged Kuriboh" to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ". The effect of " Level Tax " then activates, inflicting damage to Jaden equal to the ATK of "Winged Kuriboh LV10". Jaden then Tributes "Winged Kuriboh LV10" to destroy "Simorgh" and inflict the latter's ATK as damage to Sky Scout, winning Jaden the Duel. 
 Season 4 
 In  episode 158 , Jaden uses this card during his Duel against  Trueman . When " Meteor B. Dragon " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to make Trueman select one card in his hand. Trueman chooses one card in Jaden's hand and Jaden reveals it to be " Elemental HERO Neos ". Because of this, Jaden Special Summons "Neos" in Attack Position. A replay then occurs and Trueman uses "Meteor B. Dragon" to attack "Neos", but Jaden activates " Soul Union " to target " Elemental HERO Mudballman " from his Graveyard and increase the ATK of "Neos" by the ATK of "Mudballman". "Neos" then destroys "Meteor B. Dragon". 
 In  episode 170 , this card is shown in Jaden's hand during his Duel against  Sartorius . In  the next episode , " Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler " attacks " Arcana Force 0 - The Fool ", but Jaden activates this card to make Sartorius select one card in his hand. Sartorius chooses the only card in Jaden's hand, which is revealed to be " Miracle Flipper ". Because of this, Jaden Special Summons "Miracle Flipper" in Defense Position. Due to the first effect of "Miracle Flipper", the attack is redirected to "Miracle Flipper" instead, destroying it. The second effect of "Miracle Flipper" then activates, reviving itself itself to Sartorius' side of the field.
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card is shown a flashback Jaden has when he explains "The Dark Ruler" attacked and destroyed "Miracle Flipper" instead of "The Fool". 
 In  episode 175 , Jaden uses this card during his Triangle Duel with  Jesse Anderson  and  Yusuke Fujiwara . When " Clear Rage Golem " attacks Jaden directly, Jaden activates this card to make Yusuke select one card in his hand. Yusuke then chooses a card and Jaden reveals it to be " Elemental HERO Clayman ". Because of that, Jaden Special Summons "Clayman" in Defense Position. Jesse then activates " Trap Strap " to reset this card face-down and Special Summon " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ". A replay occurs, and Yusuke chooses not to attack In  the next episode , Jesse activates the second effect of " Rainbow Dragon " to return all cards on the field to their owners' Decks. 
 In  episode 179 , Jaden uses this card during his Duel against  Yugi Muto . When " Dark Magician " attacks directly, Jaden activates this card to make Yugi select one card in his hand. Yugi then chooses one card in Jaden's hand and Jaden reveals it to be " Elemental HERO Neos ", so "Neos" is Special Summoned in Attack Position. A replay then occurs and Yugi chooses not to attack. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Two copies of this card appears in  Paradox 's explanation when he tells Yugi, Jaden, and Yusei that the reason why he came to the past was so that he could prevent his own bad future from happening. Yugi, Jaden, and Yusei disagreed with going along with Paradox's plan as Paradox's actions will destroy and ruin their eras in time since they revolved around Duel Monsters. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances