Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Skilled_Magician


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Skilled Magician 
 熟練 「 じゅくれん 」  ( Jukuren ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Skilled Dark Magician " and " Skilled White Magician " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Skilled 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Magician's Force Secrets of Eternity Dimension of Chaos Battle of Chaos 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 1 Tournament Pack 7 Structure Deck: Spellcaster's Judgment Spellcaster's Command Structure Deck Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Duelist League 15 participation cards Starter Deck Yugi Reloaded Secrets of Eternity Super Edition Yugi's Legendary Decks Structure Deck: Yugi Muto Legendary Dragon Decks Speed Duel: Battle City Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Champion of Black Magic Structure Deck: Yugi Volume 2 Expert Edition Volume 1 World Ranking Promos: Series 6 Structure Deck: Lord of the Magician Memories of the Duel King: Ceremonial Battle Arc 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Pack: Yugi (OCG) 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 " Skilled Magician " (Japanese:  熟 練   Jukuren ) is a  series  of  Level  4  LIGHT  and  DARK   Spellcaster   monsters  that have an  effect  to gain 1  Spell Counter  each time a  Spell Card  is activated (max. 3), and can then use those Spell Counters to  Summon  or  search  a specific monster or set of monsters. Each monster that can Special Summon monsters of a particular  archetype  rather than a specific monster has an additional effect: it can  banish  itself from the  GY  to place a Spell Counter on one of its controller's  face-up  cards.
 Both " Skilled Dark Magician " and " Skilled White Magician " were characters in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Skilled Magician 
 Supported monster
 
 
 Blue 
 " Gaia The Fierce Knight " monster
 
 
 Brown 
 " Kuriboh " monster
 
 
 Dark 
 Dark Magician 
 
 
 Red 
 " Archfiend " monster
 
 
 White 
 Buster Blader 
 
 Trivia 
 Each monster's TCG name uses a known color, except "Skilled Dark Magician", which is a direct reference to "Dark Magician" instead. 
 Each monster uses a different word for "Magician" in Japanese. In the names of the LIGHT monsters the kanji have the reading  madōshi  (まどうし), while in the names of the DARK monsters (except "Brown") the kanji have the reading  majutsushi  (まじゅつし); however, all of the monsters use different kanji for the word "Magician". 
   
 Skilled Magician   熟 練 Members 
 Skilled Blue Magician Skilled Brown Magician Skilled Dark Magician Skilled Red Magician Skilled White Magician 
 Related 
 Buster Blader Dark Magician Dark Magician Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/SkilledWhiteandDarkMagician.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20070709155243']
Categories: Stubs, Series, TCG and OCG series