Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Reshef_of_Destruction


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王デュエルモンスターズ８ 破滅の大邪神 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yugiō Dyueru Monsutāzu Hachi Hametsu no Daijashin 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 8: Great Evil God of Destruction 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Game Boy Advance 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  March 20, 2003  June 29, 2004  June 29, 2004  August 13, 2004 
 
 
 Genre 
 Card Battle 
 
 
 Ratings 
 Everyone - Mild Fantasy Violence 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction , known in Japan as  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 8: Great Evil God of Destruction  (遊戯王デュエルモンスターズ８ 破滅の大邪神), is a Game Boy Advance game by Konami based on the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. Reshef of Destruction is loosely based on the anime, being set in an alternate continuity from the anime’s events, and is the direct sequel
to  The Sacred Cards , picking up sometime after the events of Battle City. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 
 1.1   Domino City 
 1.2   The Egyptian Exhibition 
 1.3   Domino Pier 
 
 1.3.1   Side Quest 
 
 
 1.4   Italy 
 1.5   China 
 1.6   Free Time 
 
 1.6.1   Side Quest 
 
 
 1.7   Canada 
 1.8   Galapagos Islands 
 
 1.8.1   Side Quest 
 
 
 1.9   The Neo Ghouls are comin' 
 1.10   Need of help 
 1.11   Paradox 
 1.12   Pegasus Island 
 1.13   Dungeon 
 1.14   Pegasus Castle 
 1.15   The Final Battles 
 1.16   Hall of Eternity 
 
 
 2   Notes 
 3   Gameplay changes 
 4   Characters 
 
 4.1   Main 
 4.2   Antagonists 
 4.3   Other 
 
 
 5   Exclusive cards 
 6   Game guides 
 7   Promotional cards 
 
 7.1   Japanese 
 7.2   International 
 
 
 8   Gallery 
 9   Trivia 
 10   External links 
 
 
 Story 
 Domino City 
 In the start, the  player  is in his room with  Joey . The Player, Joey, and  Yugi  are going to a duelist competition. Joey organizes his  Deck , and asks the player how he is. The player gets two choices. Whichever he chooses doesn't affect the plot. Joey gets excited for Duel Express tournament, but Yugi isn't there yet and Joey gets impatient. Suddenly Yugi enters and informs them that his  Millennium Puzzle  has disappeared along with  Yami Yugi . 
 Yugi and Joey then travel with the player as they leave the house.  Téa  is waiting at the  Clock Tower Square  and is shocked by the bad news, but it gets even worse.  Ishizu  appears, reporting that all  Millennium Items  have disappeared and asks the player for help in saving the world from  Reshef . 
 To resurrect him, it is necessary to gain the power of all three  Egyptian God Cards  that turned into stone. To do this, the player has to locate the rest of the Millennium Items in order to revive the Egyptian Gods. The player has no choice but to start this new adventure.
 Before leaving, the player can check out the other duelists to win some extra cards. When he tries talking to Téa, she'll leave the Clock Tower Square wishing him the best. He may even go to  Truesdale 's  card shop  to buy some cards or challenge  Duke  and  Tristan  outside or even duel Yugi and Joey inside the shop.
 If the player heads over to  KaibaCorp  (this is optional), he'll see  Rebecca  trying to reclaim one of  Kaiba's  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " cards because he had torn-up Truesdale's one. To prove to Kaiba that she's worth dueling, the player has to face her. 
 After defeating her, she will leave. Now the player can duel the  KC DuelTek 1000 . It can be found right from the statue in the middle of the three Blue-Eyes White Dragons. Before dueling it, the player can choose from the following:
 
 "Novice": This is pretty easy. The computer's cards are not hard to beat at all. 
 "Standard and above": When this option is chosen, the player must choose from the following:
 Standard: The computer begins using no-Tribute monsters exceeding 1000 ATK - a standard that is seen from opponents in the late half of the game 
 Expert: The computer begins using incredibly powerful monsters with massive ATK scores, along with many strong Spells that the player can only dream of being able to use. 
 The Egyptian Exhibition 
 To achieve your first goal you have to head to the Duel Express which is currently located in Domino Station. To enter the train stage, you have to enter Domino Station. Now answer the controller's question with "Yes". After that, you and either Yugi or Joey will duel against two of the controllers that want to test your abilities (it doesn't matter which character you choose because either one of them will win).
 Right after defeating the controllers,  PaniK  (Player Killer of Darkness) arrives and follows you into the train but before entering the Duel Express itself. Once you've entered the train, talk to the far left steward. The train will depart where you can duel the two passengers and the controller you already talked to before moving onto the next car. Bear in mind that you cannot return home to replenish your LP until the train reaches its destination.
 After defeating them, head over to the second wagon where you will meet PaniK. He'll challenge you and once you manage to defeat him, the Duel Express will arrive at the Egypt Exhibition. If you want to power up your Deck, head left to the final wagon first before leaving the Express and challenge the young lady with the red ribbon and her father.
 Now follow PaniK and talk to the guy standing in front of the door at the end to pass and enter a the exhibit. As you enter, PaniK is soundly defeated by the  Millennium Items Keeper  and leaves in a huff. The Keeper notices your presence and requires that you prove your strength in a duel to earn the right to the  Millennium Necklace . 
 After defeating him, the Millenium Necklace is handed over to you but at the same time, it brings you a vision: The end of the world! And Yami's watching it!
 
         Yami's watching the the apocalypse     
 Outside the room back at the Express station, you have to meet Seto and  Mokuba  Kaiba. After that, leave the Exhibition by following the yellow line to the upper left exit of the controlling station and head back to Ishizu who is waiting at the  Clock Tower Square . 
 When you try to talk to her, a mysterious looking guy with a violet cape appears. He calls himself the  Puppeteer of Doom  (Ventriloquist of the Dead) and challenges you to a Duel. After defeating him, he'll give you a special invitation card from his master  Sol Chevalsky . Put it in your  Duel Disk  to view the video saved on it. It will give you the location of the next Millennium Item:  Domino Pier .
 
 Domino Pier 
 On board the ship, you see  Jean Claude Magnum  proposing to  Mai  again. Help her out by defeating him. After doing so, talk to Mai. She gives you information on a mysterious cargo on board, and the cargo bay becomes accessible. There, the next Keeper awaits, awarding the  Millennium Key  when defeated.  Shadi  appears to tell you that every Millennium Item carry its bearer's memories.
 Head back to Ishizu to get the next location. When you show her the Millennium Key,  Slifer the Sky Dragon  regains its power! She wants to give it to Yugi but he refuses because Slifer would belong to Yami, so you get the card instead.
 
 Side Quest 
 At this point, you can challenge Mai. After defeating her, go to Kame Game Shop. Tristan and Duke are dueling for the right to date Serenity. After overhearing this, Joey gets incensed, particularly over how Tristan suggested the whole idea. Serenity then appears to stop the fight, and the gang asks who she likes. Serenity innocently replies she likes strong duelists like Mai, so Tristan and Duke decide to challenge Mai and prove their strength. Go to the Domino Pier, and inside the board you will see Mai giving orders to Tristan and Duke. She (jokingly) tells them to go on a training quest, and they leave for KaibaCorp. Go to the KaibaCorp, when they try to convince  Roland  to let them pass in order to train with the KC DuelTek 1000. They challenge the Dueling Machine, with Tristan losing and Duke barely winning. The Machine is unimpressed, calling them both idiots. So, they decide to stay and train more (At this point, you won't be able to duel the Dueling Machine until you finish the side quest).
 Finally, return to the Kame Game Shop. When Joey questioned Serenity about their feelings, she mentioned she actually likes somebody, in fact, every one of her friends. After overhearing this, Tristan and Duke ask her about what she said earlier about liking strong duelists, though she doesn't remember saying it, she mentioned that all her friends are strong duelists, after all. These events unlock another side quest later in the game.
 
 Italy 
 With Slifer on your side, you can now travel to Italy. Another Millennium Item should be buried there somewhere. Head to the next screen and speak to  Bonz . Defeat him, then  Bandit Keith  will arrive along with his two accomplices  Strings  and  Rare Hunter . He tells you that he has control over them and that they call themselves the " Neo Ghouls ". After the Neo Ghouls leave, Bonz shows you a hidden room where the Keeper awaits to test you.
 If you defeat him, he'll give you the  Millennium Ring . The spirit of the Ring  Yami Bakura  (Dark Bakura) appears to proclaim a world of chaos.
 Return to Ishizu to proceed. The next item will be found in China.
 
 China 
 A guy will welcome you. Head to the next screen at the right and talk to the other guy who's standing in your way. It doesn't seem that he would let you pass, so return to the first screen. 
 Challenge the guy at the snack bar, it will be revealed that he is  Para , then the other guy will arrive and reveal that he is  Dox . They challenge you in a  Tag Duel . Kaiba and Mokuba arrive to help you, and you have an option of choosing which of the two to fight. Kaiba will defeat the other. 
 After you've defeated either brother, you may now pass the blocked way to reach the next Keeper. If you defeat him, he'll give you the  Millennium Eye  that shows you Sol Chevalsky. The party remarks that  Maximillion Pegasus  has been Sol Chevalsky all the while.
 Get back to Ishizu. As  Obelisk The Tormentor  regains its power, Kaiba appears to reclaim the card. After Seto and Mokuba leave,  Serenity  comes and says she wants to see the  Kaibaman  Show.
 
 Free Time 
 So it seems that you and your friends may spend a little time for yourselves. Go to  KaibaCorp  to enjoy the show. In front of the building you'll see the  Big Five  begging Mokuba to rehire them.
 You may now act as a part of the  Kaibaman  show when you face the " Big Bad Five " disguised as  Deepsea Warrior ,  Nightmare Penguin ,  Jinzo ,  Judge Man  and  Robotic Knight . This puts you in a duel against them, with the Big Five as a collective opponent. After you defeat them, they will combine themselves to form  F.G.D , so you will need the help of Kaibaman. Then  Roland  dressed up as Kaibaman appears, summoning  Black Luster Soldier  and  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  and fusing them to form  Master of Dragon Soldier . Finally, he attacks and destroys  F.G.D  to end the show.
 When you return to Ishizu, she gives you the next location: Canada.
 
 Side Quest 
 At this point, Téa will be in the Clock Tower Square, lamenting about a fortuneteller reading. Then,  Johnny Steps  interrupts her and asks her to going out with him, so Téa asks you to defeat him. After winning, he walks away. Then,  Crump , dressed as Nightmare Penguin, appears and mentions that the fortuneteller told him that Téa will bring him luck so he demands that she works for him in order to make his dream come true, "Penguin Land". After Tea refuses, she asks the player, again, to help her. After his defeat, he walks away in disdain. Tea then reveals that the fortuneteller predicted that she will have the worst luck with men that day. Afterwards, she returns to the Kame Game Shop.
 
 Canada 
 Get inside the cave and talk to  Rex Raptor  (Ryuzaki). After defeating him, he'll let you pass deeper into the cave. The next Keeper is waiting in there to prove your worth. 
 Defeat him to get the  Millennium Rod  which will allow  Marik 's memories to appear to tell you that Marik himself is living in Egypt. The cave starts shaking, so Joey wants to leave. 
 Go back to Ishizu to learn the of next location: The Galapagos Islands.
 
 Galapagos Islands 
 At the island, you can find and duel  Mako Tsunami  and  Weevil Underwood , but they can be skipped. Proceed to the ruins, Inside the ruins, you will find  Yami Yugi  in front of the  Millennium Scales  but after a long conversation, it is revealed that he is not Yami Yugi but actually  Mimic of Doom  (Mimic of The Dead).
 Once you defeat him, you will obtain the  Millennium Scales . Shadi again appears to ask you to save  Pegasus  for he's a victim of Reshef's dark power. 
 If you head back to  Ishizu  and talk to her, Slifer loses its power and turns back into stone again. Ishizu's shocked because she thought that the power of the Millennium Items you gathered would resurrect  The Winged Dragon of Ra . Ishizu suspects that  Obelisk  also has turned into stone. She urges you to look for him while she would locate the mightiest Millennium Item of all: The  Millennium Puzzle .
 
 Side Quest 
 If you had done the Serenity's Side Quest, after the Egyptian Gods became stone, Ishizu will ask for time in order to plan their next move. Lucky arrives and starts barking, and this prompts Joey to think something is wrong. Ishizu allows the party to investigate. 
 When the player arrives at the Kame Game shop, Serenity and Duke will explain that a Monkey Robot came out of the Kame Game shop and that Lucky was talking to it. Duke didn't believe that there was another person close to Lucky and this causes Duke to realize that the only person who was close to Lucky was Tristan. They assume that Reshef's revival resulted in Tristan turning into a robot monkey.
 When the player talk to Solomon Muto, he will remain skeptical. With Mokuba, he thinks that is silly, but he remembers that they made them and were never sold well, but also mentions that they were previously sighted at some island. 
 The player travels to the Galapagos Islands to find more robot monkeys. One of them is agitated and challenges the player to a duel. Joey then urges the player to duel the rest of them, reasoning that the monkey that is Tristan will duel as badly as he does. The player enters the ruins to face and defeat the last robot monkey, returning it to the Game Shop.
 Solomon reveals that the robot monkey is his, and he programmed it to behave that way. The real Tristan returns, explaining that he simply went out to get some food. The robot monkey then becomes a repeatable opponent in the Game Shop.
 Speak to Ishizu to progress the plot.
 
 The Neo Ghouls are comin' 
 You don't have to go a long way to find Seto and Mokuba. They're at the KaibaCorp building. Talk to him, no matter what option you choose, Seto will leave. 
 If you return to the Clock Tower Square, you'll watch two Neo Ghouls attacking a couple of weaker duelists. Chase them away by defeating them. At the upper right part of Clock Tower Square,  Hanasaki  dressed up as  Zombyra the Dark  is trying to get rid of one of the Neo Ghouls but he fails and the Ghoul leaves. Whenever you try to talk to him, a Neo Ghoul comes to you to duel you. These Neo Ghouls, along with the others you see at Clock Tower Square, will return after you leave the screen, making for a unique repeatable source of income and cards.
 When you reach the place where you usually would meet Ishizu, you'll see another cut scene,  Rare Hunter  in a Duel with Espa's younger brothers and he summons Exodia to defeat them. Right after the duel ends,  Espa Roba  himself appears to defend his brothers. They notice you and the Rare Hunter will challenge you to a duel while Espa takes on the other Neo Ghouls. Thanks to  Jinzo , Espa is able to do away with the other two Neo Ghouls. From Espa, you'll learn that Ishizu was kidnapped by the Neo Ghouls and brought to the  Domino Station .
 Once you arrive at Domino Station, you will see 3 Neo Ghouls but they will not let you pass, so you have to duel and defeat one of them. However, if he leaves, another Ghoul will take his place. You'll have to draw them off the train station somehow.
 There's only one solution: It's time to ask your duel friends for help!
 
 Need of help 
 First, you should go to  Domino Pier  to help Mai out of her misery. For this you have to get rid of  Arkana . As soon as you drive the Ghouls away, Mai will thank you and leave to do what she can to defeat the Ghouls at the Clock Tower Square.
 The next ally is Mako who is still on the Galapagos Islands, in the island's ruins. From there, you'll have to face off against  Strings  in order to make Mako go to Clock Tower Square.
 In China, Weevil is being coerced by  Lumis and Umbra  to join the Neo Ghouls. Defeat either of them to proceed.
 Bonz in Italy and Rex in Canada are each being harassed by rank-and-file Ghouls, and will assist you when the Ghouls are defeated.
 Now finally, go back to Clock Tower Square and talk to Espa Roba. There are still some Ghouls in the town that you have to defeat. You'll have to duel the Rare Hunter one more time at the Kaibaman Show while Espa Roba will take on the Big Bad Five.
 Afterwards, you'll be able to head to the Egyptian Exhibition but you're still not able to get there directly. So you'll have to take the Duel Express which has been taken over by the Neo Ghouls. You need to face a total of five Neo Ghouls on the way without an opportunity to refill your LP, but they are not difficult to defeat because of their lowered LP. After you have forced your way through the carriages, the Duel Express will arrive at the Exhibition station.
 Deal with the three Neo Ghouls and move towards the chamber you already were before. As you meet Kaiba, talk to him so that you can reach it. Hand over the Millennium Items to Keith in order to save Ishizu. Keith will resurrect  The Winged Dragon of Ra  in  Sphere Mode , and duels you to test its power. As you beat Keith, Slifer will rise again and the Millennium Puzzle is given back to Yugi.
 Keith receives Ra's judgment. As a reward you get "The Winged Dragon of Ra (Sphere Mode)". Yugi and Yami's reunification does not last for long because Reshef will take control over Keith where he will smash the Puzzle into many pieces.
 Para appears and steals a piece of the Millennium Puzzle so Yami is once again trapped inside his own item. At the station, you'll meet Seto who is forced to watch as Mokuba is kidnapped by Dox. Para comes out of the room and the two brothers leave with Mokuba inviting Seto to visit Pegasus.
 Now you need to meet  Paradox  to find out where Sol's castle is located.
 
 Paradox 
 As you enter China once again, Paradox appears in front of you. He tells you that Ra would not be able to help you if he is in Sphere Mode, so you need to find someone who can activate  Ra's battle mode .
 Head back to Clock Tower Square and ask Ishizu to find out that the only one who could help you is her brother Marik who now lives in Egypt. 
 When you arrive,  Odion  welcomes you, but also forbids the party from seeing Marik. You can opt to duel him, but regardless of whether you choose to or not, Marik will let you enter.
 Marik will surely help you but he has to test your abilities. Afterwards, if you beat him, he'll awaken Ra's battle mode. However, Marik is not able to resurrect  Ra's invincible Phoenix Mode . He asks you to return if you found out the secret behind that Mode.
 Now return to Paradox but before you are able to gather any information from him, you have to play a game with him. Head to the right and Duel one of his Guardians. They each possess 3000 LP, and reward you with a unique card on defeat - in addition to ante rewards. Continue going right each time, but be aware that turning back will reset the trial.
 But before Paradox is providing any information, you have to do a little quiz:
 
 Which card you obtained first?
 Kuriboh 
 Which was the fifth?
 Curse of Dragon . 
 Then he'll challenge you. He is significantly stronger than the Guardians before him. After defeating him, he'll provide you with the location of Pegasus's hideout.
 Before moving to his hideout, you might want to get Ra's Phoenix mode. Head back to Solomon's shop and enter the following code into the Password Machine: 51404976 Now head to Egypt where Odion welcomes you. You tell him that you've found out the secret of Ra's Phoenix mode. He leads you to his master Marik who will transform Ra into its Phoenix mode.
 By now, you should be prepared for the final quests. Be careful, as the opponents you face from now on will start to have a Life Point advantage at 10,000 rather than the usual 8000.
 
 Pegasus Island 
 Enter the cable railway to follow Kaiba but it's a trap! The party gets ambushed by Chevalsky's servants - the Chevaliers, and has to fend them off. After leaving the cable railway, PaniK awaits you and Mimic of Doom supports him. You and Joey will face them but they won't disappear. Joey himself will take on the two of them, leaving you and Yugi to continue on.
 Go right to see the  World Map  and enter the  Dungeon .
 
 Dungeon 
 When you enter the dungeon, you may choose whether to go left or right, it doesn't really matter. There are just two enemies you can't walk around.
 After you reach the stairs at the top of the dungeon, two other duelists appear, Para and Dox. You and Yugi have to defeat them but if they're defeated, they will not free the way. So Yugi frees it for you by dueling both the  Paradox Brothers  on his own.
 Now you're alone...
 
 Pegasus Castle 
 As you make your way into the castle, Paradox appears and tells you that you'll need 5 spirit cards from your friends to be able to pass the labyrinth that awaits you. 
 So head to Mako, Mai, Weevil, Espa Roba, Bonz and Rex to duel them. They will give you their dearest cards:  The Legendary Fisherman ,  Harpie Lady ,  Insect Queen ,  Jinzo ,  Pumpking the King of Ghosts  and  Two-Headed King Rex . (They can be found where you met them in the first place).
 After you've gathered the required cards, you may proceed to enter the castle. You'll meet several Pegasus Servants that are disguised as your "fellow duelists" as Paradox would say. First you have to battle Bonz, second is Rex and then comes Weevil, followed by Mako, Espa Roba and Mai.
 After defeating Sol's Servants, right before entering the room where you meet Kaiba, you can turn left and enter a hidden room. Look at the large picture so that Shadi appears. He'll tell you what happened to Pegasus after  Yami Bakura  defeated him and took his Millennium Eye. Entering the room is not necessary for completing the game, but expands on the plot's backstory.
 Proceed forward into the next room, just as Kaiba defeats another of the Chevaliers. Ishizu also arrives and asks Kaiba for help but he's still thinking he will beat Pegasus with his "perfect" Deck. Mokuba suddenly shows up under Reshef's control and wants to challenge Seto but he is not able to harm Mokuba. So it's up to you to bring back Mokuba and defeat him.
 Once Mokuba regains his senses, Seto thanks you but although he owes you his help, he will not give you his Obelisk The Tormentor unless you defeat him in a Duel.
 
 The Final Battles 
 Now after defeating Kaiba, you will face  Sol Chevalsky . Take caution - he starts off with 20,000 Life Points. Once you defeat him, Reshef will be released. Drawing on the despair from the many duelists you defeated to get this far, Reshef will prove to be overwhelming. 
 However, Kaiba, Yugi and Joey will show up to offer you some encouragement, along with weakening Reshef with their signature cards so that you can face him. You will then need to defeat Reshef, who boasts an extraordinary 40,000 Life Points  and  holds all 3 God Cards, without even having a chance to restore your Life Points. 
 After defeating Reshef, he tries to regain strength by drawing on Sol Chevalsky's soul. Sol Chevalsky will have none of it but as Reshef has an unbreakable grip on his soul, Chevalsky opts to become the new vessel in which Reshef will be sealed and calls on the player to use the power of the 3 God Cards to seal Reshef within him. After Chevalsky's sacrifice, the player and his party escape Chevalsky's collapsing hideout.
 Peace returns to the world and Domino City as all the player's friends part ways. Ishizu Ishtar returns to once again ask for the return of the God Cards so that they will be sealed. After the player does so (without much of a choice here), the end credits roll.
 
 Hall of Eternity 
 After you beat the game, you can re-load your last save and a new location on the world map will be opened, the Hall of Eternity. In the Hall of Eternity, you can find some of the hardest duelists in the game, each of which upon defeat, yields some of the most powerful cards in the game, along with a massive (by this game's standards) 10-20 increase in Deck Capacity.
 Duelists in The Hall of Eternity 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Starts off with 30,000 LP 
 Seto Kaiba  - Starts off with 60,000 LP, possesses  Obelisk the Tormentor . 
 Dark Joey  - Starts off with 30,000 LP 
 Yami Bakura  - Starts off with 60,000 LP 
 Yami Yugi  - Starts off with 60,000 LP, possesses  Slifer the Sky Dragon . 
 Yami Marik  (After unlocking The Winged Dragon of Ra (Phoenix Mode))- Starts off with 60,000 LP, possesses  The Winged Dragon of Ra (Phoenix Mode) . 
 Noah  - Starts off with 60,000 LP 
 Shadi  - Starts off with 30,000 LP 
 Paradox  - Starts off with 30,000 LP 
 Notes 
 When you have completed the game, Ishizu will ask you to hand over the Egyptian God Cards, so that they can be sealed again but even after giving her the Egyptian Gods, the player will still have them in their  Deck  or  Trunk .
 In  Reshef of Destruction , like in  The Sacred Cards , many cards that are Effect Monsters in the  TCG / OCG  are  Normal Monsters  in this game, many  Fusion Monsters  are non-Fusion  Effect Monsters , and all  Ritual Monsters  are  Divine -Type and can be summoned either with a  Ritual Spell Card  (which does not require them to be in the Deck) or by  Tribute Summon .
 
 Gameplay changes 
 Reshef of Destruction, being a sequel to  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards , runs a similar battle system to its prequel. Introduced however, are continuous Monster effects. In between each move, a cursor scrolls across the screen - if any continuous Monster effects are detected, they are applied. Many of such monster effects are those that increase or decrease ATK/DEF, like  Slifer the Sky Dragon . The game's inability to sustain these effects between moves and the need to keep checking for them can make a duel tediously long.
 Reshef of Destruction increased the game's difficulty and length by raising the card restrictions. Many cards now have a much higher card capacity and purchase cost than before and the increase in Deck capacity, after every Duel, has been drastically reduced - the player only receives a paltry increase in 1 capacity when defeating a Duelist that can be challenged repeatedly and 3 for any Duelist that will only duel once.
 The player is also subject to  a more restrictive card restriction list  than before. For example, they can only use one copy of  Torrential Tribute  compared to 3 in  the prequel . However, AI opponents are not restricted by this list, resulting in late-game opponents having 3 copies of  Raigeki ,  Change of Heart ,  Monster Reborn  and so on, in addition to them having unlimited deck capacity and duelist level to use cards far stronger than the player can afford.
 The player's Life Point counter can reach 5 digits rather than maxing out at 9999. Unfortunately, his Life Points always carries over between duels unless he travels home to restore his Life Points, and the player starts their next duel at 8000 LP if they end a Duel with more than that amount. With the player needing to defeat multiple opponents in a row late in the game and endgame opponents starting with more than the default 8000 Life Points, this too has proven to be a source of frustration.
 Other changes are:
 
 New temporary/permanent effects of cards have been added (eg. Destiny Board). 
 Some types of cards have been changed (eg. Dragon Capture Jar). 
 Cards are bought from Grandpa's Game Shop instead of the Card Shop. 
 It costs 1000 Domino to use the Password Machine. 
 The Duel Computer has three levels - Novice, Standard and Expert. 
 There are voices in duels for certain characters (eg. Seto Kaiba). 
 You can sort cards by effect. 
 Multiplayer has been added. 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra has three forms (Sphere, Battle and Phoenix) and can be used without a cheat device. 
 Your end-game progress will be lost but anything received from the last two duelists will be saved automatically rather than losing everything. 
 You can't sell or bet a card if you only have 1 copy of it in your Trunk. 
 If you have more than 1 Trap on the field, the one on the far left will be set off first. 
 You can travel around the world and visit countries like Italy and Canada. 
 A few areas of Clock Tower Square have been changed or removed (eg. the cemetery and alleyways). 
 God Cards no longer trigger monster destruction traps. 
 Characters 
 Main 
 The Player 
 Yugi Mutou  (武藤 遊戯  Mutō Yūgi ) 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  (城之内 克也  Jōnouchi Katsuya ) /  Joey Wheeler 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Anzu Mazaki  /  Téa Gardner 
 Hiroto Honda  /  Tristan Taylor 
 Ryuji Otogi  /  Duke Devlin 
 Serenity Wheeler  / Shizuka Katsuya 
 Antagonists 
 Reshef 
 Taiyō Tenma  (天馬太陽  Tenma Taiyō ) /  Sol Chevalsky 
 Keith Howard  /  Bandit Keith 
 Pandora  /  Arkana 
 Rare Hunter  /  Rare Hunter 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead  /  Puppeter of Doom 
 Mimic of Dead  /  Mimic of Doom 
 Mei  /  Para 
 Kyu  /  Dox 
 Chevaliers 
 Millennium Items Keeper 
 The Big Bad Five 
 Neo Ghouls 
 Other 
 Dark Yugi  /  Yami Yugi 
 Dark Bakura  /  Yami Bakura 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mai Kujaku  /  Mai Valentine 
 Esper Roba  /  Espa Roba 
 Insector Haga  /  Weevil Underwood 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki  /  Rex Raptor 
 Ryuta Kajiki  /  Mako Tsunami 
 Ghost Kotsuzuka  /  Bonz 
 Rishido  /  Odion 
 Shimon Muran 
 Shadi 
 Jean Claude Magnum 
 Step Johnny  /  Johnny Steps 
 Rebecca Hopkins  /  Rebecca Hawkins 
 Monkey Robot 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Dark Marik  /  Yami Marik 
 Exclusive cards 
 A number of cards featured in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction  were video game-only at the time of the game's release.
 
 
 List of Video Game Only Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Giant Rex 
 Last Tusk Mammoth 
 Orgoth the Relentless 
 Aeris 
 Penguin Torpedo 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Perfect Machine King 
 Gate Sword 
 Leopard Girl 
 Steel Fan Fighter 
 Talons of Shurilane 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Battle Mode) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Phoenix Mode) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Sphere Mode) 
 Command Angel 
 Psycho-Puppet 
 Mask of Shine & Dark 
 Ruklamba the Spirit King 
 Space Megatron 
 Soldier Ari 
 Aqua Serpent 
 Doll of Demise 
 Legion the Fiend Jester Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cursebreaker 
 Winged Trumpeter 
 Beckon to Darkness 
 Traps 
 Bear Trap 
 Invisible Wire 
 Game guides 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 8: Reshef of Destruction Game Guide 1 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 8: Reshef of Destruction Game Guide 2 
 Promotional cards 
 Japanese 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 8: Reshef of Destruction promotional cards 
 International 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction promotional cards 
 Gallery 
 North American English cover European English cover French cover Japanese cover 
 Trivia 
 Yugi Muto 's appearance on the box cover for this video game is taken from the title page for  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  - Duel 137 . 
 External links 
 Gamefaqs  page 
 The Cutting Room Floor  page 
 Data Crystal page 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_Reshef_of_Destruction.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110203090020', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Flag_of_Australia.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101213011422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/ROD_The_World%27s_Final_Doom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/160?cb=20100926170126', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/ROD-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150605143749', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_Reshef_of_Destruction.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20110203090020', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/ROD-VideoGameFR.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150605144142', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/DM8-Box-JP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120511225955', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction, Video games