Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_003


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 003 
 
 
 
 
 Aided by  the President  of  Leo Corporation ,  Sylvio   Pendulum Summons . 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ダークタウン 奪われたペンデュラム召喚！！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dāku Taun Ubawareta Pendyuramu Shōkan!! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Dark Town - The Stolen Pendulum Summon!! 
 
 
 English 
 Trade Bait: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 003 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 20, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 7, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 April 16, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 March 20, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Trade Bait: Part 1 ", known as " Dark Town - The Stolen Pendulum Summon!! " in the Japanese version, is the third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 20, 2014, in Canada on Teletoon on August 7, 2015, and on Nicktoons in the US on February 28, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 A shadow approaches  Yuya  who is trying to master  Pendulum Summoning  with help from  Zuzu  and the gang. That "shadow" is  Sylvio Sawatari , a student of the Elite Duel School,  LID . Sylvio claims he wishes to see Yuya’s Pendulum Summoning, but…!?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Gong Strong 
 2.2   Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 4.1   Dub Mistakes 
 
 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Cast 
 
 
 Summary 
       Yuya  Pendulum Summons  successfully.     One night in  You Show Duel School ,  Yuya  is in the middle of a Duel. He  activates  " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician " in his  Pendulum Zones  as his opponent,  Gong  watches. Yuya declares, " Pendulum Summon !" ("Swing into action!" in the dub) as he Summons " Performapal Whip Snake ", " Performapal Sword Fish ", and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Gong is moved to tears because Yuya managed to figure out Pendulum Summoning after 291 tries (247 in the dub). He blames himself for Yuya taking too long, even if he was only Yuya's training partner. As Gong embraces Yuya, Yuya congratulates himself and drifts off to sleep.
 The next day, at  Paradise Prep School , Yuya has fallen asleep in the middle of class, muttering "Pendulum" between snores (in the dub, Yuya talks in his sleep, dreaming as if he was in a Duel). A concerned  Zuzu  looks frantically between the sleeping Yuya and the teacher, who writes a math problem on the blackboard. He calls on Yuya to answer the problem. To Zuzu's surprise, Yuya is still asleep. The teacher yells Yuya's name again and he promptly wakes up. Yuya jumps from his seat and "activates" "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician" in his Pendulum Zones, before realizing he isn't at You Show right now. Unsatisfied, the teacher gets right up into Yuya's face and asks Yuya for an excuse. Yuya replies that the answer is "the right one", earning him a smack from Zuzu's fan (in the dub, various students call Yuya out on falling asleep during class, with one even saying he should be sent to detention; the teacher asks Yuya if his math lessons put him to sleep, and Yuya admits that they don't add up to a fun time for him). She says the answer was "never right" and calls him stupid (in the dub, Zuzu yells at Yuya to go back to sleep).
 
       Sylvio's  darts stuck onto  Yuya's  face.     
 After school, Zuzu admits that she knows that Yuya was trying to master Pendulum Summoning, but reminds him not to go daydreaming in class. Yuya addresses Zuzu's concern with the notion that she got off a funny punchline because of it. Zuzu tries to tell Yuya that this isn't the problem (in the dub, Zuzu scolds Yuya because his attempt at Pendulum Summoning caused him to be the laughingstock in class; he has to show up next class with a paper bag over his head. Yuya says the paper bag isn't a bad idea for getting huge laughs, but Zuzu says she has had enough laughs for a day), but they find  Frederick ,  Ally , and  Tate  waiting for them in front of the school gate. Yuya greets them and Frederick says he heard that Yuya perfected Pendulum Summoning. Tate asks Yuya to show them, and Yuya decides to head to You Show to do just that. After a few steps, three sucker-tipped darts hit Yuya on the face. Zuzu asks what's going on as a boy in front of them yells that he scored 150 points (in the dub, Zuzu is surprised that whoever threw the darts scored a triple bull's-eye, while the boy says this was mere child's play and he could do it blindfolded). Yuya calls the boy's shots a bull's-eye (in the dub, Yuya asks who the boy is) and the boy shakes Yuya's hand. He introduces himself as  Sylvio  from Class 1 and says it's nice to meet him (he also claims that he's Yuya's biggest fan in the dub). Sylvio adds that he watched Yuya's Duel against  the Sledgehammer  on TV and was amazed at the Pendulum Summon. He also pulls the darts off of Yuya's face. Sylvio asks Yuya about the cards he used for the Summon. Yuya replies, "Pendulum cards" and Sylvio says rare cards like those can only be used by the chosen (in the dub, Sylvio also expresses interest in learning how to Pendulum Summon). Zuzu tells Sylvio that he didn't need to flatter Yuya this much (in the dub, Zuzu tells Sylvio not to inflate Yuya's ego even further; it could burst). As Yuya is flustered by Sylvio's behavior, Sylvio replies that what he said was true. Zuzu whispers to Yuya that he should show the children the Pendulum Summon at You Show. Sylvio offers them a better place to show the Summon, at  LID's  Center Court. Yuya and Zuzu are surprised that Sylvio made a reservation there (in the dub, Yuya and Zuzu think that the Center Court is for LID students only), and he tells them he is a top student at LID. He also adds that  his father  will be  Paradise City 's next mayor. Sylvio elaborates that he asked his father for the reservation. The children are excited to see the Pendulum Summon at LID, one of the top Dueling schools. Zuzu is unimpressed and mutters they could have done it at You Show instead. Frederick tries to convince her that this is LID's Center Court they're talking about here (in the dub, Frederick says he heard that LID has a snack bar). Tate and Ally nod, and Zuzu reluctantly agrees to come along too, but only as a member of a rival school to check the competition. The children cheer as Sylvio responds he thought Zuzu would say that and decides to bring all five of them to LID (in the dub, Sylvio says the You Show students can come with him if they'd like and bids them  au revoir ). The five You show students make their way to the prestigious Duel school, with Zuzu yelling at the children to slow down (in the dub, Zuzu tells the children to calm down; it's not like they're going to a toy store). Sylvio lets them go ahead and stops. He makes a motion with his hand as if he is about to throw a dart and mutters that everything is going according to plan.
 
       Sora's  walks by  Yuya  while he is looking at  LID's  various courses.     
 The group makes it to LID (the first part of a pan of Paradise City is cut from the dub), with Sylvio welcoming his companions. The children are impressed at the school's interior. On a screen, " Heroic Champion - Excalibur " dodges beam attacks from " Cyber Dragon Nova ". In the school itself, students are Dueling, discussing various card tactics, and even training themselves physically to  draw cards . Sylvio explains that the Leo Institute of Dueling (LID for short) is run by the  Leo Corporation ; however, attending the school itself is invitation-only (he doesn't mention invitations in the dub). Tate adds that LID is the top Dueling institution (in the dub, Sylvio is the one who says that LID is the top Dueling institution, with the best students, while Tate explains that LID produces many champions) and Frederick is impressed by his knowledge. Tate reveals that his mother thought LID would be the better school for him (in the dub, Tate says LID also has the best Dueling equipment). Sylvio tells the group that the best facilities, lectures, and curriculum is LID's motto. Ally says LID basically has everything that You Show doesn't (in the dub, Ally comments that You Show and LID are alike, only that You Show is surrounded by mediocrity). Sylvio commends her for her prior knowledge. An unimpressed Zuzu sarcastically apologizes to Sylvio for their school being run-down (in the dub, Sylvio says he heard that You Show is in low taste; Zuzu is offended at this remark because she realizes that LID was better at everything). Frederick tries to calm her down; even cheap places have their strong points. Yuya admits that it's true that LID has things that You Show doesn't; they even cover the basics on  Xyz ,  Synchro , and  Fusion Summoning  as he looks at a poster on LID's curriculum (a shot of the full poster is cut from the dub). As he does so,  a young boy  with blue hair tied into a ponytail passes him by, licking a lollipop. The boy looks at Yuya for a brief moment before continuing his way. Yuya watches him until Zuzu snaps him out of his thoughts. Sylvio points out that the Center Court is to his right.
 
         Sylvio  claims  Yuya's   Pendulum Cards .     
 When they arrive, the children marvel at the court's massive size. Frederick comments that he always wanted to be here. Shortly after this, three more boys approach the group.  The boy with brown hair  greets the group and Sylvio clarifies that the three boys are Yuya's fans as well. He asks Yuya to show them the Pendulum cards. Yuya is uncertain, and Sylvio says it will be only for a short while (in the dub, Sylvio calls the cards his best buds already). He reluctantly agrees, digs into his pocket, and pulls out his " Magician " cards. Sylvio snatches them from Yuya's hand and promptly shows them off to the trio who came after them. The brown-haired boy asks if they really are Pendulum cards, while the  green-haired boy  exclaims he must have them. Sylvio takes the cards back and says these cards aren't theirs to begin with. He glances at Yuya and adds that he will put them in his collection. Zuzu asks what Sylvio means (in the dub, Zuzu tells Sylvio this isn't amusing). Sylvio explains that he likes rare and powerful cards, and hates putting weak ones in his Deck. He says he will be taking the Pendulum cards off of Yuya's hands now (in the dub, Sylvio admits that the cards were so strong he couldn't resist taking them), with  the maroon-haired boy  laughing in agreement. Zuzu realizes that this is why Sylvio brought them here. Sylvio says now that he has the cards, he can't wait to try them out. He asks his cohorts if they would like to see a Pendulum Summon. The maroon- and brown-haired boys agree. Sylvio reveals that his plan was also why he made a reservation at Center Court. Yuya is confused (in the dub, Yuya tells Sylvio to cancel the reservation), but Sylvio insists it's fine because everyone came all this way to see the Pendulum Summon. As he finishes his sentence, he approaches Yuya, pulls his goggles, and snaps them back on his face, causing him to fall back. Tate yells Yuya's name, but Sylvio goads Yuya into Dueling him. His  D-Pad  rings and a voice tells Silvio that's enough; his only job was to get the Pendulum cards. Sylvio tells  Claude  that this isn't his only goal; he wanted Yuya's cards right from the start. Claude is furious at Sylvio's change of plan; he yells at him not to do any unnecessary risks (in the dub, Claude specifically orders Sylvio to return with the cards), but he gets cut off by  the President , who convinces him to let Sylvio proceed and use the cards.
 
         Sylvio  throws his "trash cards" on the ground.     
 Back at Center Court, Sylvio says this is the deal, then. He snaps his fingers and two of his lackeys grab Zuzu, while the third grabs the children. Yuya yells at Sylvio to let them go. Sylvio tells him not to worry; they'll be here to help with the Duel (in the dub, Sylvio assures Yuya that his friends are safe, not until the Duel starts). He adds that he felt bad for taking Yuya's cards, as he takes another set of cards from his coat and throws them toward Yuya. Sylvio calls them "trash cards", cards that fit Yuya perfectly. Yuya is caught in a state of panic, as he looks at the stack. Among them are " Block Spider ", " The Six Samurai - Yariza " (replaced by another copy of "Block Spider" in the dub's second shot of the stack), " Morinphen ", " Hungry Burger ", " Localized Tornado ", and " The Humble Sentry ". Yuya repeats, "trash?" (in the dub, Yuya mutters that no card is worthless), kneels down, and gathers the cards he received. He wonders why Sylvio treated the cards this way (in the dub, Yuya says this isn't a fair trade).
 From a screen, Claude asks the President if this is a good idea. The President answers that he should let the Duel play out. Before the Duel, Sylvio decides on the Action  Field Spell Card , the setting that "imprisons feeble princesses" (in the dub, Sylvio hopes Yuya's friends aren't scared of heights, as he'll take them sky-high), " Prison Tower of Darkville ". The  Solid Vision  machine conjures up chains that surround Zuzu and the children. Yuya yells at them to hang on, and the five hostages are confined to a tower surrounded by chains. As the dark city continues to manifest, Sylvio asks Yuya if the princess should be imprisoned in the tower (in the dub, Sylvio says it'd be a waste to have a prison tower without any prisoners). Yuya runs away from Sylvio, jumping from building to building as he tries to make his way to his friends. Before he can get to them, a water canal and the tower's great height separates the two parties. As the tower continues to rise, Frederick asks what's going on. Tate explains that the still-materializing Solid Vision field is affecting them as well. Frederick yells this is too real until the tower reaches its highest point, as part of a bridge. Yuya runs to them, but Sylvio catches him. He tells them that if he wants his friends back, they will Duel. Yuya accepts and activates his D-Pad. He adds "Block Spider" to his Deck and  shuffles  it. 
 
         Frederick  begins to fall off the building.     
 Sylvio is satisfied that Yuya accepted the Duel (in the dub, Sylvio says they will Duel until he learns what he needs to, then crush Yuya). He and his lackeys recite the Action Dueling chant (in the dub, the lackeys gloat that Sylvio will show the Pendulum Summon after taking the Pendulum cards from Yuya, while Sylvio expresses his desire for Yuya to teach him about Pendulum Summoning), and the two Duelists yell, "Duel!" Yuya decides to go first and runs past Sylvio. He enters a building, runs upstairs, and  Normal Summons  "Performapal Whip Snake", which coils itself around Yuya's wrist. Yuya approaches an open window and uses "Whip Snake" to anchor to another building and swing from it. After he lands on another rooftop, he ends his  turn . Sylvio starts his turn and  draws  " Lightning Hoverboard ". "Timegazer Magician" is in his opening hand as well. He is about to activate it in a Pendulum Zone, but a voice from his D-Pad reminds him not to. Sylvio demands who he is talking to because he felt this was the perfect time to activate the card, and the President repeats his order not to use the card yet. Sylvio wonders why the President is being worked up over this (in the dub, Sylvio agrees to follow the order; he will save "Timegazer Magician" for the final blow). Regardless, he heeds the order and Summons "Lightning Hoverboard". He hops on it and starts chasing after Yuya. As Yuya swings to another building, Sylvio chides him for being desperate, but this is part of his plan, too (in the dub, Sylvio tells Yuya he can't save his friends this way, but he will put them in greater danger instead). "Whip Snake" anchors itself to a bridge rope and Yuya swings from it. Yuya looks around the bridge until he spots an  Action Card  lying on the floor. When he picks it up, it turns out to be a  Trap Card . Sylvio contacts Yuya and confirms the card's name - " Break Shot ". The card disappears from Yuya's hand and pool balls roll over Yuya and "Whip Snake". "Whip Snake' ends up being flattened, while Yuya gets caught running on one of the balls. Sylvio explains that "Break Shot" decreases a  monster's   ATK  by 900. The ATK of "Whip Snake" lowers to 800 before it recovers. Sylvio chides Yuya again for his foolishness; not all Action Cards are meant to be helpful, as Traps are among them. He also warns Yuya that his friends are in even greater danger, too (in the dub, Sylvio says Yuya made a beginner's mistake: Action Cards always come with risks and adds that the ball Yuya is rolling on doesn't have any brakes). Yuya crashes into a tower's wall, causing a tremor that is felt by his friends. Frederick falls and is about to slip off the tower, but Zuzu saves him by catching him by the legs. He panics because he was about to fall into the canal, while Zuzu, Ally, and Tate try to calm him down. 
 Yuya is disgusted by Sylvio's underhanded tactics. Sylvio declares the start of his  Battle Phase . He attacks "Whip Snake" with "Lightning Hoverboard", declaring " Lightning Darts !". "Lightning Hoverboard" shoots bolts of lightning at "Whip Snake" while Yuya runs looking for another Action Card. He manages to find and take another one on the bridge's railing, only to realize it's another Trap. Sylvio calls it too bad, as he reveals the card is " Jump Shot ", which decreases a monster's ATK by 400. A cue ball appears overhead and squishes "Whip Snake", reducing its ATK to 400. The lightning of "Lightning Hoverboard"  destroys  "Whip Snake" and Yuya is down to 3000  LP . Sylvio advises Yuya that if he's not careful, he'll get hurt. The cue ball is about to drop on Yuya, but he jumps out of the way in time. It bounces back up, then down again, and destroys part of the bridge. Sylvio ends his turn (in the dub, Sylvio considers taking down Yuya's friends, but holds off of it), musing that it won't be long before the tower Yuya's friends are on is destroyed, too.
 Yuya climbs back up, to find his friends in greater peril as the tower starts to collapse. Zuzu is still holding on to Frederick, with Tate and Ally holding on to her. Zuzu asks Frederick if he's okay, but he only yells that he doesn't want to fall. Zuzu tells Frederick that boys shouldn't cry, with Ally and Tate agreeing. The latter states that Yuya isn't crying, so he shouldn't cry either (in the dub, Zuzu, Tate, and Ally tell Frederick that Yuya isn't giving up on them, and they shouldn't give up on him). Yuya promises to save everyone, and Sylvio mockingly agrees (in the dub, Sylvio only agrees to have Yuya help his friends only if he learns how to Pendulum Summon), stating that if it ended here, their party would be disappointed. Yuya begins his turn and draws " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ". He realizes that if he can't navigate on land, he'll have to do so by sea. He Normal Summons "Skeeter Skimmer" and boards it to reach his friends. Sylvio mutters that Yuya's LP is only at 3000. He can shoot them down to 0; as he makes that statement, he makes another dart-throwing motion with his hand (in the dub, Sylvio is disappointed that Yuya won't teach him; he'll have to go all-out).
 
         Pendulum Monsters  are activated on  Sylvio's   Duel Disk .     
 Sylvio's turn comes and he draws " Tribute Trade ". The President says Sylvio drew a good card. Sylvio is confused at first, but immediately understands (in the dub, Sylvio mutters it must be his lucky day). He  Tributes  "Lightning Hoverboard" to activate "Tribute Trade". This lets him  add  a monster whose  Level  is 1 higher than the Tributed monster from his Deck to his hand. As "Lightning Hoverboard" is Level 4, Sylvio adds the Level 5 "Stargazer Magician" to his hand. Yuya exclaims the monster's name, and Sylvio confirms it, stating that it's  his  now (in the dub, Sylvio praises Yuya for finally showing an interest in his own cards; he does know what will come next). He reminds Sylvio that he can't Pendulum Summon with only one Pendulum card. Sylvio only chuckles and tells Yuya that he's a "chosen one". Yuya mutters, "It can't be," but Sylvio corrects him - the reaction should have been "Of course!" (in the dub, Sylvio admits Yuya brought up a good point; he planned ahead), since "Timegazer Magician" was in his hand from the beginning. He says a "super rare human" like himself is worthy of wielding super-rare cards before breaking out into laughter (in the dub, Sylvio says because Yuya refused to show him how Pendulum Summon, this means if he can do it, so can anyone else). He adds that the cards favor him now. From his control room, the President orders Sylvio to set the Pendulum cards. Sylvio is confused and the President reiterates his command. He starts with, "I, using the Scale 1 Stargazer Magician", while Sylvio repeats his words and motions. Yuya is in disbelief that someone other than him can Pendulum Summon. The President and Sylvio continue with "and the Scale 8 Timegazer Magician", as they activate both "Magicians" in the Pendulum Zones. They declare "Pendulum Summon!" and Sylvio Pendulum Summons " Power Dart Striker ", " Rocket Dart Striker ", and " Ultimate Dart Striker " from his hand, all in  Attack Position . Sylvio is amazed and calls the Pendulum Summon the best (in the dub, Sylvio is happy that he successfully Pendulum Summoned on his first try and proceeds to "thank" Yuya for the cards, as they made him a Pendulum master). Meanwhile, Yuya mutters this can't be happening, as his friends watch his disbelief. Zuzu mutters Yuya's name (in the dub, she is surprised that Sylvio succeeded). The blue-haired boy from earlier is also watching the Duel. The President is satisfied with what Sylvio had done.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Gong Strong 
 Duel  already in progress.
 Yuya's turn 
 Yuya  activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Whip Snake " (1700/900), " Performapal Sword Fish " (600/600) and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000) from his  hand  in  Attack Position .
 As the Duel was meant as a means for Yuya to figure out Pendulum Summoning, it ends here.
 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
         Yuya VS Silvio     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Prison Tower of Darkville " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Yuya 
 Yuya   Normal Summons  " Performapal Whip Snake " (1700/900).
 Turn 2: Sylvio 
 Sylvio   draws  " Lightning Hoverboard " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/1200). Sylvio's hand also contains " Timegazer Magician ". Yuya finds and  activates  an  Action Card , but it turns out to be the  Trap Card  " Break Shot ", whose  effect  reduces the  ATK  of "Whip Snake" by 900 ("Whip Snake": 1700 → 800/900). "Lightning Hoverboard"  attacks  "Whip Snake". Yuya finds another Action Card, but it again turns out to be a Trap Card, " Jump Shot ", which lowers the ATK of "Whip Snake" by 400 ("Whip Snake": 800 → 400/900). The attack continues and "Whip Snake" is  destroyed  (Yuya: 4000 → 3000  LP ).
 Turn 3: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer " and subsequently Normal Summons it (500/1600).
 Turn 4: Sylvio 
Sylvio draws " Tribute Trade " and subsequently activates it, letting him  Tribute  a  monster  to  add  a monster from his  Deck  to his hand that is one  Level  higher than the Tributed monster. He Tributes the  Level 4  "Lightning Hoverboard" to add the  Level 5  " Stargazer Magician ". Sylvio's hand contains " Breakthrough Skill ", " Power Dart Striker ", " Rocket Dart Striker ", " Ultimate Dart Striker ", "Timegazer Magician", and "Stargazer Magician". Sylvio activates "Stargazer Magician" (   1) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Sylvio Pendulum Summons "Power Dart Striker" (1800/700), "Rocket Dart Striker" (1900/100), and "Ultimate Dart Striker" (2400/300), all from his hand in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Block Spider 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lightning Hoverboard 
 Power Dart Striker 
 Rocket Dart Striker 
 Ultimate Dart Striker 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Stargazer Magician  (stolen from Yuya) 
 Timegazer Magician  (stolen from Yuya) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Tribute Trade 
 Traps 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 
 Action Field Spells Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Legendary Ocean 
 Acidic Downpour 
 Amazoness Village 
 Brain Research Lab 
 Canyon 
 Closed Forest 
 Dragon Ravine 
 Forest 
 Gaia Power 
 Geartown 
 Ghostrick Museum 
 Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Jurassic World 
 Karakuri Showdown Castle 
 Madolche Chateau 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor 
 Morphtronic Map 
 Mountain 
 Mystic Plasma Zone 
 Pandemonium 
 Prison Tower of Darkville 
 Rising Air Current 
 Savage Colosseum 
 Shrine of Mist Valley 
 Sogen 
 The Gates of Dark World 
 Umi 
 Umiiruka 
 Vampire Kingdom 
 Venom Swamp 
 Wasteland 
 Wetlands 
 Xyz Territory 
 Yami 
 Zombie World 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Break Shot 
 Jump Shot 
 
 Others Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Morinphen 
 Effect Monsters 
 Block Spider 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Hungry Burger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The Humble Sentry 
 Traps 
 Localized Tornado 
 
 Advertisements Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Cloudian - Smoke Ball 
 Key Mace 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Skull Servant 
 Effect Monsters 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Infernal Flame Emperor 
 Karate Man 
 Spirit of Flames Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Heroic Champion - Excalibur Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dian Keto the Cure Master 
 Molten Destruction 
 Mistakes 
 Dub Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are created by the dubbed version:
 
         Gong's missing scarf and chopped off tears.     
 Gong's scarf is missing and his tears are chopped off in one shot.
 Coincidentally, this shot has Japanese text digitally painted out. 
 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Faux-semblant - Partie 1
 
 
  Germany 
 Gelockt und geködert (1)
 
 
  Italian 
 Trappola con scambio (prima parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 다크 타운, 빼앗긴 펜듈럼 소환!!
 
 
  Thai 
 ดาร์กทาว์น การอัญเชิญแบบเพ็นดูลัมที่ถูกแย่งไป
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Shingo Sawatari 
 
 Shogo Yano 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 Michael Lockwood Crouch
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Youhei Oobayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Kakimoto 
 
 Takumi Watanabe 
 
 Kakimoto 
 
 
 
 
 Yamabe 
 
 
 
 Yamabe
 
 
 
 
 Ootomo 
 
 Sho Nogami 
 
 Ootomo
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/ArcV_003.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140420175426', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/PendulumTraining.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160120164419', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/YuyaDarts.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330060221', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/SoraLID.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330060133', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/SylvioSmirk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330060332', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/SylvioTrashCards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330060429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/FrederickFalls.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160330060444', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/PendulumOnShingoDisk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150914112846', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Yuya_VS_Sawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140420135635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Gong_error.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20150808114538', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes