Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Solomon_Muto

For other versions of this character, see  Solomon Muto (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Solomon Muto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  (manga) 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 
 
 English   (anime) 
 Solomon Moto 
 
 
 Other   
 Grandpa Mask the Rock (original)/Apdnarg Otum (dub) Trusdale 
 
 
 Japanese   
 武藤双六 
 
 
 Arabic   
 سولومون موتو 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 October 4 [1] [2] 
 
 
 Age 
 71 (at debut) 72 (at series' end) 
 
 
 Height 
 151 cm [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 62 kg [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 O [1] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Tamagoyaki [1] Japanese style omeletes [2] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed man (son) Mrs. Muto  (daughter-in-law) Yugi Muto  (grandson) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Owner of the  Kame Game  shop 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Grand Championship   Did not place     
 
 
 Deck 
 Strategy (given to Yugi) Ancient 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 1: " The Heart of the Cards " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie Ani-Manga 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Maddie Blaustein Wayne Grayson  (in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions ) Chuck Powers (Singapore) Marc Diraison  (in  episode 199 ) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Tadashi Miyazawa 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Hasan Hamdan 
 
 
 German  
 Peter Groeger (season 1-5, Pyramid of Light) Stefan Staudinger (ep. 199) Andre Beyer (The Dark Side of Dimensions) 
 
 
 Italian  
 Enrico Maggi 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Sérgio Galvão Tatá Guarnieri  (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Jorge Roig (1st voice,  Pyramid of Light ) (LATAM) Juan Alfonso Carralero (2nd voice,  Capsule Monsters ) (LATAM)  Julio Núñez (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Solomon Muto , known as  Sugoroku Mutou  in the Japanese version is the grandfather of  Yugi Muto . "Sugoroku" is a Japanese game similar to Backgammon. Solomon gave Yugi the  Millennium Puzzle  as a present. He owns the  Kame Game  shop, where Yugi and his friends get several of the games they play. Solomon is the present day counterpart of  Shimon Muran .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   History 
 
 1.1.1   Valley of the Kings expedition 
 1.1.2   Later life 
 
 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.2.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.2.2   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 1.2.3   Battle City 
 1.2.4   Virtual World 
 1.2.5   Grand Championship 
 1.2.6   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 1.3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 1.4   Altered timelines 
 
 1.4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 
 2   Non-canon appearances 
 
 2.1   Capsule Monsters 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Naming 
 5   Personality 
 6   Deck 
 
 6.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 6.2   Grand Championship 
 6.3   Capsule Monsters 
 6.4   Video games 
 
 6.4.1   The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 6.4.2   Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 6.4.3   World Championship 2004 
 6.4.4   The Dawn of Destiny 
 6.4.5   World Championship Tournament 2005 
 
 
 6.5   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 6.5.1   Decks 
 6.5.2   Deck Recipe 
 
 
 
 
 7   Duels 
 8   Trivia 
 9   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Valley of the Kings expedition 
         Solomon Muto, while traveling Egypt     
 Solomon visited the Valley of the Kings in hopes of finding  the Pharaoh 's tomb. He hired two guides,  Ahmet  and  Mushara  to help him locate and navigate the tomb. The tomb was riddled with traps, which Solomon was able to discover. In one such trap, you had to walk with your left foot forward, as a sign of respect to the statues of the Pharaoh. Mushara failed to do so, and was attacked by the statues, and fell to his death. In the final room, Ahmet fell victim to a trap and was devoured by a monster. Solomon nearly fell victim as well, but was saved by the spirit of  Pharaoh Atem . It was at the end of this room that he discovered the  Millennium Puzzle .
 
 Later life 
 At some point in time, he lost a game and, as he promised himself, traded in his suit for overalls and began collecting games for years. Eventually, he opened up a game shop (the  Kame Game ) instead of continuing with his gambling days.
 He eventually had a son, who would eventually have his own son Yugi with  Mrs. Muto .
 Solomon had ventured to an expedition with a fellow gamer friend; Arthur Hawkins to Egypt, there they learned in an old catacomb that the Duel Monsters game was originally based on the  Shadow Games  ancient Egyptians played. The two were eventually caved in with no way out, to pass the time Arthur purposed they play Duel Monsters for the remaining water they had. As the duel went on, Solomon had a sure victory but chose to surrender so his friend could have the last drink. Luckily, they were found just in time before either could die of thirst, Arthur then gave Solomon a rare "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card which he had treasured it since then.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Kaiba wants the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and decides to challenge Grandpa to a Duel. Grandpa loses, and his card is torn, because Kaiba has the other three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and unable to have a fourth copy, in his Deck, the card could only be used against him. Grandpa is sent to the hospital as Yugi Duels Kaiba. His soul is later sealed inside a card by Pegasus and freed after Yugi defeats Pegasus. Grandpa, Yugi, Tea, Joey, and Tristan later come across  Rebecca Hawkins , who accuses Solomon of stealing her grandfather's Blue Eyes White Dragon card. Grandpa denies it, but Rebecca pays no attention. She challenges him to a Duel but ends up facing Yugi instead. Grandpa tries to convince her about what he said and tells her the tale of how he met Arthur Hawkins. She calls Solomon a liar, much to his frustration. When the Duel ended, Arthur reunites with Solomon. Rebecca finally believes Solomon's story and apologizes to Yugi, and he decides to face Arthur in a Duel.
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Grandpa doesn't play a very significant role in this arc. He is seen watching Yami Yugi play against Duke Devlin in a game of Dungeon Dice Monsters on a screen in front of the building in which the two are playing. He frequently gets distracted by Duke's cheerleaders, who sometimes appears on the screen.
 
 Battle City 
 When the Battle City tournament started, Solomon was eager to see the event. He was present for  Joey Wheeler 's three Duels against  Espa Roba ,  Weevil Underwood , and  Mako Tsunami , along with  Téa Gardner  and  Tristan Taylor , offering support and advice for Joey. When  Bakura  was found injured, Solomon took him to the hospital. Grandpa got knocked out by  Yami Bakura  later on when he was checking on Bakura.
 
 Virtual World 
 Grandpa briefly appears in a flashback where he meets with Téa on a bench.
 
 Grand Championship 
         Solomon as "Apdnarg Otum" (Mask the Rock).     
 Grandpa competes in Kaiba's  KaibaCorp Grand Prix  tournament under the alias " Apdnarg Otum "/"  Grandpa Muto (Backwards) " (" Mask the Rock " in the Japanese version), yet Joey manages to defeat him. The English name is "Grandpa Muto" backwards. The Japanese name is a pun of " Mask the Roku ". Roku is six in Japanese, and "Sugoroku" means "double-six". The Deck used is an  Ancient-themed  Deck with consisting mostly of  Rock  monsters.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 The season begins with Solomon telling Yugi how he found the Millennium Puzzle. During this time in his youth, he was a gambler searching for even greater trials in order to test his luck.
 However, he did decide to have a penalty for losing even a single game: he would turn in his gambling suit and wearing overalls instead with the intention of collecting years instead of chips. He found the Millennium Puzzle in Atem's tomb and was spared from the traps, thanks to his analytical skills helping him overcome the man-made traps and his pure heart sparing him from being eaten by ka.
 He later was picked up from the airport in Egypt and was present for the Ceremonial Battle between Yugi and Yami Yugi.
 Solomon and the others later escape from the collapsing building where Yugi and the Pharaoh Dueled.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
         In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX .     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , he appeared at the end of Season 1. When  Kagemaru  Summoned all three of the  Sacred Beasts , and they were shown draining energy from cards around the world, two children were shown crying in his  card shop  as the monster card images were drained away. He was shown walking up to see the cause of the commotion. At that time his face was not shown, only his overall. [3] 
 Later, in Season 2,  Duel Academy  students went on a field trip to Domino City. He was visited by  Jaden Yuki  and his friends who wanted to see Yugi. He answered them  Yugi  had been upset, and that card pictures had been faded away recently, referring to the Sacred Beast accident. When  Hassleberry  told him that Jaden sorted out that mess, he decided to guide them through the city in return. As they left him behind, he was kidnapped by  Thunder  and  Frost . Jaden and his friends spread out in order to find him. While Hassleberry and  Syrus  were lured and ended up Dueling his kidnappers, [4]  Jaden found him unconscious in a blind alley. Alongside  Aster , they went to the place where the Duel was held, but came too late. [5]  Later that night, Solomon gave Jaden,  Atticus Rhodes , and the  Slifers  hamburgers in the bag for one of each. He also watched Jaden's Duel with  T-Bone . [6]  Then he led Jaden and his remaining companions to  Kaiba Land , where the latter Dueled  Sarina  with Aster. [7]  After the Duel, he promised Jaden to speak with  Seto Kaiba  in order to restore Sarina's consciousness, who was left stuck in the virtual reality. [8]  Solomon's hair is now pointy on the top similar to the way it was shown in the  Capsule Monsters . In the English dub, he is portrayed as senile.
 Although he wasn't shown when Jaden traveled back through time to Duel the younger Yugi, Yugi said goodbye to Solomon while heading to school. [9] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In the unaltered events of Bonds Beyond Time, Solomon had accompanied Yugi to a tournament held by Pegasus at Domino Plaza. A photo of an old article showed Solomon behind his grandson who had won holding a trophy while shaking hands with Pegasus.
 
 Altered timelines 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
         Solomon and  Yugi .     
 In this movie, during  Paradox 's plot to kill Pegasus, Solomon gets in the way and is killed along with Pegasus and some other citizens leaving Yugi as the sole survivor. Yugi then finds his bandana and cries over his death. The Crimson Dragon however takes Yugi back 30 minutes before Paradox's attack. Thanks to  Yami Yugi ,  Jaden Yuki , and  Yusei Fudo  defeating Paradox, Solomon's death had been prevented (therefore, he hadn't died at all.)
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 Capsule Monsters 
         Solomon and  Alex Brisbane     
 Solomon goes with  Alex Brisbane  to find the pyramid of  Alexander the Great . However, when they split up, Solomon finds  Shadi 's Capsule Monster game board and accidentally gets sucked into it. During his time there, Solomon found a Summoned Skull and used it as his primary monster. Upon the arrival of Yugi and his friends, Solomon helped them through the five trials to test if the Pharaoh was a true king by translating the messages they received on how to accomplish them. However, he lost Summoned Skull during the trial preliminaries, but soon received Alexander the Great's Curse of Dragon as a replacement monster. After being victorious in the trials, Solomon allowed the good half of Alexander to use him as a vessel to return to the real world. However, Alexander's dark half had possessed Brisbane and trapped everyone in the room where the power to rule the world was held. However, after a final battle to decide which ruler deserved the power, Solomon was returned to the real world once again and fled the pyramid with everyone else when it collapsed after its purpose had been fulfilled. He then talked the pilots of Joey's vacation plane into taking him and Brisbane back to Domino.
 
 
 Other appearances 
 Sugoroku Mutou (manga) Sugoroku Mutou (Toei) Trusdale ( Eternal Duelist Soul ) Trusdale ( Duel Monsters  and  World Championship ) Grandpa ( Dungeon Dice Monsters ) Solomon Muto ( Millennium Duels ) Solomon Muto ( Tag Force ) 
 Naming 
 In the English manga, Sugoroku's family name is usually spelled Mutou but is sometimes rendered as Mutoh. His family name is rendered Mutou in the uncut anime DVDs. 
 In the English anime his name is Solomon Muto. All of the versions of the dubbed anime of Indo-European languages use Solomon Muto. 
 The Spanish, French, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, and Italian versions of the manga use Sugoroku Muto. 
 The German version of the manga uses Sugoroku Mutô. 
 The Brazilian Portuguese version of the manga uses Solomon Muto. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul  and its two successors, Sugoroku is known as  Trusdale . In other video games and by most people in the anime and manga he is simply called "Grandpa". 
 In the ani-manga version of the movie he is Sugoroku Muto. In the English  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses  video game, he is Jasper Dice Tudor. 
 Personality 
 Solomon Muto is Yugi's grandfather and with his father's absence, he is Yugi's ultimate provider. He  is smart, kind-hearted, funny, silly, loving, resourceful, gentle, and, of course, grandfatherly. He is, however, attracted to beautiful women, such as  Vivian Wong , which did get him in some trouble with the gang when he agreed to help her after she fixed his back. He is the one who taught  Yugi  and  Joey  how to Duel. He is a strong believer of the Heart of the Cards, having taught both Yugi and Joey that concept, which both follow proudly. When he taught Joey, he was strict, giving all sorts of lessons and usually being tough on him, but still encouraging him on how much he has grown, and is proud of him. Chances are he was the same way with Yugi when he taught him. Solomon loves games of all sorts, which may be because of his former gambling nature, and is even willing to go to dangerous places, such as during the non-canon Capsule Monsters adventure, to see and experience new games first-hand.
 
 Deck 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Main article:  Yugi Muto's Decks § Duelist Kingdom 
 Yugi's  Duelist Kingdom  Deck was once Solomon's, passed on to Yugi. In the manga, he uses one card that Yugi does not later use, " Hobbit ".
 The only card that Solomon didn't give to Yugi was " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". This card was destroyed by  Seto Kaiba . However, this card was later taped back together, as seen when he showed Rebbeca her grandfather‘s old card, and was then seen completely restored later in the episode. Sometime afterwards, Solomon puts the restored card on display in his card shop for all to see as stated by Syrus (in the English Dub).
 
 Grand Championship 
 During his participation in the  Grand Championship , Solomon uses an  " Ancient " Deck  based around the " Ancient Dragon ", which can be revived whenever it is destroyed as long as he has " Ancient City " in play. However, the card is very difficult to play, requiring a set of six other cards and several turns to set up. According to  Arthur Hawkins , the Grand Championship was the first time Solomon was able to call the " Ancient Dragon ", and in the dub is implied to be the only person Arthur knows to have ever done it. Besides his "Ancient" cards, Solomon tests  Joey's  reliance on luck with " The Legendary Gambler " and " Ordeal of a Traveler ".
 
 
 Grand Championship Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Dragon 
 Ancient Giant 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Stone Giant  x2 
 Wandering Mummy Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Ancient City 
 Ancient Gate 
 Ancient Key 
 Ancient Tome 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Mirage of Nightmare 
 Traps 
 Non Aggression Area 
 Ordeal of a Traveler 
 The Legendary Gambler 
 Capsule Monsters 
 In Capsule Monsters he uses some of the capsules that were cards in his old Deck he gave to  Yugi .
 
 
 Capsule Monsters Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Summoned Skull 
 Video games 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Gemini Elf  x3 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Mystical Elf  x3 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Summoned Skull 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Eye 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Penguin Soldier  x3 
 Sangan  x2 
 Witch of the Black Forest  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 Giant Trunade  x2 
 Graceful Charity  x2 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Greed 
 Raigeki 
 Snatch Steal 
 Swords of Revealing Light  x2 
 Traps 
 Anti Raigeki 
 Imperial Order 
 Magic Jammer 
 Mirror Force 
 Spellbinding Circle  x2 
 White Hole 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 
 Deck (Incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Prisman 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Jar 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Man-Eater Bug 
 Morphing Jar #2 
 Sinister Serpent Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 Dark Hole 
 Monster Reborn 
 Premature Burial  x2 
 Raigeki 
 Snatch Steal 
 Swords of Revealing Light  x2 
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Trap Hole  x3 
 World Championship 2004 
 Solomon is the first opponent available to the player who uses an  Exodia  Deck (the other opponents are  Rare Hunter  and  Simon  whose Exodia Decks are much more potent). However, since he is a tier one Duelist, his cards are very weak, and he doesn't have many cards that enable him to draw, presenting himself with a very difficult challenge of acquiring all five Exodia cards in his hand. Still, he uses 1 copy of  Blue-Eyes White Dragon , although he makes a habit of Tributing even this card to summon his  Giant Turtle Who Feeds on Flames .
 
 
 Exodia Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Prisoner 
 Genin 
 Giant Turtle Who Feeds on Flames 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Lucky Trinket 
 Monster Egg 
 Petit Angel 
 Phantom Ghost 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Mystic Tomato  x2 
 Penguin Soldier 
 Sangan 
 Witch of the Black Forest Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 Dark Hole 
 Graceful Charity 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Raigeki 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Upstart Goblin 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Jar of Greed  x3 
 Mirror Force 
 Negate Attack  x2 
 Torrential Tribute  x2 
 Trap Hole  x3 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Akakieisu 
 Ancient Sorcerer 
 Aqua Madoor 
 The Bewitching Phantom Thief 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Boo Koo 
 Celtic Guardian  x2 
 Djinn the Watcher of the Wind 
 Flame Manipulator 
 Genin 
 Hurricail 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Lucky Trinket 
 Nemuriko 
 Neo the Magic Swordsman 
 Phantom Dewan 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Sorcerer of the Doomed  x2 
 Tao the Chanter 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Penguin Soldier  x2 
 Sangan 
 White Magical Hat Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 Graceful Charity 
 Monster Reborn 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier  x2 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Jar of Greed  x2 
 Magic Jammer  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Negate Attack 
 Torrential Tribute  x2 
 Trap Hole  x2 
 World Championship Tournament 2005 
 Solomon uses different but similar Exodia Decks at random, similar to the one he used in WCT2004.
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Decks 
 
 Casket Guardian Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Firewing Pegasus 
 Horn Imp  x3 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Rock Ogre Grotto #1  x2 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Snake Hair  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Pyramid Turtle  x2 
 Sinister Serpent Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Dark Room of Nightmare  x2 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Poison of the Old Man  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 Dark Coffin  x2 
 Non Aggression Area  x2 
 Ordeal of a Traveler  x2 
 Tutan Mask 
 
 Ancient Pharaoh (Version 1) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Firewing Pegasus 
 Horn Imp  x3 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Snake Hair  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Pyramid Turtle  x3 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Swarm of Scarabs  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Dark Room of Nightmare  x2 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Poison of the Old Man  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 Dark Coffin  x2 
 Non Aggression Area  x2 
 Ordeal of a Traveler  x2 
 Tutan Mask 
 
 Ancient Pharaoh (Version 2) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Sengenjin 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Snake Hair  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Night Assailant  x2 
 Pyramid Turtle  x3 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Swarm of Scarabs  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Dark Room of Nightmare  x2 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Graceful Charity 
 Monster Reborn 
 Ookazi 
 Poison of the Old Man  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 Dark Coffin  x2 
 Non Aggression Area  x2 
 Ordeal of a Traveler  x2 
 Deck Recipe 
 
 Apnarg Tactics Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Firewing Pegasus 
 Horn Imp  x3 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Skull Servant  x3 
 The Snake Hair  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Guardian Sphinx  x2 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Pyramid Turtle  x3 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Swarm of Scarabs  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Call of the Mummy  x2 
 Dark Room of Nightmare  x2 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Poison of the Old Man  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 Dark Coffin  x2 
 Non Aggression Area  x2 
 Ordeal of a Traveler  x2 
 Tutan Mask 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Arthur Hawkins 
 42 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 1 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 187 - 188 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Prior to him settling down in his game store, Grandpa was a world class gambler and sported a hairstyle similar to Yugi's (although with a fedora). After acing every game of chance he ever competed in, he made a bet with himself. If he should ever lose a game, he'd retire, open a store and wear overalls for the rest of his life. That said, it would appear he eventually lost a game. 
 The man displayed on Solomon's " Legendary Gambler " is himself as a young man, meaning that Solomon is playing a card that refers to himself as a legendary gambler. 
 In the English version of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, Grandpa has a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in his shop despite the fact that Seto Kaiba ripped his only "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in the first episode of the second series anime. However, this is not a mistake, as that same card was shown taped back together following Yugi's Duel with  Rebecca  in  episode 42 , and was also later seen restored at the end of the episode. 
 A running gag in the series' dub is Solomon muttering "not again" when he is attacked before he faints. He mutters this line when attacked by  Yami Bakura , and in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  when he is attacked by  Thunder . 
 Because Maddie Blaustein died in December 2008, Wayne Grayson replaces her in the role of Solomon in Yu-Gi-Oh! 3-D Bonds Beyond Time! (Grayson also portrays Lyman Banner in the same movie). 
 When "Apdnarg" is introduced in season 5 Yugi says "Don't we know him". Yugi also knows who he is before "Apdnarg" gets unmasked. 
 Grandpa Muto might have a Ph.D, as one of the guides who led him to the Pharaoh's Tomb referred to him as "Dr. Muto" at one point. 
 Solomon is the last Duelist to be defeated by  Joey Wheeler  in a Duel. 
 In the English dub of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light , it is revealed Solomon has a pacemaker. ("This thing's putting out energy waves that are making my pacemaker go haywire!") 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth : Sugoroku Mutou's profile  (Japanese) 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   "Character" . 4K Media Inc.. July 7, 2015 .  http://www.yugioh.com/characters/solomon-muto . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 49: " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 75: " Taken by Storm, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 76: " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 77: " J-Dawg and T-Bone " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 78: " Mirror, Mirror, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 79: " Mirror, Mirror, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 179: " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " 
 
 
 v e 
 Solomon "Grandpa" Muto (Sugoroku Mutou, Trusdale)  pages 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Destiny Board Traveler 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Tag Force 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  characters Main 
 Paradox 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) 
 Pharaoh 
 Yubel 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua, Rua) 
 Luna (Luca, Ruka) 
 JumBANG! 
 Akina Minami 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 Yoshiyuki Hirai 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Solomon_Muto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160722100044', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Vlcsnap-2011-05-26-10h40m37s63.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/175?cb=20110526144211', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/MasktheRock.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080428225545', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Solomon_in_GX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110711221254', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Solomon_and_Yugi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/175?cb=20110711221349', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Solomon_and_Alex_Brisbane.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120520035446', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Sugoroku_-_school_arc.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/164?cb=20160522190122', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Solomon_1st_Series.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120520031138', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/Trusdale-EDS.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190507210556', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/Trusdale-WC4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140731193431', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Grandpa-DDM.png/revision/latest?cb=20140615231010', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/SolomonMutoMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20190602122922', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Solomon-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/181?cb=20150622143107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Solomon Muto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters