Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Judge_of_the_Ice_Barrier


 
 
 Judge of the Ice Barrier 氷 結 界 の 浄 玻 璃 
 
 English 
Judge of the Ice Barrier 
 French 
 Juge de la Barrière de Glace Check translation 
 German 
 Richterin der Eisbarriere Check translation 
 Italian 
 Giudice della Barriera di Ghiaccio Check translation 
 Korean 
 빙결계의 정파리 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Juíza da Barreira de Gelo Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Jueza de la Barrera de Hielo Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ひょうけっかいのじょうはり Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 氷結界の浄玻璃 Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Hyōkekkai no Jōuhari 
 Japanese (translated) 
Mirror Judge of the Ice Barrier 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 WATER   
 Types 
 Warrior  /  Effect 
 Level 
 4   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 1800  /  900 
 Passcode 
 53535814 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Continuous 
 Condition 
 Ignition 
 Ignition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
While you  control  another " Ice Barrier "  monster , each time your opponent  activates  a card or  effect  by  paying   LP , they lose 500 LP. You can only use each of the following  effects  of "Judge of the Ice Barrier"  once per turn . You can  target  1 or 2 "Ice Barrier" monsters in your  GY  and 1 or 2 cards in your opponent's GY;  shuffle  them into the  Deck . If you control an "Ice Barrier" monster: You can  banish  this card from your GY, then target 1  Attack Position  monster on the field; change it to  Defense Position . 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Tant que vous contrôlez un autre monstre "Barrière de Glace", chaque fois que votre adversaire active une carte ou un effet en payant des LP, il perd 500 LP. Vous ne pouvez utiliser chacun des effets suivants de "Juge de la Barrière de Glace" qu'une fois par tour. Vous pouvez cibler 1 ou 2 monstres "Barrière de Glace" dans votre Cimetière, et 1 ou 2 cartes dans le Cimetière de votre adversaire ; mélangez-les dans le Deck. Si vous contrôlez un monstre "Barrière de Glace" : vous pouvez bannir cette carte depuis votre Cimetière, puis ciblez 1 monstre en Position d'Attaque sur le Terrain ; changez-le en Position de Défense. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Solange du ein anderes „Eisbarriere“-Monster kontrollierst, verliert dein Gegner jedes Mal, wenn er eine Karte oder einen Effekt aktiviert, indem er LP zahlt, 500 LP. Du kannst jeden der folgenden Effekte von „Richterin der Eisbarriere“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. Du kannst 1 oder 2 „Eisbarriere“-Monster in deinem Friedhof und 1 oder 2 Karten im Friedhof deines Gegners wählen; mische sie ins Deck. Falls du ein „Eisbarriere“-Monster kontrollierst: Du kannst diese Karte von deinem Friedhof verbannen und dann 1 Monster in Angriffsposition auf dem Spielfeld wählen; ändere es in die Verteidigungsposition. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Mentre controlli un altro mostro "Barriera di Ghiaccio", ogni volta che il tuo avversario attiva una carta o un effetto pagando LP, perde 500 LP. Puoi utilizzare ognuno dei seguenti effetti di "Giudice della Barriera di Ghiaccio" una sola volta per turno. Puoi scegliere come bersaglio 1 o 2 mostri "Barriera di Ghiaccio" nel tuo Cimitero e 1 o 2 carte nel Cimitero del tuo avversario; mischiali nel Deck. Se controlli un mostro "Barriera di Ghiaccio": puoi bandire questa carta dal tuo Cimitero, poi scegliere come bersaglio 1 mostro in Posizione di Attacco sul Terreno; mettilo in Posizione di Difesa. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Enquanto você controlar outro monstro "Barreira de Gelo", sempre que seu oponente ativar um card ou efeito ao pagar PV, ele perde 500 PV. Você só pode usar cada um dos seguintes efeitos de "Juíza da Barreira de Gelo" uma vez por turno. Você pode escolher 1 ou 2 monstros "Barreira de Gelo" no seu Cemitério e 1 ou 2 cards no Cemitério do seu oponente; embaralhe-os no Deck. Se você controlar um monstro "Barreira de Gelo": você pode banir este card do seu Cemitério e, depois, escolha 1 monstro em Posição de Ataque no campo; coloque-o em Posição de Defesa. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Mientras controles otro monstruo "Barrera de Hielo", cada vez que tu adversario active una carta o efecto pagando LP, pierde 500 LP. Sólo puedes usar cada uno de los siguientes efectos de "Jueza de la Barrera de Hielo" una vez por turno. Puedes seleccionar 1 o 2 monstruos "Barrera de Hielo" en tu Cementerio y 1 o 2 cartas en el Cementerio de tu adversario; barájalos al Deck. Si controlas un monstruo "Barrera de Hielo": puedes desterrar esta carta en tu Cementerio, y después seleccionar 1 monstruo en Posición de Ataque en el Campo; cámbialo a Posición de Defensa. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 このカード名の②③の効果はそれぞれ１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：自分フィールドに他の「氷結界」モンスターが存在する限り、相手が ＬＰ を払ってカードの効果を発動する度に相手は５００ ＬＰ を失う。②：自分の墓地の「氷結界」モンスター及び相手の墓地のカードをそれぞれ２枚まで対象として発動できる。そのカードを持ち主のデッキに戻す。③：自分フィールドに「氷結界」モンスターが存在する場合、墓地のこのカードを除外し、フィールドの攻撃表示モンスター１体を対象として発動できる。そのモンスターを守備表示にする。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 이 카드명의 ②③의 효과는 각각 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 자신 필드에 다른 "빙결계" 몬스터가 존재하는 한, 상대가 LP를 지불하고 카드의 효과를 발동할 때마다 상대는 500 LP를 상실한다. ②: 자신 묘지의 "빙결계" 몬스터 및 상대 묘지의 카드를 각각 2장까지 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 카드를 주인의 덱으로 되돌린다. ③: 자신 필드에 "빙결계" 몬스터가 존재할 경우, 묘지의 이 카드를 제외하고, 필드의 공격 표시 몬스터 1장을 대상으로 하여 발동할 수 있다. 그 몬스터를 수비 표시로 한다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-EN020 Lightning Overdrive Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-FR020 Lightning Overdrive Foudre Amplifiée Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-DE020 Lightning Overdrive Lightning Overdrive Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-IT020 Lightning Overdrive Iperattività Fulmine Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-PT020 Lightning Overdrive Exaustão Relâmpago Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2021-06-03 LIOV-SP020 Lightning Overdrive Furia de Relámpagos Common 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2021-01-16 LIOV-JP020 Lightning Overdrive ライトニング・オーバードライブ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2021-04-16 LIOV-KR020 Lightning Overdrive 라이트닝 오버드라이브 Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Ice Barrier 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Ice Barrier 
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Gishki 
 
 Actions  
 Returns from your Graveyard to your Deck 
 Returns from your opponent's Graveyard to your opponent's Deck 
 Activates from your Graveyard 
 Changes battle positions 
 
 Banished  categories  
 Banishes itself from Graveyard for cost 
 
 LP   
 Your opponent loses LP 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Requires control of specific archetype 
 Only once per turn 
 Female 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 15981 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Gishki " 「リチュア」 Members 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Merrowgeist Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Chain Gishki Diviner Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Mollusk Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror Ritual Buster Ritual Weapon Spiritual Forest 
 Support 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Aquamirror Focalization Aquamirror Illusion Aquamirror Meditation Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror 
 Related 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz El Shaddoll Apkallone Evilswarm Ketos Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Judge of the Ice Barrier Lavalval Chain Musto, Oracle of Gusto Naelshaddoll Ariel Revealer of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Steelswarm Hercules Vylon Tetra Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz 
 After the Storm Aquamirror Cycle Contact with the Aquamirror Creeping Darkness Nekroz Mirror Poisonous Winds Spell Wall 
 
   
" Ice Barrier " 「 氷 結 界 」 Members 
 Blizzed, Defender of the Ice Barrier Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier Dewdark of the Ice Barrier Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Raiho of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Geomancer of the Ice Barrier Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Token Judge of the Ice Barrier Medium of the Ice Barrier Numbing Grub in the Ice Barrier Pilgrim of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Royal Knight of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Samurai of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Zero Dragon of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Mirror of the Ice Barrier Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Support 
 Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Judge of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Terror of Trishula Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Related 
 Blizzard Warrior Evilswarm Bahamut Evilswarm Ophion Evilswarm Ouroboros Gishki Noellia Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Trishula Reese the Ice Mistress Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment 
 Battle of the Elements 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/JudgeoftheIceBarrier-LIOV-EN-C-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20210629112824', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918052107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards