Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Chazz_Princeton_(Duel_Links)


 
 Chazz Princeton 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 万丈目準 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Chazz Princeton Deck Ojama Power Ojama Power Plus Armed Dragon Armed Dragon Plus Cuz I'm the Chazz You Know the Cheer Chazz it up! 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Taiki Matsuno 
 
 
 
 Chazz Princeton  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Chazz Princeton , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 5 of Duel World (GX) and can be unlocked as a playable character starting at Stage 6 of Duel World (GX)
 Black  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Chazz Princeton at the  Gate .
 The  special event   Serious Chazz  has Chazz use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Unlock Missions 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Character 
 5.2   Opponent 
 
 5.2.1   Level 10 
 5.2.2   Level 20 
 5.2.3   Level 30 
 5.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.3   Chazz-a-Thon 
 
 5.3.1   Level 10 
 5.3.2   Level 20 
 5.3.3   Level 30 
 5.3.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.4    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 5.4.1   Neos Cup 
 
 
 5.5    Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event)  
 
 5.5.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 5.6   Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 
 5.6.1   First Duel 
 
 5.6.1.1   Level 20 
 5.6.1.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.6.2   Second Duel 
 
 5.6.2.1   Level 20 
 5.6.2.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.6.3   Third Duel 
 
 5.6.3.1   Level 20 
 5.6.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 7   Duel rewards 
 8   Skills 
 9   Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Character-specific 
 9.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 10   Unused Dialogue 
 11   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Formerly an elite Obelisk Blue student, consecutive defeats sent Chazz's reputation plummeting. But rising from the depths of despair, he's back to Chazz it up! He uses various types cards, from the quirky Ojama brothers to Armed Dragons and XYZ monsters.
 
 Biography 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Chibi (Obelisk Blue) Profile (Obelisk Blue) Summoning pose (Obelisk Blue) Defeat (Obelisk Blue) Profile (Society of Light) 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Achieve 1 Comback Victory(ies) in Duels against Chazz Princeton using Jaden Yuki
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Summon Thunder-type Monster(s) 3 times.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Use Trap Card(s) 5 times.
 
 20 R Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 30 LIGHT Jewels
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Chazz Princeton Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Plant  x3 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Flame Viper  x3 
 Ojama Black  x3 
 Ojama Green  x3 
 Ojama Yellow  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gemini Imps Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ojama King  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Ojama Power Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Plant  x2 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Flame Viper  x3 
 Ojama Black  x3 
 Ojama Green  x3 
 Ojama Yellow  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ojama Country  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Ojama Power Plus Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Black  x3 
 Ojama Green  x3 
 Ojama Yellow  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ojama Blue  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ojama Knight Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Enchanting Fitting Room 
 Ojama Country  x3 
 Ojama Delta Hurricane!! 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 The League of Uniform Nomenclature  x2 
 Treaty on Uniform Nomenclature 
 Level 30 
 
 Armed Dragon Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV5 
 Chaos Necromancer  x2 
 KA-2 Des Scissors  x3 
 Gyaku-Gire Panda 
 Masked Dragon  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage  x3 
 The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension 
 Traps 
 Give and Take  x3 
 Level 40 
 
 Armed Dragon Plus Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV5  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Flying Kamakiri #1  x3 
 Masked Dragon  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dragon's Gunfire 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Megamorph 
 Stamping Destruction 
 Traps 
 Chthonian Blast 
 Regretful Rebirth  x2 
 Chazz-a-Thon 
 Level 10 
 
 You Can't Beat Me Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness  x3 
 Dark Plant  x3 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Flame Viper  x3 
 Serpent Marauder  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage 
 Level 20 
 
 Cuz I'm the Chazz Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Gemini Imps  x3 
 Machina Peacekeeper  x2 
 Return Zombie  x2 
 Skull Knight #2  x3 
 W-Wing Catapult  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage  x2 
 Level Modulation 
 Ring of Defense 
 Level 30 
 
 You Know the Cheer Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 V-Tiger Jet  x2 
 X-Head Cannon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 KA-2 Des Scissors  x2 
 Machina Peacekeeper  x2 
 W-Wing Catapult  x2 
 Y-Dragon Head  x2 
 Z-Metal Tank  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 VW-Tiger Catapult 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 XY-Dragon Cannon 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 XZ-Tank Cannon Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Frontline Base  x2 
 Machina Armored Unit  x2 
 Reload 
 Traps 
 Roll Out! 
 Level 40 
 
 Chazz it up! Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV5  x2 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Armed Dragon LV10 
 Flying Kamakiri 1  x3 
 Masked Dragon  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Level Up!  x2 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Traps 
 Chthonian Blast 
 Give and Take  x2 
 The Grave of Enkindling 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Neos Cup 
 
 Mechanical Invasion Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 V-Tiger Jet  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Machina Peacekeeper  x3 
 Union monsters 
 W-Wing Catapult  x3 
 Y-Dragon Head  x3 
 Z-Metal Tank  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 VW-Tiger Catapult  x2 
 YZ-Tank Dragon  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frontline Base  x2 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
  Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event)  
 Special Cup 
 
 Armed Ojama Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ojama Blue  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x2 
 Armed Dragon LV5  x2 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Armed Dragon LV10 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Lightning Vortex  x3 
 Ojamatch  x3 
 Traps 
 Chthonian Blast  x2 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 First Duel 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Hidden Soldiers" (Chazz Princeton will start the duel with the Trap Card " Hidden Soldiers " set.)
 
 
 Inferno Carnage Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gate Deeg  x3 
 Monster Tamer 
 Shadow Specter  x3 
 Trial of Nightmare  x2 
 Yaranzo  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production  x2 
 Traps 
 Chthonian Polymer  x2 
 Dark Spirit Art - Greed  x2 
 Hidden Soldiers  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Absolute Incineration Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blackland Fire Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chthonian Soldier  x3 
 Infernal Incinerator 
 Mefist the Infernal General 
 Pandemonium Watchbear  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Chthonian Alliance  x2 
 Magical Mallet  x2 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Traps 
 Chthonian Blast  x2 
 The Grave of Enkindling  x2 
 Second Duel 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Double Union"
 
 
 Unions Combine! Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 V-Tiger Jet 
 X-Head Cannon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jade Knight  x2 
 Union monsters 
 W-Wing Catapult  x3 
 Y-Dragon Head  x3 
 Z-Metal Tank  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 VW-Tiger Catapult 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Combination Attack  x3 
 Traps 
 Formation Union  x3 
 Union Scramble  x2 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "VW Combine!" (Chazz Princeton will Special Summon a "VW or XYZ" Fusion Monster on the field ignoring its summoning condition at the fifth turn.)
 
 
 VWXYZ or Bust Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 V-Tiger Jet  x3 
 X-Head Cannon  x3 
 Union monsters 
 B-Buster Drake  x2 
 Y-Dragon Head  x2 
 Z-Metal Tank  x2 
 W-Wing Catapult  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 VW-Tiger Catapult 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Frontline Base 
 Painful Decision  x3 
 Traps 
 Roll Out!  x2 
 Third Duel 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Dueling Arena: Mountain" (Chazz Princeton will start the Duel with the Field Spell " Mountain ".)
 
 
 Armed Dragon Rampage Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Disc Fighter 
 Gyaku-Gire Panda 
 KA-2 Des Scissors  x2 
 Troop Dragon  x3 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Armed Changer  x2 
 Chaos End 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 Magical Mallet 
 Ring of Defense 
 Stamping Destruction 
 The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension 
 The Grave of Enkindling 
 Traps 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Armed Dragon" (Chazz Princeton will Special Summon " Armed Dragon LV3 " on the field ignoring its summoning condition at the fifth turn.)
 
 
 Armed Banisher Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x3 
 Armed Dragon LV5  x2 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Armed Dragon LV10 
 Masked Dragon  x3 
 Troop Dragon  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Magical Mallet 
 Stamping Destruction  x2 
 The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension 
 Traps 
 Dragon's Rage  x2 
 The Grave of Enkindling 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Chazz Princeton reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Armed Dragon LV3 "
 
 
 4
 
 Land of the Ojamas ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Chazz Princeton)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Despair from the Dark "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Chazz Princeton)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Ojama Country "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Enchanting Fitting Room "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ojama Blue "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Ojama Country "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Ojamuscle "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Ojama Go! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Armed Dragon LV5 "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Enchanting Fitting Room "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " The Grave of Enkindling "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Chazz Princeton)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Ojama Delta Hurricane!! "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Spirit of the Breeze "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Ojama Knight "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Armed Dragon LV7 "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Chazz Princeton)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Ojamassimilation "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Chazz Princeton, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Ojama King "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Despair from the Dark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV5 "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ojama Blue "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ojama Delta Hurricane! "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ojama Knight "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Gemini Imps "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Reborn Zombie "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV3 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Chthonian Polymer "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Over Capacity "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Serious Chazz, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV10 "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Despair from the Dark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV5 "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Lancer Lindwurm "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV7 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Gemini Imps "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV3 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Chthonian Polymer "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Infernal Incinerator "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Land of the Ojamas
 
 Begin Duel with the  Field Spell  " Ojama Country " activated.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Ojama Go!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Special Summon " Ojama Token " on your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Ojama Overflow
 
 This Skill can be used from your 5th turn onwards, when you have 500 Life Points or less. Play as many copies of " Ojama Token " as you can on your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dragonic Fusion
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 “ Dragon's Mirror ” to your Deck. Then, add “ Five-Headed Dragon ” to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. Can be used if your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add “Dragon's Mirror" to your hand from your Deck. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Chazz announces "Let's Duel, Jaden! There's no way a Slifer slacker will defeat me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Chazz says "You're a lot dumber than I thought, and that's saying a lot!" followed by "You got Chazzed!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Chazz says "Argh! Why can't I defeat this slacker?!?" 
 Aster Phoenix 
 When starting a Duel with  Aster Phoenix , Chazz announces "Aster? More like "laster"! You stand no chance against the Chazz!"
 When he wins the Duel, Chazz says "The Chazz doesn't know the meaning of defeat!" followed by "But you sure do, Laster Phoenix!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Chazz says "Grr... The Chazz is no loser!" 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , Chazz announces "Alexis, my Alexis...You don't realize you love me yet." followed by "But when I defeat you in a duel, you will!"
 When he wins the Duel, Chazz says "Alexis, now that we're a couple..." followed by "We can...hold hands! *Blush*" 
 When he loses the Duel, Chazz says "My skill's broken... My hearts broken too... Sigh..." 
 Bastion Misawa 
 When starting a Duel with  Bastion Misawa , Chazz announces "You have six different Decks to beat me with? Lies!" followed by "There are zero Decks that can defeat me!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV7 ", a cut-in frame of Chazz briefly appears, and he announces "Join me in welcoming Armed Dragon LV7!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Armed Dragon LV7" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Armed Dragon LV7" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Armed Dragon LV7!" followed by "Dragon Talon Terror!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Armed Dragon LV7, activate your effect!" followed by "Serrated Sonic Discs!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama King ", a cut-in frame of Chazz breifly appears, and he announces "Go Ojamas! Fuse and form Ojama King!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Ojama King" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ojama King" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Ojama King!" followed by "Flying Belly Flop Drop!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ojama King's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV10 ", a cut-in frame of Chazz briefly appears, and he announces "Hahaha! Here comes my all-powerful Armed Dragon LV10!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Armed Dragon LV10!" followed by "Static Orb Thrust!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Armed Dragon LV10's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Chazz briefly appears, and he announces "Behold! VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Feel my full wrath! Go, VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon! (spoken as Go, VWXYZ) Ultimate Destruction!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon's effect activates! (spoken as VWXYZ's effect activates) Ultimate Destruction!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV5 ", a cut-in frame of Chazz's face will briefly appears, and he announces, "Come out, Armed Dragon LV5!" (spoken as "Come on out, Armed Dragon LV5!")
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Armed Dragon LV5!" followed by "Inferno Roar!" 
 When Chazz activates an effect of that monster, he announces "Armed Dragon LV5's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Knight ", a cut-in frame of Chazz's face appears and he announces "Merge to form..." followed by "Ojama Knight! At your service!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Show 'em your stuff, Ojama Knight!" 
 When Chazz activates an effect of that monster, he announces "Ojama Knight, activate your effect!" followed by "Bring your grandparents for a visit"" 
 When Chazz Summons " VW-Tiger Catapult ", a cut-in frame of Chazz's face will appear and he announces "Start your engines and merge! VW-Tiger Catapult!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "VW-Tiger Catapult attacks!" followed by "Heatseeker Blitz!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he says "VW-Catapult! Activate your effect!" 
 When Chazz Summons " XYZ-Dragon Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Chazz's face breifly appears and he announces "I combine X, Y, and Z into XYZ-Dragon Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, XYZ Dragon Cannon! Cannon Firestorm!" 
 When Chazz activates the defect of that monster, he says, "XYZ - Dragon Cannon’s effect activates! Hyper Destruction!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV3 ", he announces "Come out, Armed Dragon LV3!" (spoken as "Come on out, Armed Dragon LV3!")
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Armed Dragon LV3 activates its effect!" followed by "I Special Summon Armed Dragon LV5!" 
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Armed Dragon LV3!" followed by "Armed Smash!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Chthonian Soldier ", he announces "Rise! Chthonian Soldier!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chthonian Soldier attacks!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chthonian Solider's effect now activates! You also take the damage I took!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Dark End Dragon " he announces "Emerge from the depths of the darkness!" followed by "Dark End Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark End Dragon attacks!" followed by "Dark Fog!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dark End Dragon's effect!" followed by "Dark Evaporation!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Dragonic Knight " he announces "Check this out, Dragonic Knight!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Dragonic Knight!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragonic Knight, activate your effect!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Genesis Dragon " he announces "Descend, Genesis Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Genesis Dragon!" followed by "Carnage Fireball!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Genesis Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Golem Dragon " he announces "Come on, Golem Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Golem Dragon!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Infernal Incinerator " he announces "Come on out, Infernal Incinerator!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Set 'em on fire, Infernal Incinerator!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Lancer Lindwurm ", he announces "C'mon, Lancer Lindwurm!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, Chazz announces "Lancer Lindwurm attacks!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Light End Dragon " he announces "Shine your light in the darkness!" followed by "Light End Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Light End Dragon attacks!" followed by "Shinning Sublimation!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Light End Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Light Expansion!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Masked Dragon ", he announces "Rise, Masked Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, Chazz announces "Swoop and attack, Masked Dragon!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Masked Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Mefist the Infernal General " he announces "Here comes Mefist the Infernal General!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mefist the Infernal General attacks!" followed by "Mefist the Infernal General, show 'em what you can do!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Metaphys Armed Dragon " he announces "Check out it's ultimate evolution!" followed by "Metaphys Armed Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Metaphys Armed Dragon attacks!" followed by "Metaphys Armed Punisher!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Black ", he announces "Here's Ojama Black!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack already, Ojama Black!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Blue ", he announces "Here's Ojama Blue!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, Chazz announces "Will you attack, Ojama Blue?" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ojama Blue's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Green ", he announces "Here's Ojama Green!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Make yourself useful, Ojama Green!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Yellow ", he says "Here's Ojama Yellow!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ojama Yellow, attack!" followed by "Because you're the ace in my Deck. No foolin'!". 
 When Chazz Summons " V-Tiger Jet ", he announces "Fly in, V-Tiger Jet!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "V-Tiger Jet! Sharpen your claws and attack!" 
 When Chazz Summons " W-Wing Catapult ", he announces "Feast your eyes on W-Wing Catapult!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, W-Wing Catapult!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "W-Wing Catapult's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " X-Head Cannon ", he announces "Here comes X-Head Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em, X-Head Cannon!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Y-Dragon Head ", he announces "Y-Dragon Head is ready to rock!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head, attack!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Z-Metal Tank ", he announces "Rumble in, Z-Metal Tank!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank! Crush 'em!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank activates it's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Chazz activates " A Feather of the Phoenix ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, A Feather of the Phoenix!" 
 When Chazz activates " Armed Changer ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Armed Changer!" 
 When Chazz activates " Chaos End ", he says "I activate my Spell Card, Chaos End!" 
 When Chazz activates " Chthonian Alliance ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Chthonian Alliance!" 
 When Chazz activates " Chthonian Blast ", he announces "My Trap activates! Chthonian Blast!" 
 When Chazz activates " Chthonian Polymer ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Chthonian Polymer!" 
 When Chazz activates " Dark Mambele ", he says "Taste the darkness. I activate the Spell Card, Dark Mambele!" 
 When Chazz activates " Dragonic Tactics ", he says "I activate my Spell Card, Dragonic Tactics!" 
 When Chazz activates " Enchanting Fitting Room ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Enchanting Fitting Room!" 
 When Chazz activates " Frontline Base " or its effect, he announces "My Continuous Spell activates! Frontline Base!" 
 When Chazz activates " Inferno Tempest ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Inferno Tempest!" followed by "You think you know my strategies? Then I'll banish 'em!" 
 When Chazz activates " Level Down!? ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Level Down!?" 
 When Chazz activates " Level Modulation ", he announces" I activate my Spell Card, Level Modulation!" 
 When Chazz activates " Level Up! ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Level Up!!" 
 When Chazz activates " Lightning Vortex ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Lightning Vortex!" 
 When Chazz activates " Magical Mallet ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Magical Mallet!" 
 When Chazz activates " Megamorph ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Megamorph!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojama Country " or its effect, he announces "This will make my weaklings just a bit more useful...maybe." followed by "I activate the Field Spell, Ojama Country!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojama Delta Hurricane!! ", he announces "Good bros support each other, even if they're the weakest of the weak!" followed by "Put your puny powers to use! Ojama Delta Hurricane!!!!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojamandala " he announces "The Spell Card, Ojamandala!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojamuscle ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Ojamuscle!" followed by "You've served your purpose, Ojamas! Bye bye!" 
 When Chazz activates " Pride Shout ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Pride Shout!"  followed by "When a Monster with 0 Attack attacks directly, you take damage equal to it's Defense!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ring of Defense ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Ring of Defense!" 
 When Chazz activates " The Grave of Enkindling ", he announces "I activate my Trap, The Grave of Enkindling!" 
 When Chazz activates " The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension!" 
 When Chazz activates " Thunder Crash ", he says "I activate my Spell Card. Thanks for the help so far. But your time's up! Thunder Crash!". 
 When Chazz activates " Treasure Map ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Treasure Map!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Chazz Summons " Dark Armed Dragon " he announces "Darker than the shadows, here's Dark Armed Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Dark Armed Dragon!" followed by "Dark Armed Punisher!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dark Armed Dragon's effect!" followed by "Dark Membele!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Light and Darkness Dragon " he announces "Will you fight alongside me again? Light and Darkness Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Light and Darkness Dragon!" followed by "Shinning Breath!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Light and Darkness Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Chazz Summons " Ojama Red " he announces "Here's Ojama Red!"
 Most of the time when Chazz declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hurry up and attack Ojama Red!" 
 When Chazz activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ojama Red's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Chazz activates " Damage Condenser " he announces "My Trap activates, Damage Condenser!" 
 When Chazz activates " Final Attack Orders ", he announces "My Continuous Trap activate, Final Attack Orders!" 
 When Chazz activates " Inferno Reckless Summon ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Inferno Reckless Summon!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojamagic ", he announces "Luck is still on my side!" followed by "The Spell Card, Ojamagic!" 
 When Chazz activates " Ojama Trio ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Ojama Trio!" followed by "I Special Summon 3 Ojama Tokens on your field!" 
 When Chazz activates " Return from the Different Dimension ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Return from the Different Dimension!" followed by "Come back, my Monsters!" 
 Trivia 
 Chazz's dialogue for when he declares an attack with " Ojama Yellow ", "Because you're the ace in my Deck. No foolin'!", is a reference to  episode 166  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, in which Chazz states the same thing after "Ojama Yellow" attacks. 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo,  Luna , Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone, and  Tori Meadows  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Chazz Princeton  (Jun Manjome) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/ChazzPrinceton-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/296?cb=20170929195401', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/Profile-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306181436', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Icon-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164507', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Icon-DULI-ChazzPrinceton2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301172032', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Chibi-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132302', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/CutIn-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314155536', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Summoning-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172558', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Defeat-DULI-ChazzPrinceton.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307143116', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Chibi-DULI-ObeliskChazz.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132737', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/Profile-DULI-ObeliskChazz.png/revision/latest?cb=20190123152811', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Summoning-DULI-ObeliskChazz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190123152533', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Defeat-DULI-ObeliskChazz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190123154236', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Profile-DULI-SocietyChazz.png/revision/latest?cb=20190515011129', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Chazz Princeton pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters