Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Rio_Kastle_(Duel_Links)


 
 Rio Kastle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Rio Kastle 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 
 Rio Kastle  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Rio Kastle , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. She appeared as a Roaming Duelist on May 17th, 2022, during her event "Rio Kastle is here!". She officially became an unlockable character on July 29th, 2022, in her own dedicated event "Raging Sibling Squabble! Rio Appears".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Level 60 
 3.7   Special Event 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuma and Astral 
 7.1.2   Reginald Kastle 
 7.1.3   Bronk Stone 
 7.1.4   Tori Meadows 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Shark's twin sister was hospitalized after a horrifying Duel against Quattro. After a long recovery, Rio attended the same school as her brother - where she quickly excelled in her classes and became the most popular student in school. But Rio did have an icy side, which was reflected in her Ice Winged Beast Deck.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Event icon 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Rio Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Enchanting Mermaid  x3 
 Fiend Reflection 2  x3 
 Ice Water  x3 
 Rainbow Marine Mermaid 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blizzard Falcon 
 Eagle Eye 
 Sirenorca 
 Stealth Bird Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Blue Medicine 
 A Feather of the Phoenix 
 Follow Wind 
 Steel Shell 
 Water Hazard 
 Level 10 
 
 I Will Be Your Opponent Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bolt Penguin  x3 
 Flying Penguin  x2 
 Peacock 
 Wing Eagle 
 Effect Monsters 
 Duck Dummy  x2 
 Guard Penguin  x3 
 Penguin Knight  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Princess Zereort Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 After the Storm 
 Different Dimension Deepsea Trench 
 Salvage 
 The Big Cattle Drive 
 Traps 
 Legacy of Yata-Garasu 
 Level 20 
 
 I Won't Lose Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bolt Penguin 
 Fiend Reflection #1 
 Flying Penguin 
 Queen Bird 
 Spirit of the Books 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aurora Wing 
 Duck Dummy 
 Eagle Eye  x3 
 Guard Penguin 
 Penguin Knight 
 Puny Penguin 
 The Great Emperor Penguin Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Princess Zereort Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Different Dimension Deepsea Trench 
 Follow Wind 
 Salvage 
 Swallow's Nest 
 Unicorn Beacon 
 Traps 
 Diamond Dust 
 Level 30 
 
 I Will Freeze You! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Winged Crown 
 Flying Penguin  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aurora Wing  x2 
 Blizzard Falcon 
 Duck Dummy 
 Eagle Eye  x2 
 Puny Penguin 
 Sirenorca 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Stealth Bird 
 The Great Emperor Penguin Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Ice Princess Zereort Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Different Dimension Deepsea Trench 
 Follow Wind 
 Salvage 
 Steel Shell 
 Unicorn Beacon 
 Water Hazard 
 Level 40 
 
 Frozen World Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Phantom Gryphon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aurora Wing  x3 
 Blizzard Falcon  x3 
 Cure Mermaid 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 Mahjong Munia Maidens 
 Sacred Crane  x2 
 Sirenorca  x2 
 Stealth Bird Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Ice Princess Zereort Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Follow Wind 
 Lemuria, the Forgotten City 
 Swallow's Nest  x2 
 Water Hazard 
 Level 60 
 
 I'll Put You on Ice! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Phantom Gryphon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aurora Wing  x3 
 Blizzard Falcon  x3 
 Cure Mermaid 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 Mahjong Munia Maidens 
 Sacred Crane  x2 
 Sirenorca Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Ice Princess Zereort 
 Number 94: Crystalzero Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Lemuria, the Forgotten City  x2 
 Swallow's Nest  x2 
 Water Hazard 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Special Event 
 
 I'll Freeze You in a Tag Duel Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Phantom Gryphon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aurora Wing  x3 
 Blizzard Falcon  x3 
 Penguin Soldier Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Ice Princess Zereort 
 Number 94: Crystalzero Spells  (5) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Fissure  x2 
 Lemuria, the Forgotten City  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Icarus Attack  x2 
 Mirror Force  x3 
 Duel rewards 
 When Dueling against Level 40 Rio, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Ice Princess Zereort "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Penguin Soldier "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Sirenorca " (second event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Torrential Reborn "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Wonder Xyz "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Blizzard Falcon " (second event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Stealth Bird " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Water Hazard " (first event)
 
 
 R 
 
 " Steel Shell "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Follow Wind "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Rainbow Marine Mermaid "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Water Girl "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ice Water "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Diamond Dust "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Rio Kastle)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Mermaid Knight "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Rio Kastle)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Ice Beast Zerofyne "
 
 
 11
 
 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Level Duplication ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Diamond Dust "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Mermaid Knight "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Ice Beast Zerofyne "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Twins Together (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Diamond Dust "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Mermaid Knight "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Rio Kastle)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Number 94: Crystalzero "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Number 94: Crystalzero "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Wings of Absolute Zero
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Aurora Wing" and 1 "Blizzard Falcon" to your Deck. Then, add 1 "Ice Beast Zerofyne" to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effect can be used once per Duel. All WATER monsters you control become Winged Beast-Type monsters until the end of the turn.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Twins Together
 
 Return 2 Level 3-5 WATER Fish-Type monsters (except Tokens) from your field to the Deck, and play 1 "Aurora Wing" and 1 "Blizzard Falcon" from outside of your Deck to your field. During this turn, when you Xyz Summon a WATER monster using a monster(s) played by this Skill, the Level of the monster(s) can be treated as 5. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Blizzard Jet Stream
 
 Select 1 WATER Winged Beast-Type monster you control. The selected monster gains 1500 ATK until the end of the turn. During this turn, battle damage to your opponent from any battles involving the monster becomes 0. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Chain of Ice
 
 Play 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set from your hand in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. During the turn you use this Skill, you cannot Special Summon any monsters except Xyz Monsters. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains at least 1 monster and no monsters other than WATER monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Ice Fire Egg
 
 Can be used during your next turn after a Trap Card you controlled was destroyed. During this turn, once only, when you Xyz Summon a WATER Winged Beast-Type Xyz Monster, you can also Xyz Summon it by using 1 WATER Xyz Monster with 1 Rank lower than that monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Perfect Freeze
 
 Can be used if you control a WATER Winged Beast-Type Xyz Monster and your opponent controls at least 1 face-up monster. The card effects of all face-up cards on the field except WATER Winged Beast-Type Xyz Monsters you control will be negated until the end of the turn. In addition, select 1 opponent's monster and decrease its ATK by the number of cards negated by this Skill x300 until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 You'll Pay for This!
 
 Select 1 monster your opponent controls. Then, the following effect will be applied during the beginning of your next turn. The ATK/DEF of that monster will become half its original ATK/DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Removal
 
 Send all Xyz Materials for 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Spell/Trap in your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random WATER monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 When starting a Duel against  Yuma and Astral , Rio announces "You always luck out and win by accident, right Yuma?"
 When she wins the Duel, Rio says "I guess it really was luck when you beat Reginald." 
 When she loses the Duel, Rio says "Reginald can be himself when he's around you." followed by "Thanks, Yuma." 
 Reginald Kastle 
 When starting a Duel against  Reginald Kastle , Rio announces "I can't have you fight my battles forever, Reginald!" or "I don't remember how many times we've Dueled." followed by "But I know you won't win this one!"
 When she wins the Duel, Rio says "You're no shark. You're a guppy." followed by "A guppy that can't even sleep without a night light." or "You'd be a mess if I wasn't around." followed by "Just this morning, you ran out of the house in your pajamas." 
 When she loses the Duel, Rio says "Aww, I lost... Back to practice." or "You're so mean, Reginald!!!" followed by "I'm going to put onions in your salad!" 
 When passing the turn to Reginald in a Tag Duel, Rio says "Reginald!"
 When passing the turn to Reginald while own team is on high LP and opponent team is on low LP, Rio says "Don't you dare lose!" 
 When passing the turn to Reginald while own team is on low LP, Rio says "Do something, Reginald!" 
 Bronk Stone 
 When starting a Duel against  Bronk Stone , Rio announces "Sure, Bronk. I'd love to Duel you."
 When she wins the Duel, Rio says "Hahaha! I hope I get another chance to Duel you!" 
 Tori Meadows 
 When starting a Duel against  Tori Meadows , Rio announces "Let's have a great duel, Tori!"
 When she wins the duel, Rio says "I can't wait to Duel you again, Tori." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 
 When Rio Summons " Ice Beast Zerofyne ", a cut-in frame of Rio briefly appears, and she announces, "Descend from the skies! Ice Beast Zerofyne!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Ice Beast Zerofyne" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ice Beast Zerofyne" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Blast 'em from the skies, Zerofyne!" followed by "Icicle Storm!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Zerofyne's effect!" followed by "Perfect Freeze!" 
 When Rio Summons " Ice Princess Zereort ", a cut-in frame of Rio briefly appears, and she announces, "Break your shackles, Ice Princess Zereort!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Go, Zereort! Attack!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Zereort's effect!" followed by "Subzero Subtraction!" 
 When Rio Summons " Number 94: Crystalzero ", she chants  "Number 94! Freeze your foes with your soul of ice!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Rio briefly appears, and she announces, "Number 94: Crystalzero!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Attack Crystalzero!" followed by "Crystal Javelin!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Crystalzero's effect!" followed by "Crystal Eraser!" 
 When Rio Summons " Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer ", she chants  "Full Armored Xyz!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Rio briefly appears, and she announces, "Clad in black armor! Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer attacks!" followed by "Crystal Javelin!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I use 1 Overlay Unit to play Crystalzero Lancer's effect! All your monsters effects are negated this turn! 
 When Rio Summons " Aurora Wing ", a cut-in frame of Rio's face briefly appears, and she announces, "Appear! Aurora Wing!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Attack, Aurora Wing!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "Aurora Wing's effect activates! When it's destroyed in battle, I can revive it!" 
 When Rio Summons " Blizzard Falcon ", a cut-in frame of Rio's face briefly appears, and she announces, "Here comes Blizzard Falcon!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Whirl up a snowstorm, Blizzard Falcon!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "Blizzard Falcon's effect activates! If it has more Attack points than it started with, it deals damage!" 
 When Rio Summons " Blizzard Thunderbird ", a cut-in frame of Rio's face briefly appears, and she announces, "Go, Blizzard Thunderbird!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Blizzard Thunderbird attacks!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I discard a card to activate Blizzard Thunderbird's effect!" 
 When Rio Summons " Guard Penguin ", a cut-in frame of Rio's face briefly appears, and she announces, "Guard Penguin! Protect me!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Guard Penguin! Attack!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I activate Guard Penguin's effect from my hand! I regain the damage I took and special summon it!" 
 When Rio Summons " Sirenorca ", a cut-in frame of Rio's face briefly appears, and she announces, "Sirenorca!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Sirenorca! Attack!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "When Sirenorca special Summons itself, its effect activates!" 
 When Rio Summons " Amabie ", she announces, "Come on out, Amabie!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Attack, Amabie!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I activate Amabie's effect from my hand! We each gain 300 Life Points!" 
 When Rio Summons " Duck Dummy ", she announces, "Here's Duck Dummy!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Duck Dummy attacks!" 
 When Rio Summons " Labyrinth Wall ", she announces, "This is the card I picked up, Labyrinth Wall!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Labyrinth Wall attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Rio activates " Lemuria, the Forgotten City ", she announces, "I activate my Field Spell, Lemuria, the Forgotten City!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Rio announces, "Lemuria, the Forgotten City's effect activates!" 
 When Rio activates " Diamond Dust ", she announces, "I activate my Trap Card, Diamond Dust! All WATER monsters are destroyed, and you take damage!" 
 When Rio activates " Monster Reborn ", she announces, "I activate the Spell Card, Monster Reborn!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 
 When Rio Summons " Crystal Shark ", she announces, "Swim up, Crystal Shark!"
 Most of the time when Rio declares an attack with that monster, she announces, "Chomp 'em, Crystal Shark!" 
 When Rio activates the effect of that monster, she announces, "I target a WATER monster to activate Crystal Shark's effect! I Special Summon this card, and the target loses ATK!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Rio activates " Mirror Force ", she announces, "I activate my Trap Card, Mirror Force! All your monsters in attack position are destroyed!" 
 When Rio activates " Torrential Tribute ", she announces, "I activate my Trap, Torrential Tribute! All monsters on the field are destroyed!" 
 Trivia 
 Before Rio became unlockable through "Raging Sibling Squabble! Rio Appears", Rio's summoning and defeat cut-ins depict her without her Duel Gazer. 
 v e 
Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) pages 
 Anime 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/RioKastle-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/295?cb=20220517202842', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Profile-DULI-RioKastle.png/revision/latest?cb=20220517203049', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Icon-DULI-RioKastle.png/revision/latest?cb=20220808204034', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Icon-DULI-RioKastle2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220808204046', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/CutIn-DULI-RioKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220517203100', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Summoning-DULI-RioKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220517203111', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Defeat-DULI-RioKastle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220517203121', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/Icon-DULI-RagingSiblingSquabbleRioAppears.png/revision/latest?cb=20220808204459', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Rio Kastle pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters