Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_127


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 127 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 封印を破りし者・マルタン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Fūin wo Yabureshimono Marutan 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Seal Breaker, Martin 
 
 
 English 
 Breaking of the Sacred Seal 
 
 
 Number 
 127 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 14, 2007 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 21, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Teardrop ティアドロップ" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Sun 太陽" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " 
 " A Dimensional Duel " 
 
 
 
 
 "Breaking of the Sacred Seal" , known as  "The Seal Breaker, Martin"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and twenty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 14, 2007 and in the UK on November 21, 2007.
 Jaden Yuki  continues on, attempting to reach  Marcel Bonaparte  before the latter releases the seal of the  Sacred Beasts . Marcel is also opposed by  Adrian Gecko , and the two  Duel  over the right to take the Sacred Beast cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Adrian Gecko vs. Marcel Bonaparte 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Maximillion Pegasus  and  Chancellor Sheppard  are flying to the " Rainbow Dragon " tablet's location via  Industrial Illusions  helicopters. Pegasus explains he based the  Crystal Beast  cards off of seven gemstones that  Julius Caesar  supposedly gathered from around the world. The ship that was going to take them back to Rome sunk. Pegasus chose to "revive" the gems as cards. However, Caesar also had a tablet where he was going to place the gemstones - and this tablet depicted a dragon. Now that it's been found, Pegasus can view it and create the "Rainbow Dragon" card. When they reach its location, they find  Echo  has beaten them there. She attempts to use  Short Circuit  devices to destroy the tablet.
 At the resting place of the  Sacred Beasts ,  Marcel Bonaparte  and  Adrian Gecko  begin a  Duel  to determine who will get to take the cards.  Jaden Yuki  is still en route, still being chased by  Duel Ghouls .  Axel Brodie  and the others are heading to the tennis courts, so they can begin a Duel to aide in opening the wormhole between dimensions. They are also assaulted by Duel Ghouls on the way, and Axel is forced to send his " Blue Berets " to distract them.  Dr. Crowler  also stays behind, as the rest continue on.
 Echo explains that she does not want Adrian to return to Earth, as if he does, he can't become "King". He's devoted his life to protecting his  little brother  for sake of his family, but Echo states he was much more potential than that - and he can attain that potential in the Duel Spirit world. She is willing to destroy the tablet and sacrifice herself along with Pegasus' group to prevent him from returning. Pegasus' bodyguards stop her before she is able to do so.
 Adrian drops Marcel to 1000 Life Points and is about to declare a direct attack to finish him off, but Marcel activates two copies of " Break the Seal ", revealing that he is trying to summon  Exodia . At this point, the Sacred Beasts awaken, stopping the Duel. Adrian tries to make Marcel continue the Duel, but Marcel reveals that he already had the four limbs of  Exodia  in his hand, and had "Break the Seal" resolved, he would have added  the head  and won.
 Jaden is trapped by Duel Ghouls, including  Syrus Truesdale , and they Summon a variety of monsters to attack him. Jaden uses " Winged Kuriboh 's effect to reduce all  battle damage  to 0 and run away from them. Meanwhile the others race through the school, constantly being stopped by duel ghouls. Jesse offers to fight a mob blocking their path but Crowler states he will duel them and sends everyone else on. At the tennis courts,  Vice-Chancellor Bonaparte  reveals that  Duel Academy  had borrowed a Sub-Space Dueling System from  KaibaCorp . Using this, they'll be able to create a link back Earth, with one Duelist one each side, creating enough Duel Energy to open the wormhole and send "Rainbow Dragon" in.  Bastion Misawa  initiates the system, and  Jesse Anderson  prepares to Duel. It's revealed that  Zane Truesdale  will be his opponent.
 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Featured Duel: Adrian Gecko vs. Marcel Bonaparte 
 Turn 1: Marcel 
Marcel draws " Mad Reloader " and subsequently Normal Summons it (0/0) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Adrian 
Adrian draws. He then activates " Summon Cloud ". Now once per turn, during each of Adrian's Main Phases, he can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or below "Cloudian" monster from his hand or either player's Graveyard if he doesn't control any monsters. During each of Adrian's Standby Phases, he must either discard one card or destroy "Summon Cloud". Adrian then activates the effect of "Summon Cloud" to Special Summon " Cloudian - Sheep Cloud " (0/0) in Attack Position. He then activates " Exploding Cloud " to destroy "Sheep Cloud" and take damage equal its  ATK . 
 Since "Cloudian - Sheep Cloud" was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Adrian to Special Summon two " Sheep Cloud Tokens " (0/0) in Attack Position. Adrian then  Tributes  his two tokens in order to  Tribute Summon  " Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon " (3000/1000) in Attack Position. "Eye of the Typhoon" then attacks "Mad Reloader". The effect of "Eye of the Typhoon" activates, switching "Mad Reloader" to  Attack Position . "Eye of the Typhoon" then destroys "Mad Reloader" (Marcel 4000 → 1000). Since "Mad Reloader" was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Marcel to send " Pot of Avarice " and " Reload " from his hand to the Graveyard and draw two cards. Adrian  Sets  a card. On Adrian's End Phase, "Eye of the Typhoon" loses 500 ATK due to its last effect ("Eye of the Typhoon": 3000 → 2500/1000).
 Turn 3: Marcel 
Marcel draws. He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 4: Adrian 
Adrian draws. On Adrian's Standby Phase, he chooses not to pay the  Maintenance Cost  for "Summon Cloud", so the latter is destroyed. "Eye of the Typhoon" then attacks directly, but Marcel activates his two face-down " Break the Seals " and sends both of them to the  Graveyard  in order to add " Exodia the Forbidden One " from his Deck to his hand.
 At this point, the " Sacred Beasts " are released and their awakening stop the Duel. Adrian later sees Marcel's hand, which contained " Left Arm of the Forbidden One ", " Left Leg of the Forbidden One ", " Right Arm of the Forbidden One ", and " Right Leg of the Forbidden One ". This means that if the effect of " Break the Seal " had resolved, Marcel would have gotten "Exodia the Forbidden One" into his hand and automatically won the Duel.
 
 Trivia 
 When Adrian notices the Exodia cards in his hand, the cards have their original Japanese artwork (with the star points in the background) instead of the American edited artwork. This trend seems to continue in future episodes but even less edited to even include them still in Japanese anime card format. 
 When  Bastion Misawa  gets to work with the Interdimensional Duel System (that Bonaparte says they borrowed from  KaibaCorp ),  Seto Kaiba 's theme music plays. Incidentally, Bastion's voice actor,  Eric Stuart , also voices Kaiba. 
 Errors 
 In the English dub, when "Mad Reloader"'s effect activates, Marcel says that he sends two cards to his deck before drawing two more when he actually sends them to the Graveyard. 
 In the English dub, after Adrian uses the effect of "Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon" to switch Marcel's "Made Reloader" from Defense Position to Attack Position, he erroneously says that "Mad Reloader" is in  Defense  Position. 
 In the English dub, when Marcel activates his two face-down "Break the Seal" Trap Cards, he mistakenly calls them  Spell  Cards. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Adrian Gecko Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon 
 Cloudian - Sheep Cloud Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Exploding Cloud 
 Summon Cloud 
 
 Marcel Bonaparte Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Mad Reloader Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Reload 
 Traps 
 Break the Seal  x2 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gagagigo 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Leghul 
 Newdoria 
 Panther Warrior 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Winged Kuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Short Circuit  x3 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 3 episodes 
 #105 " Third Time's A Charm " #106 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " #107 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " #108 " Hanging with Axel: Part 1 " #109 " Hanging with Axel: Part 2 " #110 " Primal Instinct " #111 " Head in the Clouds: Part 1 " #112 " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " #113 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " #114 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " #115 " Trapper Keeper, Part 1 " #116 " Trapper Keeper, Part 2 " #117 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 1 " #118 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 2 " #119 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 3 " #120 " Inter-Dimension Detention " #121 " Sub-Desert Duel " #122 " Night of the Living Duelist " #123 " School Ghoul Duels " #124 " Triple Play, Part 1 " #125 " Triple Play, Part 2 " #126 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " #127 " Breaking of the Sacred Seal " #128 " A Dimensional Duel " #129 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 1 " #130 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " #131 " All for One " #132 " A New World Order " #133 " Friend or Fiend " #134 " Dueling With the Dark Army " #135 " Turning the Page, Part 1 " #136 " Turning the Page, Part 2 " #137 " The State of Syrus " #138 " The Darkness Revealed " #139 " A Sight Unseen, Part 1 " #140 " A Sight Unseen, Part 2 " #141 " What Lies Beneath, Part 1 " #142 " What Lies Beneath, Part 2 " #143 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " #144 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 " #145 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " #146 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " #147 " Conquering the Past, Part 2 " #148 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " #149 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 1 " #150 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 2 " #151 " The Power Within, Part 1 " #152 " The Power Within, Part 2 " #153 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 1 " #154 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 2 " #155 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " #156 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2 
 S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Series127.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121029011135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes