Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Bakura_and_Bonz%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Bakura Bonz 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 Graveyard 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 79:  " Shadow of a Duel " 
 
 
 
 Yami Bakura  and  Bonz  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Battle City  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  Dark Bakura and Ghost Kozuka's Duel (manga)  from the  manga .
 
 Prior Events 
 Seto Kaiba  and his brother  Mokuba , leave seeing as how he repaid his debt for saving  Téa Gardner , who saved Mokuba. After that,  Joey Wheeler  sets his locator cards on his Duel Disk to reveal the location of the finals.
 Meanwhile at the hospital,  Yami Bakura  and  Marik Ishtar  communicate on the astral plane. Marik informs Bakura his plan to use  Yugi Muto 's friends has failed, so he orders Yami Bakura to enter the Battle City Finals, and if he helps him defeat Yugi, he can use his Millennium Rod to control the other wielders of the Millennium Items and give them to Yami Bakura.
 In the physical plane, Yami Bakura takes control of  Bakura Ryou 's body and knocks  Solomon Muto  unconscious. He then steals another duelists Duel Disk and locator card but throws his deck back at him. The duelist then tells Yami Bakura of a rumor about duelists losing their locator cards at the Domino City Graveyard.
 There, Duelists are being scared by  Bandit Keith 's old crew, with  Bonz  as their new leader. they have scarred duelists out of five locator cards. Yami Bakura enters and is not impressed. He challenges Bonz to a duel wagering his only locator card for Bonz's five locator cards. With time for having the final eight duelists arrive running out, Bonz accepts. 
 The duel commences.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Bakura vs. Bonz 
 Turn 1: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Headless Knight " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1450/1700) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Bonz 
Bonz draws " The Snake Hair " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in Attack Position. "Snake Hair"  attacks  and  destroys  "Headless Knight" (Yami Bakura 4000 → 3950).
 Turn 3: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. He then  activates  his face-down " The Shallow Grave " to allow both players to  Special Summon  a  monster  from each  Graveyard  in  Defense Position . Yami Bakura Special Summons "Headless Knight" (1450/1700) in Defense Position, but Bonz Special Summons nothing as his Graveyard is currently empty.
 
       The Earl of Demise  is summoned.      Yami Bakura then  Tributes  "Headless Knight" in order to  Tribute Summon  " The Earl of Demise " (2000/700) in Attack Position. "The Earl of Demise" attacks and destroys "Snake Hair" (Bonz 4000 → 3500).
 Turn 4: Bonz 
Bonz draws " Dragon Zombie " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/0) in Attack Position. He then activates " Magic Burial " to  pay  800  Life Points  (Bonz 3500 → 2700) and revive "The Snake Hair" (1500/1200) in  Attack Position . Bonz's hand, at this point, contains " Armored Zombie ", "Polymerization", "Skull Invitation", and " Crass Clown ". 
 Bonz then activates " Polymerization " to fuse "Dragon Zombie" with "The Snake Hair" and  Fusion Summon  " Great Mammoth of Goldfine " (2200/1800) in Attack Position. Under  Battle City Rules ,  Fusion Monsters  cannot attack during the same turn they are Fusion Summoned. Bonz Sets a card. He intends to use his set card once "Great Mammoth of Goldfine" attacks and destroys "The Earl of Demise".
 Turn 5: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. Bonz activates his face-down " Skull Invitation ". Now whenever a card(s) goes to the Graveyard, the owner of that card(s) will automatically take 300  damage  per card. Yami Bakura then activates " Spiritualistic Medium " to  discard  his entire  hand  and increase the ATK of "The Earl of Demise" by 500 for each card discarded. There were four discarded ("Earl of Demise": 2000 → 4000/700). The effect of "Skull Invitation" then activates (Yami Bakura 3950 → 2750). 
 "The Earl of Demise" attacks and destroys "Great Mammoth of Goldfine" (Bonz 2700 → 900). The effect of "Skull Invitation" then activates (Bonz 900 → 600). At the End Phase, the effect of "Spiritualistic Medium" expires ("The Earl of Demise": 4000 → 2000/700).
 At this point, Yami Bakura informs Bonz and his cronies they have been dueling in the Shadow Realm since the duel started, as indicated when Sid tried to run away from the Graveyard only to return to where Zygor and Bonz are and he tells them in order to escape, they would have to beat him.
 Turn 6: Bonz 
Bonz draws " Nightmare's Steelcage " and subsequently activates it. Now no monsters can attack for two turns. Bonz then Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Ectoplasmer " and subsequently activates it. Now both players, during each of their turns, can choose up to two types of monsters to be converted into ectoplasm, with half of the turn player's Tributed monsters' ATK being inflicted as damage to their opponents. Yami Bakura activates the effect of "Ectoplasmer" and selects "Fiend" for its effect, which causes "The Earl of Demise" to be Tributed (Bonz 600 → 0).
 
 Aftermath 
 Bonz, Sid and Zygor are swallowed by shadow creatures and dragged into the Shadow Realm. Yami Bakura takes the five locator cards and heads to the location of the Battle City Quarterfinals.
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/Yugioh_episode_79.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126183654', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/TheEarlofDemise-JP-Anime-DM-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140809025018']
Categories: Battle City Duels