Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_148


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 148 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya  heads off for his  next Duel . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ペンデュラムが 描 く 奇 跡 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Pendyuramu ga Egaku Kiseki 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Miracle Drawn by the Pendulum 
 
 
 English 
 That's a Wrap! 
 
 
 Number 
 148 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 26, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 May 5, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Director 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Katsumi Ono 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Akemi Yokota 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " One Last Duel " 
 "N/A" 
 
 
 
 
 "That's a Wrap!" , known as  "The Miracle Drawn by the Pendulum " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundred-and-forty-eighth and final episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 26, 2017 and in Australia on May 5, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on February 20, 2018. 
 Yuya  is powerless before  Declan 's " Super   Doom   Kings ". However, he receives support from  Yuto ,  Yugo  and  Yuri . Yuya then goes all out against Declan. What awaits Yuya at the end of the last  Duel  to make everyone smile?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Declan Akaba 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Differences 
 
 
 Summary 
 Declan  compliments  Yuya  on bringing out the full power his  dragons . However, they don't stand a chance against his "Super Doom Kings." He then uses " D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon's " special ability, which targets a  Pendulum Monster  on Yuya's field (Odd-Eyes). Due to its ability, "Bright Armageddon negates the special abilities of all the other Dragon-Type monsters on Yuya's field. Then, Declan activates " Dark Armageddon's " special ability, detaching an Overlay Unit and destroying a non-Pendulum Monster on Yuya's field for each one he controls. Declan has three, so " Starving Venom ", " Clear Wing  and " Dark Rebellion " are destroyed. Finally, Declan activates " Purple Armageddon's " special ability, destroying " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and dealing Yuya damage equal to its attack points. Yuya's  LP  falls to 1250. Declan asks Yuya how he can make him smile since that his dragons are gone. Yuya says he doesn't know, but he plans to make everyone smile. Declan and  Riley  will be able to smile again, and he'll bring back  Zuzu . He grasps his pendant with one hand, and asks  Yuri ,  Yuto , and  Yugo  to lend him his power one more time. He draws with all of their power and activates " Odd-Eyes Fusion Gate ", Summoning back "Odd-Eyes" and "Starving Venom" with their effects negated, and then he can  Fusion Summon . He fuses "Odd-Eyes" with "Starving Venom" to Fusion Summon " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon ". "Venom Dragon's" effect activates, increasing its  ATK  by the combined ATK of all monsters Declan controls until the  End Phase , raising its ATK to 13,800.
 Yuya sends "Venom Dragon" into battle against "Bright Armageddon" but Declan comments saying he can’t do it just by force. He uses "Purple Armageddon" effect to return the battling monsters attack to its original amount. "Venom Dragon’s" ATK is changed back to 3300.
The attack continues and  Tate  notes how "Bright Armageddon’s" ATK is 3500.
 Yuya jumps into action by using the trampolines and grabs the  Action Card  " Wonder Chance ". "Venom Dragon" is destroyed via the battle and Yuya’s LP drops to 1050. After landing, Yuri says to Yuya "That’s not all" and Yugo urges Yuya to continue. Yuya uses the effect of "Fusion Gate" which allows him to send it the  graveyard  when the  Fusion Monster  summoned via "Fusion Gate" is destroyed, and this then allows him add " Odd-Eyes Synchro Gate " to his hand and Yuya does so. Declan is caught out by this.
 Yuya plays "Synchro Gate" to  Special Summon  "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his Extra Deck and "Clear Wing" from his graveyard with both of their effects negated. The card treats "Odd-Eyes" as a Level one monster and it is treated as  Tuner . The card then  Synchro Summons  one Synchro Pendulum Monster from Yuya's Extra Deck. Yuya and Yugo chant as one and Synchro Summon " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon ".  Jack Atlas  is outside the stadium and says he can hear Yuya’s beat of existence for the first time. Yuya uses its effect to destroy all monsters Declan controls and "Wing Dragon" gains one of those monsters ATK. Declan counters with "Dark Armageddon" by using its effect which prevents Pendulum monsters from being destroyed by effects. Yuya then commands "Wing Dragon" to attack "Dark Armageddon".  Sylvio  notes how "Wing Dragon's" ATK is less, "Wing Dragon" is destroyed in battle. Yuya’s LP drops once more to 550 and  Sora  states that this was on purpose. Yugo appears and says to Yuto he is counting on him as Yuya added " Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate " to his hand by sending "Synchro Gate" to the graveyard. Yuto responds by saying "leave it to me".
 Yuya plays his third gate and "Odd-Eyes" is Special Summoned from Extra Deck while "Dark Rebellion" is bought back from the graveyard. Both effects are negated and "Dark Rebellion" is turned into a Level 7. Yuya overlays his two monsters and performs a chant along with Yuto. "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" is  Xyz Summoned .  Alexis ,  Crow  and  Shay  all comment how the summons have connected with each other. Yuya banishes the "Xyz", "Synchro" and "Fusion Gates" to use "Xyz Gate’s" effect. "Rebellion Dragon" gains 1000 ATK and it can attack twice this turn. Yuya then plays the Action Card " Wonder Chance " to allow Yuya to attack once more.  Allie  says how that card was used before in Yuya's and Declan's first Duel. Yuya commands "Rebellion Dragon" to attack all three "Super Doom Kings".
 The Xyz monster launches a attack at all three and a dust cloud forms as it hits, everyone watches on. The dust clears and Declan stands with his three monsters intact. Declan comments "Not bad" and that while "Purple Armageddon" is on the field, Pendulum monsters can't be destroyed by battle. Declan's LP drops to 2000. Yuya says now the battle phase is over then his "Xyz Gates" effect wears off and "Rebellion Dragon's" ATK returns to normal. Yuya sets a card.  Gong  comments how Yuya has no cards left in his hand and his dragon can’t survive until the next turn.  
 Declan stares at Yuya and says if Riley can't smile then he will become a bomb that will resurrect  Z-ARC  in the future. Riley is seen crying in the stands once more.  Skip  holds his head in pain and says both "Yuya" and "Zuzu". Declan then draws and uses "Purple Armageddon's" effect to destroy "Rebellion Dragon" and inflict 3000 points of damage to Yuya. Yuya responds by using his set  Trap , " Abysmal Entertainment " that when a Pendulum Monster is destroyed, he takes no damage this turn and it is instead set as a  Pendulum Scale . "Rebellion Dragon" is placed as a Scale 4. Yuya vows to show Declan his entertainment and Declan tells him to show him. Declan ends his turn. 
 Yuya draws and uses "Rebellion Dragon's" effect to set a monster from his deck into his other  Pendulum Zone . Yuya sets Scale 12, " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ". Yuya Pendulum Summons his "Venom Dragon", "Wing Dragon", " Performapal Ignition Eagle " and " Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer ". Declan uses "Bright Armageddon's" effects to negate all of the monsters Yuya controls, expect one Pendulum monster of his choosing. Yuya picks his "Odd-Eyes Seer" and the other monsters have their effects negated Yuya uses "Odd-Eyes Seer" effect to banish it and Special Summon "Odd-Eyes" from his graveyard. "Bright Armageddon's" effect is reset once more and Yuya picks to save his “Eagle”.
 Yuya jumps across the Action Field and uses "Five-Rainbow Magician's"  Pendulum Effect . "Five-Rainbow Magician" unleashes numerous rainbow beams across the field and all the monsters falls to 0 ATK and Declan wonders why.  Allen  comments how Yuya is smiling despite all this. Yuya states that since "Five-Rainbow Magician" used its effect, then all users that have four or less cards set in their Spell and Trap Zone, then their monsters ATK is reduced 0 and their effects are negated. However if a user has five set then the limit disappears and the users monsters have their attacks doubled. Yuya sets his first card. Yuya then says setting a card will end the users turn and Yuya’s turn does end.  Declan comments that users who can get the cards outside of the Draw Phase, can set the cards. Declan then says the first to get all five will determine the winner. Yuya replied that when this happens then the turn won’t end and he can attack. Declan says to Yuya "Let's get started". Yuya then says to Declan that if he draws then he can’t set any cards that turn.
 Declan doesn't draw and begins to jump across the trampolines and Yuya runs off as well and jumps into a cannon. Yuya is fired out and is about to grab an Action Card but Declan, thanks to his "Bright Armageddon" helping him reach, grabs it. Declan sets his first card and his turn ends. Yuya comments Declan learnt quickly and how that is usual for him. Yuya lands onto a piece of equipment which begins to roll and Yuya struggles to keep his balance on it. Declan finds and sets a second during Yuya's turn and Yuya's turn ends. Declan grabs a third and sets it, ending his turn. Gong says that Declan is stealing the show.  Yoko  says that Yuya's entertainment is just getting started.
 Yuya is able to jump off the spinning equipment and thanks to "Odd-Eyes"; he is given a lift to reach his second Action Card. Yuya then activates his  Rollerboots  and rides up a swirly runway. Declan begins his turn and Yuya grabs his third making it three-all. Yuya begins his turn and is gliding in mid-air above the whole Action Field. 
 In  Duel Academy , a figure which looks like  Ray Akaba  can be seen in an orb like computer and Leo is typing away at some screens.  Leo  comments about this waveform and asks if she is responding to something. Back in the  Pendulum Dimension , Riley is seen staring at the field with her hands open. Declan, thanks to "Bright Armageddon", grabs his fourth card and ends the turn. Declan declares his turn and Yuya is seen riding his "Ignition Eagle" and he grabs his fourth as well. Declan reluctantly is forced to end his turn. Sylvio comments how the next card set will determinate the outcome of the Duel. In Duel Academy, Ray is seen responding more and the beating is getting faster. Light waves begin coming out of the orb and Leo is seen being shocked by this.
 Everyone across the  dimensions  watches in suspense at the Duel. Yuya and Declan aim for the same Action Card and both fly past the same one, in opposite directions. Gong questions who got it. Yuya lands and rolls and five set cards appear meaning Yuya gained the Action Card. Yuya’s monster all double their ATK. Yuya commands "Odd-Eyes" to attack "Bright Armageddon". Declan sends " D/D Savant Einstein " from his hand to the graveyard to allow him to set a card a Spell Card from his hand. Declan sets his fifth card and his monsters ATK double as well. Yuya actives his "Ignition Eagle's" effect allowing it to swap places with "Rebellion Dragon" in the Pendulum Zone and "Rebellion Dragon" takes "Ignition Eagle's" place on the field, "Odd-Eyes" gains "Rebellion's" ATK due to "Ignition Eagle's" other effect. "Odd-Eye’s" ATK rises to 8000. Declan says "Bright Armageddon" effect has reset and is activated once more, making Yuya choose "Odd-Eyes" and the rest of his monsters effects are negated. The battle continues but Declan uses "Purple Armageddon's" effects to prevent all Pendulum Monsters he controls from being destroyed and his ATK will revert back to normal. "Odd-Eyes" falls to 2500 ATK. Declan yells to Yuya to destroy himself. 
 Spotlights appear around Yuya as he shouts out "Ladies and Gentlemen". Declan is caught by surprise that Yuya is still doing his  Dueltaining . Yuya says his "Odd-Eyes" will be strong thanks to his friends. Yuya activates "Ignition Eagle's" Pendulum effect banishing "Ignition Eagle" and "Five-Rainbow Magician" from his Scales, all set cards are destroyed. All monsters ATK's return to normal and Yuya says he will send Performapals from his deck to the graveyard equal to the amount of set cards destroyed. Yuya counts down from five along with the crowd and shouts IGNITION! once he reaches zero. Ten fireworks fire into the sky and take the shape of several of Yuya's Performapal's and a Pendulum swings in the air. Riley begins to react to the fireworks. Due to "Ignition Eagle's" effect, Odd-Eyes gains 500 ATK for each Pendulum monster he controls, which results in a 2000 ATK boost. Yuya jumps onto "Odd-Eyes" as he unleashes his "Spiral Strike Burst" attack. Declan says his monsters won’t be destroyed via "Purple Armageddon" but Yuya says he will still take damage and Declan is sent flying. He smirks as he loses the Duel.
 Screens across the dimensions show that Yuya has won. Declan looks around and the whole stadium hear Riley is laughing. Declan holds up Yuya’s hand and says his protest is passed. Crowds across the dimension cheer as Ray responds to the Duel and Leo looks on with surprise. A giant light covers Leo's room and a beam is shot out of Duel Academy which transports everyone, in all dimensions to the Pendulum Dimension. 
 Three beams of light hit the stadium and many of the Lancer's allies appear in the center, wondering what is going on. In the center, Ray appears in a glowing yellow orb and everyone looks at it. Yuya looks shocked at it, as Yuto and  Lulu  smile at each other, both inside of Yuya and Zuzu. Next Yugo and  Rin  then  Celina  and Yuri all follow. Yuya walks to the orb and places his hand into it. Yuya's hand is grabbed by another and he pulls it out of the orb.
 Zuzu is revived without her bracelet and says to Yuya that she always believed in him and a joyful Skip is seen crying with pride at her return. Zuzu says she always knew he would make people smile with his Dueling. Yuya says welcome home to Zuzu while Zuzu says she is back. Everyone from the Pendulum Dimension is seen celebrating her return while Riley continues to laugh. Declan turns to face Riley and says Z-ARC is laughing alongside her and Leo says the worlds are one again thanks to Yuya’s Dueling. Declan seems surprised by this and bursts out laughing. 
 The stadium lights go dark and a spotlight appears on  Yusho Sakaki  and he says if Yuya thinks this is the end then he is mistaken. Yuya and Zuzu are shocked at this as Yusho says his first real fight begun the moment he passed the test and Yusho activates his Duel disk. Yusho shouts to Yuya to ask if he is prepared to continue fighting as pro and Yuya says he will continue to make people smile with his Dueling. Yuya says he will surpass Yusho as Yuya activates his  Duel Disk . Yuya runs forward with everyone smiling at him and he chants his catchphrase. "The fun has just begun!" (in the dub Yuya says it's time to swing into action).
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Declan Akaba 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Declan 
 Declan   activates  the effect of " D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon " as a monster was  Normal  or  Special Summoned , negating the effects of all monsters  Yuya  controls except that of a  Pendulum Monster  that Yuya controls of his choice. Yuya chooses " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Declan activates the effect of " D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon ",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  ("Dark Armageddon": 3 → 2 ORU) to destroy non-Pendulum Monsters Yuya controls equal to the number of Pendulum Monsters that Declan controls. He destroys " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", and " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon ". Declan then activates the effect of " D/D/D Super Doom Purple Armageddon ", destroying a monster Yuya controls and inflicting damage equal to its  ATK  on the field. He destroys "Odd-Eyes" (Yuya: 3750 → 1250 LP).
 Turn 3: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  and subsequently activates " Odd-Eyes Fusion Gate ", Special Summoning "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his  Extra Deck  and a  Fusion Monster  from his  Graveyard  with their effects negated, then  Fusion Summoning  a Fusion-Pendulum Monster using them as  Fusion Materials , and then "Fusion Gate" will remain face-up on the field long as the monster that was Fusion Summoned by its effect does. He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) and "Starving Venom" (2800/2000) and fuses them to Fusion Summon " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon " (3300/2500). As it was Fusion Summoned using monsters on the field, the effect of "Venom Dragon" allows it to gain the ATK of all monsters Declan controls until the end of the turn (Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon: 3300 → 13800). "Venom Dragon" attacks "Bright Armageddon", but Declan activates the effect of "Purple Armageddon"; once per turn he can return the ATK of one of Yuya's battling monsters to its original ATK ("Venom Dragon": 13800 → 3300). Yuya finds the  Action Card  " Wonder Chance ". "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon" is destroyed (Yuya: 1250 → 1050 LP). 
 Yuya activates the effect of "Odd-Eyes Fusion Gate" as the Fusion-Pendulum Monster that it Fusion Summoned was destroyed, sending it to the Graveyard to add " Odd-Eyes Synchro Gate " from his Deck to his hand, which he subsequently activates, allowing him to Special Summon "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his Extra Deck treated as a  Level  1  Tuner monster  and a  Synchro Monster  from his Graveyard with their effects negated, then  Synchro Summon  a Synchro-Pendulum Monster using them as  Synchro Materials , and then "Synchro Gate" will remain face-up on the field long as the monster that was Synchro Summoned by its effect does. He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes" ("Odd-Eyes":   7 → 1) and "Clear Wing" (2500/2000) and tunes the Level 1 Tuner monster "Odd-Eyes" with the Level 7 "Clear Wing" to Synchro Summon " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " (3000/2500). Yuya activates the effect of "Wing Dragon", destroying all monsters his opponent controls and then having "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon" gain ATK equal to the ATK of one of the destroyed monsters, but the effect of "Dark Armageddon" prevents Pendulum Monsters that Declan controls from being destroyed by card effects. "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Dark Armageddon" (Yuya: 1050 → 550 LP).
 Yuya activates the effect of "Odd-Eyes Synchro Gate" as the Monster that it Synchro Summoned was destroyed, sending it to the Graveyard to add " Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate " from his Deck to his hand, which he subsequently activates. It lets him Special Summon "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his Extra Deck and an  Xyz Monster  from his Graveyard treated as a Level 7 monster with their effects negated, then  Xyz Summon  an Xyz-Pendulum Monster using them as Overlay Units, and then "Xyz Gate" will remain face-up on the field long as the Xyz-Pendulum Monster that was Xyz Summoned by its effect does. He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes" and "Dark Rebellion" (2500/2000) and overlays the Level 7  Dragon - Type  "Odd-Eyes" and "Dark Rebellion" to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " (3000/2500, ORU: 2). Yuya activates the effect of "Xyz Gate" banishing it from his field and both "Fusion Gate" and "Synchro Gate" from his Graveyard to increase the ATK of the Xyz Monster Xyz Summoned by the effect of "Xyz Gate" by 1000 until the end of the  Battle Phase  and allow it to attack twice during the Battle Phase ("Rebellion Dragon": 3000 → 4000 ATK) Yuya activates "Wonder Chance", allowing a monster he controls to attack an additional time during each Battle Phase. "Rebellion Dragon" attacks "Purple Armageddon", Bright Armageddon" and "Dark Armageddon", but the effect of "Purple Armageddon" prevents Pendulum Monsters that Declan controls from being destroyed by battle (Declan: 3500 → 2000 LP). Yuya  Sets  a card.
 Turn 4: Declan 
Declan activates the effect of "Purple Armageddon", destroying "Rebellion Dragon" and inflicting its ATK to Yuya. As a Pendulum Monster he controlled was destroyed, Yuya activates " Abysmal Entertainment ", placing his destroyed Pendulum Monster in his  Pendulum Zone  (   4) and preventing him from taking damage this turn.
 Turn 5: Yuya 
Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Rebellion Dragon", placing a Pendulum Monster from his Deck into his other Pendulum Zone. He places " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician " (   12). Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon", "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon", " Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer ", (100/1800) and " Performapal Ignition Eagle " (1000/1000), all in  Attack Position  from his Extra Deck. As a monster was Normal or Special Summoned, Declan activates the effect of "Bright Armageddon", negating the effects of all monsters Yuya controls except for a Pendulum Monster of Yuya's choice. Yuya chooses "Odd-Eyes Seer" and subsequently activates its effect as it was Pendulum Summoned in Attack Position, Special Summoning an " Odd-Eyes " Pendulum Monster from his Graveyard, then banishing "Odd-Eyes Seer". He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (2500/2000). As a monster was Normal or Special Summoned, Declan activates the effect of "Bright Armageddon", negating the effects of all monsters Yuya controls except for a Pendulum Monster of Yuya's choice. Yuya chooses "Ignition Eagle". 
 Yuya finds an Action Card. The Pendulum Effect of "Five-Rainbow Magician" is applied to both players. As long as a player has four or less Set cards in their  Spell & Trap Zones , the ATK of all monsters they control become 0, they cannot attack, and cannot activate their effects. If a player does not skip their  Draw Phase , they will not be able to Set Spell/Trap Cards during their turn. If a player controls five Set cards in their Spell/Trap Zones, then these effects will be negated, and the ATK of all monsters they control will be doubled. In addition, if a player adds a card to their hand outside of the Draw Phase, they will be allowed to Set that card, and when a player Sets a card, the current turn is ended. Yuya Sets the Action Card that he obtained.
 Turn 6: Declan 
Declan skips his Draw Phase. He finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 7: Yuya 
Yuya skips his Draw Phase. Declan finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 8: Declan 
Declan skips his Draw Phase. He finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 9: Yuya 
Yuya skips his Draw Phase. He finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 10: Declan 
Declan skips his Draw Phase. Yuya finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 11: Yuya 
Yuya skips his Draw Phase. He finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 12: Declan 
Declan skips his Draw Phase. He finds and Sets an Action Card.
 Turn 13: Yuya 
Yuya skips his Draw Phase. Yuya and Declan both find Action Cards, and Yuya Sets his first (Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon: 3300 → 6600 ATK, Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon: 3000 → 6000 ATK, Ignition Eagle: 1000 → 2000 ATK, Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon: 2500 → 5000 ATK). "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" attacks "Bright Armageddon", but Declan activates the effect of " D/D Savant Einstein " from his hand as his opponent is declaring an attack, sending it from his hand to the Graveyard to Set a Spell/Trap Card from his hand ("Purple", "Bright", and "Dark Armageddon": 3500 → 7000 ATK). As a monster he controls is attacking, Yuya activates the effect of "Ignition Eagle" Special Summoning a Pendulum Monster from his Pendulum Zone, increasing the attacking monster's ATK by the ATK of the Summoned monster, and placing "Ignition Eagle" in his Pendulum Zone. He Special Summons "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" (Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon: 5000 → 8000 ATK). Declan activates the effect of "Purple Armageddon", returning the ATK of one of Yuya's battling monsters to its original ATK ("Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon": 8000 → 2500 ATK). Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of "Ignition Eagle", banishing all cards in his Pendulum Zones and sending " Performapal " monsters from his Deck to the Graveyard equal to the number of cards in the Spell & Trap Zones, then destroying all cards in the Spell & Trap Zones to increase the ATK of a monster he controls by 500 for each Pendulum Monster he controls until the End of the turn. Yuya sends " Performapal Hip Hippo ", " Performapal Whip Snake ", " Performapal Cheermole ", " Performapal Gongato ", " Performapal Gumgumouton ", " Performapal Lizardraw ", " Performapal Monkeyboard ", " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn ", " Performapal Trumpanda ", and " Performapal Turn Toad " from his Deck to his Graveyard and targets "Odd-Eyes" (Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon: 2500 → 4500 ATK). The attack continues, and the effect of "Purple Armageddon" prevents the destruction of "Bright Armageddon", and the effect of "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" doubles the battle damage as it is battling a Level 5 or higher monster (Declan: 2000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Flip Hippo 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Cheermole 
 Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician 
 Performapal Gongato 
 Performapal Gumgumouton 
 Performapal Ignition Eagle 
 Performapal Lizardraw 
 Performapal Monkeyboard 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Performapal Trumpanda 
 Performapal Turn Toad Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Odd-Eyes Fusion Gate 
 Odd-Eyes Synchro Gate 
 Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate 
 Traps 
 Abysmal Entertainment 
 
 Declan Akaba Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Savant Copernicus 
 D/D Savant Einstein 
 D/D Savant Newton Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Performance Colosseum 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Wonder Chance 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 ปาฏิหาริย์ที่เพ็นดูลัมสร้าง
 
 Trivia 
 Just like with  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL , no opening or ending sequence was played for the finale of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V .
 However, near the end of the episode, the 2nd opening theme " Burn! " was played similar to  5D's  and  ZEXAL  who used their respective 1st opening themes for their ending. 
 In the English Dub  Can you Feel the Power  is played after Zuzu Boyle is revived while the scene where "Burn!" played had sound effects and background music instead. 
 Differences 
 According to "V-Jump" preview for this episode, " D/D/D Flame King Genghis ", " D/D/D Gust King Alexander " and " D/D/D Wave King Caesar " were supposed to be used by  Declan , but they were never used nor did they appear at all. [1] 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/ArcV_148.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170326153740', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes