Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Battle_Royale

This article is about the game structure. For the tournament structure, see  Battle royal (tournament) .      
 A  Battle Royal  (バトル・ロイヤル,  Batoru Roiyaru ) is a game of  Duel Monsters  involving more than 2 sides.
 The rules of a normal  Duel  apply, but a number of changes are made to accommodate multiple players. The following characteristics are common in this kind of Duel:
 
 Each player is each other player's opponent. 
 Players may help or attack other players. 
 Players may cooperate against other players. 
 No player may attack on their first turn. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , no player may  draw  on their first turn either. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , if a player joins an ongoing duel without themselves dueling in progress, their starting  LP  is halved to 2000 as a penalty. Called "Intrusion Penalty"
 If they are dueling each other, they can change their current duel into a Battle Royal if they intruded and the other pair agreed. 
 This type of game has been carried out multiple times in the anime and manga series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 6   Video Games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 From  episode 106  to  episode 107 ,  Nesbitt  Duels  Tristan Taylor ,  Duke Devlin  and  Serenity Wheeler  at once. Despite the fact that Tristan lost, his cards were still on the field and their effects were still applying.
 From  episode 122  to  episode 124 ,  Yugi Muto ,  Joey Wheeler ,  Seto Kaiba  and  Yami Marik  faced each other in a Battle Royal to determine the match-ups for the finals of the  Battle City  tournament.
 In  episode 165 , Valon Duels Rebecca Hawkins and Duke Devlin while using the Battle Royal rules.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 The Duel from  episode 92  featured  Maximillion Pegasus  facing off against  Vellian Crowler  and against  Jean Louis Bonaparte .
 In the episodes from  122  to  130 , Duels in Battle Royal mode occured against the  Duel Ghouls .
 In the episodes  175  and  176 ,  Yusuke Fujiwara  Dueled like this while trying to defeat  Jaden Yuki  and  Jesse Anderson .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In  episode 62   to  episode 64 ,  Rex Goodwin  Duels  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan , with Goodwin starting with 12,000 LP. It is also a  Turbo Duel , even though Goodwin doesn't ride a  Duel Runner  and stands on the top of a temple, but he uses the Turbo Duel rules against his opponents.
 In  episode 86 , when  Yusei Fudo  Dueled against three thugs, the Battle Royal rules are used.
 In  episode 106 ,  Primo 's army of  Ghosts , named " Diablo ", invaded the  WRGP  and began to start Duels in Battle Royal mode with all the contestants present.
 In  episode 139  to  episode 140 ,  Sherry LeBlanc  tricks  Crow Hogan  and  Akiza Izinski  into fighting one another using these rules.
 In  episode 141  to  episode 143 , when  Aporia  Duels against  Jack ,  Leo  and  Luna , the Battle Royal rules are used.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 In  episode 33 , featured  Quattro  facing off against  Caswell Francis  and against  Bronk Stone .
 From  episode 51  to  episode 53 , Duels were carried out using the Battle Royal rules for the  World Duel Carnival  finals aboard the  Duel Coaster .
 In  episode 85 ,  Girag  brainwashed multiple students to attack  Yuma Tsukumo  with a Battle Royal Duel.
 In  episode 87 , the Duel of  Girag ,  Yuma  and  Ray Shadows  utilized the Battle Royal rules.
 From  episode 112  to  episode 117 , the Duels against the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World  were carried out using these rules.
 In  episode 131 , the Duel of  Vector ,  Marin  and  Dumon  is conducted through the Battle Royal rules.
 In  episode 138 , the Duel of  Don Thousand ,  Yuma  and  Nash  is conducted through the Battle Royal.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 24 , the Duel between  Shay Obsidian ,  Dipper O'rion ,  Julia Krystal  and  Kit Blade  used Battle Royal rules, with the latter three cooperating against Shay.
 In  episode 30 ,  Yuya Sakaki  Dueled against four of  Grizzlepike Jones 's friends to retrieve  Gong 's sash.
 In  episode 36 ,  Yuya Sakaki  joins the Duel between  Sora Perse  and  Yuto , turning the Duel into a Battle Royal.
 Between  episodes 42  and  49 , the third round of the Junior Youth division of the  Arc League Championship  was conducted as a Battle Royal. All of  Paradise City  was subject to the " Quartet of Quandry " Action Field, and the goal for each of the sixteen participants was to collect as many " Pendulumstatue "  Pendulum Monsters  as possible within 24 hours. Each participant could not duel another unless they wager such "Pendulumstatue" monsters as per the ante rule. During the Battle Royal,  invaders   from  the  Fusion Dimension  arrived at Paradise City, as predicted by  Declan Akaba ; participants instead ended up dueling those invaders, with those losing being  sealed in cards . 
 In  episode 103 , a Battle Royal started between  Alexis Rhodes  and 3  Juvenile Officers .
 In  episode 136  to  140 , a Battle Royal between  Lancers and Allies against Z-ARC .
 
 Video Games 
 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus ,  Primo  unleashes the  Diablo  army, which attack the player in a fashion similar to the anime. However, instead of engaging in a free-for-all Duel, the player has to dodge the numerous  Ally Salvos  launched by the Ghosts for a set time. Afterwards, Battle Royal mode is available in the race simulator.
 In Battle Royal mode in the video game, top speed and acceleration of the Duel Runner mean next to nothing. The player must survive for a set 90 seconds while dodging the attacks from Ghosts and picking up any items along the way. Accelerating will only move the player further up the screen, while braking does the opposite. Using a booster will allow the player to temporarily outrun the Ghosts and remain unattacked for a few seconds. Rank is determined not by how long the player survives nor how much the player is damaged, but how many items are picked up along the way.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/BattleRoyale-WC11.png/revision/latest?cb=20110417083947']
Categories: Games