Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sora_Perse_(Duel_Links)


 
 Sora Perse 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sora Perse 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jen Silverman 
 
 
 
 Sora Perse  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Sora Perse , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on March 19th, 2022 during his event "Sora Perse is here!". He officially became an unlockable character on April 26th, 2022, in his own dedicated event " A Soldier from the Fusion Dimension: Sora Perse ".
 Red Gate Keys are required to Duel him at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Level 60 
 3.7   Event 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuya Sakaki 
 7.1.2   Zuzu Boyle 
 7.1.3   Gong Strong 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 
 Description 
 A big fan of Yuya's Dueltaining, Sora enrolled You Show Duel School. Though he appeared friendly and innocent - even teaching Zuzu how to Fusion Summon - his sinister side was revealed in his Duel against Shay. Sora was actually a soldier from the Fusion Dimension's Duel Academy. But over time, Yuya and Zuzu convinced Sora to change his ways, and he ultimately switched sides to join them in their battle against Duel Academy.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Sora Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness  x2 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Dokuroyaiba  x3 
 Obese Marmot of Nefariousness  x2 
 Trial of Nightmare  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mystical Sheep 1  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark Energy  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Fusion Guard 
 Level 10 
 
 Duel With Me! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Edge Imp Saw 
 Fluffal Cat  x3 
 Fluffal Mouse  x2 
 Fluffal Octopus  x3 
 Fluffal Rabbit  x3 
 Patchwork Fluffal Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Chimera Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Designer Frightfur  x2 
 Fluffal Crane 
 Level 20 
 
 My Dueltaining Show Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Frightfuloid  x2 
 Edge Imp Sabres  x2 
 Edge Imp Saw  x2 
 Fluffal Cat 
 Fluffal Octopus 
 Fluffal Owl 
 Fluffal Rabbit 
 Fluffal Sheep 
 Fluffal Wings 
 Patchwork Fluffal Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Chimera  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Fusion Conscription 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Frightfur Repair 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Toy Vendor 
 Traps 
 Designer Frightfur 
 Level 30 
 
 Witness My True Power! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Chain  x2 
 Edge Imp Frightfuloid  x2 
 Edge Imp Sabres  x2 
 Edge Imp Saw  x2 
 Fluffal Bear 
 Fluffal Owl  x2 
 Fluffal Sheep 
 Fluffal Wings  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Chimera Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frightfur Factory 
 Frightfur Reborn 
 Polymerization 
 Suture Rebirth 
 Toy Vendor  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 The True Fusion Summoning Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Chain  x2 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Edge Imp Saw 
 Edge Imp Scythe 
 Edge Imp Tomahawk 
 Fluffal Bear 
 Fluffal Dog 
 Fluffal Dolphin 
 Fluffal Leo 
 Fluffal Owl 
 Fluffal Penguin 
 Fluffal Wings Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Chimera 
 Frightfur Daredevil 
 Frightfur Wolf Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frightfur Fusion 
 Frightfur Patchwork 
 Frightfur Reborn 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Toy Vendor  x2 
 Level 60 
 
 I'm More Focused on My Lollypop Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Chain 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Edge Imp Saw  x2 
 Edge Imp Scythe 
 Edge Imp Tomahawk 
 Fluffal Bear 
 Fluffal Dog 
 Fluffal Dolphin 
 Fluffal Owl  x2 
 Fluffal Penguin 
 Fluffal Wings Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Chimera 
 Frightfur Daredevil 
 Frightfur Leo 
 Frightfur Wolf Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frightfur Fusion 
 Frightfur Patchwork 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Suture Rebirth 
 Toy Vendor  x2 
 Event 
 
 My Show Is About to Start! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Chain  x2 
 Edge Imp Sabres  x2 
 Fluffal Bear  x3 
 Fluffal Dog  x3 
 Fluffal Cat  x2 
 Fluffal Owl 
 Fluffal Wings Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Daredevil 
 Frightfur Sabre-Tooth 
 Frightfur Tiger  x2 
 Frightfur Wolf 
 Frightfur Chimera Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frightfur Fusion  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Toy Vendor  x2 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Sora, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Frightfur Tiger "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Frightfur Sheep "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fluffal Crane "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fluffal Leo "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fluffal Bear "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Suture Rebirth "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Battle of the Elements " (event only)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Miraculous Descent " (event only)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Toy Emperor " (event only)
 
 
 R 
 
 " Versago the Destroyer "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mystical Sheep 1 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Thousand Needles "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Mystical Sheep 2 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Frenzied Panda "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Fluffal Owl "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Sora Perse)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Edge Imp Sabres "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Sora Perse)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Frightfur Bear "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: DARK ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Toy Vendor "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Fluffal Owl "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Edge Imp Sabres "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Bear Parade (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Frightfur Bear "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Toy Vendor "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Sora Perse)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Fluffal Owl "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Edge Imp Sabres "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Frightfur Bear "
 
 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 The Most Unbearable Monster
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Frightfur Bear" to your Extra Deck. The following effect can be used before your normal draw and after your Life Points decrease by 1500. Instead of conducting your normal draw, randomly add 1 "Edge Imp Sabres", "Fluffal Bear", "Polymerization", or "Frightfur Fusion" to your hand from outside of your Deck. During the turn this Skill is used, you cannot Special Summon any monsters except "Frightfur" Fusion Monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Bear Parade
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per turn and once per Duel by selecting 1 "Frightfur Bear" you control.
 Select 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard and equip it to this card as an Equip Card. The card equipped counts as having been equipped by the effect of this "Frightfur Bear". 
 During this turn, the selected monster gains an additional attack for each card it has equipped. 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Creatures of Calamity
 
 Can be used on turn 3 and onward. Reveal 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and then send up to 2 Fusion Materials with different names that are listed on its card to your Graveyard. During the turn you use this Skill, you cannot Normal or Special Summon any monsters except "Frightfur" monsters, nor activate the monster effects of monsters other than Fusion Monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Edge Imp Assist
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per Duel.
 Send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Change 1 "Polymerization" in your hand to "Frightfur Fusion". 
 Send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Factory Operation!
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if you have 3 or more Fusion Monsters with different names in your Graveyard. Instead of conducting your normal draw, play 1 face-up "Frightfur Factory" from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fusion Restock
 
 Can be used if you control a Fusion Monster. You can return to the bottom of your Deck 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card that is banished or in your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Patchwork Creation
 
 Can be used from turn 3 onward. Return 1 "Polymerization" and 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand to your Deck, and add 1 "Frightfur Patchwork" from outside of your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Try To Counter My Moves
 
 Select 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster that control. It gains 500 ATK until the end of the turn. Monsters your opponent controls gain 500 ATK during your opponent's next turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Reserves
 
 Can only be used at the beginning of the Main Phase on your 1st turn. Return 3 cards from your hand to your Deck. You can draw 3 cards during your next Draw Phase.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fairy's Smile
 
 If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 1000 Life Points.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin the Duel with the Field Spell "Yami" activated.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random EARTH monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 4 or lower monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 When winning a Duel against  Yuya Sakaki , he says "Wow, Yuya! You pulled out some new moves there!" 
 When losing a Duel against him, he says "Hahaha! Never a boring moment with you, Yuya!" followed by "That's why I enjoy Duelling against you!" 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 When winning a Duel against  Zuzu Boyle , he says "Sigh... You didn't do well at all!" followed by "It's like you forgot everything I taught you." 
 When losing a Duel against her, he says "Wow! You've really upped your game." followed by "It makes me proud to be your teacher." 
 Gong Strong 
 When losing a duel against  Gong Strong , he announces "Wow big brows, you were no nonsense today!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Bear ", he chants " Edge of sharpness and fury of bear! " followed by " When the two come together, you had better beware! " Afterwards, he announces "Here it comes! The most unbearable monster you've ever seen! Frightfur Bear!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Frightfur Bear" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Frightfur Bear" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Bear's effect activates! Frightfur Bear equips the monster it destroyed!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tear 'em up, Frightfur Bear!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Tiger ", he chants " When my monsters become one, you're more than done! " followed by " I Fusion Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Stalking and shredding the jungle! Frightfur Tiger!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "If Frightfur Tiger is Fusion Summoned, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Tiger, pounce!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Daredevil " he announces "Show yourself! Frightfur Daredevil!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Daredevil's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Daredevil! Attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Leo ", he chants " Sharpened steel and ruler of the terrain... " " when the two come together, it will end your reign! " he announces "Let's go! The real steel of the animal kingdom! Frightfur Leo!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Leo's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "You can't escape the leader of the animal kingdom! Take 'em down, Frightfur Leo!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Sabre-Tooth ", he chants " When my monsters become one, you're more than done! " " I Fusion Summon! " Afterwards. he announces "Here's the wild, wicked cat that's all paws, claws, and jaws! Frightfur Sabre-Tooth!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Sabre-Tooth activates when it's Fusion Summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slash! Frightfur Sabre-Tooth! " 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Sheep ", he chants " Chain of destruction, wool of warrior... when the two come together, none are superior! " Afterwards, he announces "Presenting the heavyweight champion sheep of chains! Frightfur Sheep!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Sheep's effect activates when it's destroyed!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "When this card attacks, you can't activate your effects! Go! Frightfur Sheep! 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Wolf " he announces "Join my pack, Frightfur Wolf!"
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Wolf! Attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Chimera ", he chants " Fury of fists, creature of calamity, patron of pain! " " When the three come together, victory is attained! " Afterwards, he announces "Come on out, my mighty mash-up! Frightfur Chimera!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Chimera's effect activates! Now your monster belongs to me!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "When this card attacks, you can't activate your effects! Attack, Frightfur Chimera!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Sabres ", a cut-in frame of Sora's face briefly appears, and he announces "Edge Imp Sabres!"
 When he activates the effect of that monster, Sora says "Edge Imp Sabres' effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Edge Imp Sabres!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Chain " he announces "Edge Imp Chain!"
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, Sora says "Edge Imp Chain's effect activates!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, Sora says "Edge Imp Chain activates when it goes to the Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Edge Imp Chain!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Saw " he announces "Edge Imp Saw!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "When Edge Imp Saw is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Edge Imp Saw, go get'em!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Tomahawk " he announces "Edge Imp Tomahawk!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Edge Imp Tomahawk's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Edge Imp Tomahawk, attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Frightfuloid " he announces "Edge Imp Frightfuloid!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Edge Imp Frightfuloid's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Edge Imp Frightfuloid attacks!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Leo " he announces "Fluffal Leo!"
 When Sora uses the effect of that monster, he announces "Fluffal Leo's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Leo!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Bear " he announces "Here's my cute and furry Fluffal Bear!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Fluffal Bear's effect from my hand!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sora says "I tribute Fluffal Bear to activate its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Bear!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Owl ", he announces "Fluffal Owl!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sora says "When summoned from my hand, Fluffal Owl's effect activates!" 
 When Sora uses the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Fluffal Owl's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fluffal Owl! Attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Dog ", he announces "Fluffal Dog!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Dog's effect activates when it's summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fluffal Dog, fetch!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Cat ", he announces "Fluffal Cat!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Cat activates when it's used to Fusion Summon!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Play with 'em, Fluffal Cat!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Mouse " he announces "Fluffal Mouse!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Mouse's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fluffal Mouse, attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Octopus " he announces "Fluffal Octopus!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Octopus's effect activates when it's summoned!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Octopus activates when it's used to Fusion Summon!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Octopus!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Rabbit " he announces "Fluffal Rabbit!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Since I used Fluffal Rabbit to Fusion Summon, watch this!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fluffal Rabbit attacks!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Sheep " he announces "Check out my barnyard buddy! Fluffal Sheep!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I return a Fluffal to my hand to use Fluffal Sheep's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "This attack's gonna be so cute! Go Fluffal Sheep!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Wings " he announces "Fluffal Wings!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I banish Fluffal wings from my graveyard to play its effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Wings!" 
 When Sora summons " Patchwork Fluffal " he announces "Patchwork Fluffal!"
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Patchwork Fluffal attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Sora activates " De-Fusion " he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, De-Fusion!" 
 When Sora activates " Designer Frightfur " he announces "I activate my Trap, Designer Frightfur!" 
 When Sora activates " Fluffal Crane " he announces "I'll save you! I activate my Trap Card, Fluffal Crane!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Fusion " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Frightfur Fusion!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Factory " he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Frightfur Factory!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Factory's effect!" 
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "Frightfur Factory activates when it's sent to the Graveyard!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Patchwork " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Frightfur Patchwork!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Sanctuary " he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Frightfur Sanctuary!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "Frightfur Sanctuary activates when it goes to the Graveyard!" 
 When Sora activates " Fusion Conscription " he announces "Check out this Spell Card. I activate Fusion Conscription!" 
 When Sora activates " Fusion Fright Waltz " he announces "I activate my Trap, Fusion Fright Waltz!" "This dance card's filling up to two step all over you!" 
 When Sora activates " Fusion Recovery " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Fusion Recovery!" 
 When Sora activates " Polymerization " he announces "Here's my Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Sora activates " Punch-in-the-Box " he announces "I activate the Trap, Punch-in-the-Box!" 
 When Sora activates " Suture Rebirth " he announces "I'll activate my Spell Card, Suture Rebirth!" 
 When Sora activates " Toy Vendor " he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Toy Vendor!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "Toy Vendors effect activates! I wonder what'll drop out!" 
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "Toy Vendor's effect activates when it goes to the Graveyard!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Kraken ", he chantts " Shards of sharpness and bringer of defeat... when the two come together, your heart will skip a beat! " Afterwards, he announces "You're about to face a seafarer's worst nightmare! Frightfur Kraken!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Kraken's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Kraken's dragging you into the deep!" 
 When Sora summons " Dangerous Frightfur Nightmary ", he announces "Here's Dangerous Frightfur Nightmary!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Dangerous Frightfur Nightmary's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dangerous Frightfur Nightmary attacks!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Cruel Whale ", he announces "Rise from the depths, Frightfur Cruel Whale!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Cruel Whale's effect activates when it's Fusion Summoned!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Cruel Whale's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Cruel Whale attacks!" 
 When Sora summons " Frightfur Meister ", he announces "Here's my Pendulum Monster, Frightfur Meister!"
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sora says "Frightfur Meister's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Meister's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Frightfur Meister attacks!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Scythe ", he announces "Edge Imp Scythe!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Edge Imp Scythe's effect from my hand!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Edge Imp Scythe, attack!" 
 When Sora summons " Edge Imp Cotton Eater ", he announces "Here comes the Pendulum Monster, Edge Imp Cotton Eater!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Edge Imp Cotton Eater's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Cotton Eater's effect activates when it's Special Summoned!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Edge Imp Cotton Eater!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Dolphin ", he announces "Fluffal Dolphin!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Fluffal Dolphin's effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Dolphin's effect activates when it's used to Fusion Summon!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Dolphin!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Penguin " he announces "Fluffal Penguin!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "Fluffal Penguin's effect activates!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I used Fluffal Penguin to Fusion Summon a Frightfur!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Penguin!" 
 When Sora summons " Fluffal Angel ", he announces "The Pendulum Monster, Fluffal Angel!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sora says "I activate Fluffal Angel's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Sora declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fluffal Angel!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Reborn " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Frightfur Reborn!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "I banish Frightfur Reborn from my Grave to use its effect!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Repair " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Frightfur Repair!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "I banish Frightfur Repair from my Grave to use its effect!" 
 When Sora activates " Instant Fusion " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Instant Fusion!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur Jar " he announces "I activate my Continous Trap, Frightfur Jar!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "I activate Frightfur Jar's effect!" 
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "Frightfur Jar activates when it's sent to the Graveyard!" 
 When Sora activates " Frightfur March " he announces "I activate my Counter Trap, Frightfur March!" 
 When Sora activates " Toy Parade " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Toy Parade!"
 When activating the effect of this card, Sora says "I banish Toy Parade from my Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 
 
 v e 
Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/SoraPerse-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/177?cb=20220515200022', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Profile-DULI-SoraPerse.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513221319', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Icon-DULI-SoraPerse.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513221417', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Icon-DULI-SoraPerse2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513221504', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/CutIn-DULI-SoraPerse.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513221539', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Summoning-DULI-SoraPerse.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513221629', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Defeat-DULI-SoraPerse.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513221657', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Sora Perse pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters