Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Nekroz_of_Trishula


 
 
 Nekroz of Trishula トリシューラの 影霊衣 
 
 English 
Nekroz of Trishula 
 French 
 Nékroz de Trishula Check translation 
 German 
 Nekroz von Trishula Check translation 
 Italian 
 Nekroz di Trishula Check translation 
 Korean 
 트리슈라의 네크로즈 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Necroz de Trishula Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Necroz de Trishula Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 トリシューラのネクロス Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 トリシューラの影霊衣 Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Torishūra no Nekurosu 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 WATER   
 Types 
 Warrior  /  Ritual  /  Effect 
 Level 
 9   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 2700  /  2000 
 Passcode 
 52068432 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Summon 
 Condition 
 Quick 
 Trigger Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
You can  Ritual Summon  this card with any " Nekroz "  Ritual Spell . Must be Ritual Summoned, without using any  Level  9  monsters . You can only use each of these  effects  of "Nekroz of Trishula"  once per turn . ● When a card or effect is  activated  that  targets  a "Nekroz" monster(s) you  control  ( Quick Effect ): You can  discard  this card;  negate  the activation. ● When this card is Ritual Summoned, you can:  Banish  exactly 3 of your opponent's cards, 1 each from their  hand ,  field , and  GY . (The card in the hand is chosen at  random .) 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Vous pouvez Invoquer Rituellement cette carte avec une Magie Rituelle "Nékroz". Uniquement Invocable Rituellement, sans utiliser des monstres de Niveau 9. Vous ne pouvez utiliser chacun de ces effets de "Nékroz de Trishula" qu'une fois par tour. ● Lorsqu'une carte ou un effet qui cible un ou plusieurs monstres "Nékroz" que vous contrôlez est activé (Effet Rapide) : vous pouvez défausser cette carte ; annulez l'activation. ● Lorsque cette carte est Invoquée Rituellement, vous pouvez : bannissez exactement 3 des cartes de votre adversaire, 1 depuis sa main, 1 depuis son Terrain et 1 depuis son Cimetière. (La carte dans la main est choisie au hasard.) 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Du kannst diese Karte mit einem beliebigen „Nekroz“-Ritualzauber als Ritualbeschwörung beschwören. Muss als Ritualbeschwörung beschworen werden, ohne Monster der Stufe 9 zu verwenden. Du kannst jeden dieser Effekte von „Nekroz von Trishula“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. ● Wenn eine Karte oder ein Effekt aktiviert wird, die oder der ein oder mehr „Nekroz“-Monster, die du kontrollierst, als Ziel wählt (Schnelleffekt): Du kannst diese Karte abwerfen; annulliere die Aktivierung. ● Wenn diese Karte als Ritualbeschwörung beschworen wird, kannst du: Verbanne genau 3 Karten deines Gegners, je 1 von seiner Hand, seiner Spielfeldseite und seinem Friedhof. (Die Karte in der Hand wird zufällig bestimmt.) 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Puoi Evocare tramite Rituale questa carta con qualsiasi Magia Rituale "Nekroz". Deve essere Evocato tramite Rituale, senza utilizzare nessun mostro di Livello 9. Puoi utilizzare ognuno di questi effetti di "Nekroz di Trishula" una sola volta per turno. ● Quando viene attivata una carta o un effetto che sceglie come bersaglio uno o più mostri "Nekroz" che controlli (Effetto Rapido): puoi scartare questa carta; annulla l'attivazione. ● Quando questa carta viene Evocata tramite Rituale, puoi: bandisci esattamente 3 delle carte del tuo avversario, 1 dalla sua mano, 1 dal suo Terreno e 1 dal suo Cimitero. (La carta nella mano viene selezionata a caso.) 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Você pode Invocar este card por Invocação-Ritual com qualquer Magia de Ritual "Necroz". Deve ser Invocado por Invocação-Ritual sem usar quaisquer monstros de Nível 9. Você só pode usar cada um desses efeitos de "Necroz de Trishula" uma vez por turno. ● Quando um card ou efeito for ativado que escolha como alvo um ou mais monstros "Necroz" que você controla (Efeito Rápido): você pode descartar este card; negue a ativação. ● Quando este card for Invocado por Invocação-Ritual, você pode: banir exatamente 3 cards do seu oponente, 1 da mão, 1 do campo e 1 do Cemitério. (O card da mão é selecionado aleatoriamente.) 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Puedes Invocar esta carta por Ritual con cualquier Mágica de Ritual "Necroz". Debe ser Invocada por Ritual sin usar monstruos de Nivel 9. Sólo puedes usar cada uno de estos efectos de "Necroz de Trishula" una vez por turno. ● Cuando es activada una carta o efecto que selecciona a uno o más monstruos "Necroz" que controles (Efecto Rápido): puedes descartar esta carta; niega la activación. ● Cuando esta carta es Invocada por Ritual, puedes: desterrar exactamente 3 cartas de tu adversario, 1 de su mano, 1 de su Campo y 1 de su Cementerio. (La carta en la mano se elige al azar). 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「影霊衣」儀式魔法カードにより降臨。レベル９以外のモンスターのみを使用した儀式召喚でしか特殊召喚できない。このカード名の①②の効果はそれぞれ１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：自分フィールドの「影霊衣」モンスターを対象とする魔法・罠・モンスターの効果が発動した時、このカードを手札から捨てて発動できる。その発動を無効にする。②：このカードが儀式召喚に成功した時に発動できる。相手の手札・フィールド・墓地のカードをそれぞれ１枚選び（手札からはランダムに選ぶ）、その３枚を除外する。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "네크로즈" 의식 마법 카드에 의해 의식 소환. 레벨 9 이외의 몬스터만을 사용한 의식 소환으로밖에 특수 소환할 수 없다. 이 카드명의 ①②의 효과는 각각 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 자신 필드의 "네크로즈" 몬스터를 대상으로 하는 마법 / 함정 / 몬스터의 효과가 발동했을 때, 이 카드를 패에서 버리고 발동할 수 있다. 그 발동을 무효로 한다. ②: 이 카드가 의식 소환에 성공했을 때에 발동할 수 있다. 상대의 패 / 필드 / 묘지의 카드를 각각 1장 고르고(패에서는 무작위로 고른다), 그 3장을 제외한다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-EN015 The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-03 DUPO-EN087 Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-FR015 The Secret Forces Les Forces Secrètes Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-FR087 Duel Power Le Pouvoir du Duel Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-DE015 The Secret Forces The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-DE087 Duel Power Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-IT015 The Secret Forces Le Forze Segrete Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-IT087 Duel Power l Potere del Duello Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2015-02-13 THSF-PT015 The Secret Forces As Forças Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-PT087 Duel Power O Poder do Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-SP015 The Secret Forces Las Fuerzas Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-SP087 Duel Power El Poder del Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP015 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Secret Rare 2020-12-05 SLT1-JP016 Selection 10 ＳＥＬＥＣＴＩＯＮ １０ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR015 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Secret Rare 2021-03-19 SLT1-KR016 Selection 10 셀렉션 텐 Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Nekroz 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Nekroz 
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Ice Barrier 
 Shaddoll 
 
 Actions  
 Discards itself for cost 
 Activates upon Ritual Summon 
 
 Monster / Spell / Trap  categories  
 Negates the activation of Effect Monster's effect 
 Negates the activation of Spell Cards 
 Negates the activation of Trap Cards 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Nomi 
 
 Banished  categories  
 Banishes from your opponent's hand 
 Banishes from your opponent's field 
 Banishes from your opponent's Graveyard 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 11485 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Ice Barrier " 「 氷 結 界 」 Members 
 Blizzed, Defender of the Ice Barrier Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier Dewdark of the Ice Barrier Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Raiho of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Geomancer of the Ice Barrier Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Token Judge of the Ice Barrier Medium of the Ice Barrier Numbing Grub in the Ice Barrier Pilgrim of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Royal Knight of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Samurai of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Trishula, Zero Dragon of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Mirror of the Ice Barrier Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Support 
 Caravan of the Ice Barrier Cryomancer of the Ice Barrier Dai-sojo of the Ice Barrier Dance Princess of the Ice Barrier Defender of the Ice Barrier General Gantala of the Ice Barrier General Grunard of the Ice Barrier General Wayne of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Judge of the Ice Barrier Prior of the Ice Barrier Revealer of the Ice Barrier Sacred Spirit of the Ice Barrier Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier Shock Troops of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier Strategist of the Ice Barrier Warlock of the Ice Barrier Zuijin of the Ice Barrier 
 Freezing Chains of the Ice Barrier Magic Triangle of the Ice Barrier Medallion of the Ice Barrier Terror of Trishula Winds Over the Ice Barrier 
 Related 
 Blizzard Warrior Evilswarm Bahamut Evilswarm Ophion Evilswarm Ouroboros Gishki Noellia Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Trishula Reese the Ice Mistress Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment 
 Battle of the Elements 
 
   
" Nekroz " 「 影霊衣 」 Members 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Support 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Catastor Ally of Justice Decisive Armor Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Construct Fabled Valkyrus Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Emilia Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Mist Bird Clausolas Naelshaddoll Ariel Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth Speaker for the Ice Barriers The Fabled Unicore Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 
   
" Shaddoll " 「シャドール」 Members 
 El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Apkallone El Shaddoll Construct El Shaddoll Grysta El Shaddoll Shekhinaga El Shaddoll Wendigo El Shaddoll Winda Helshaddoll Hollow Naelshaddoll Ariel Nehshaddoll Genius Qadshaddoll Keios Reeshaddoll Wendi Shaddoll Beast Shaddoll Construct Shaddoll Dragon Shaddoll Falco Shaddoll Hedgehog Shaddoll Hound Shaddoll Squamata Shaddoll Zefracore Shaddoll Zefranaga 
 El Shaddoll Fusion Nephe Shaddoll Fusion Purushaddoll Aeon Resh Shaddoll Incarnation Shaddoll Core Shaddoll Fusion Shaddoll Schism 
 Support 
 El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Apkallone El Shaddoll Construct El Shaddoll Grysta El Shaddoll Shekhinaga El Shaddoll Wendigo El Shaddoll Winda Helshaddoll Hollow Naelshaddoll Ariel Nehshaddoll Genius Qadshaddoll Keios Reeshaddoll Wendi Shaddoll Construct Shaddoll Falco Shaddoll Hedgehog Shaddoll Hound Shaddoll Squamata Shaddoll Zefracore Shaddoll Zefranaga 
 Curse of the Shadow Prison El Shaddoll Fusion Nephe Shaddoll Fusion Purushaddoll Aeon Resh Shaddoll Incarnation Shaddoll Core Shaddoll Fusion Shaddoll Schism Sinister Shadow Games 
 Related 
 Apoqliphort Towers Cairngorgon, Antiluminescent Knight Constellar Rasalhague Daigusto Gulldos Darktellarknight Batlamyus Evigishki Mind Augus Evilswarm Kerykeion Gem-Knight Crystal Gem-Knight Lapis Gem-Knight Phantom Quartz Gishki Ariel Gusto Falco Infernoid Devyaty Naturia Beast Nekroz of Trishula Neo Flamvell Hedgehog Pulao, Wind of the Yang Zing Ritual Beast Tamer Wen Ritual Beast Tamer Zefrawendi Ritual Beast Ulti-Pettlephin Satellarknight Sirius Satellarknight Unukalhai Speaker for the Ice Barriers Spiritual Beast Pettlephin Spiritual Beast Tamer Winda Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing Winda, Priestess of Gusto 
 Gem-Knight Fusion 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/60/NekrozofTrishula-DUPO-EN-UR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20200830172706', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918052107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards