Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_157


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 157 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 忍びよる脅威！「謎の来訪者」 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shinobiyoru Kyoui! Nazo No Raihousha 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor 
 
 
 Number 
 157 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 17, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Dark Archetype 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " is the one hundred and fifty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 17, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 23, 2016.
 Having ended his conflict with  Yubel ,  Jaden  returns to  Duel Academy  in order to complete his third and final year there.  Duel Disks  cease to function properly, and a new enemy appears.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Navigation 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden  arrives back at  Duel Academy . In a letter to  his late brother ,  Syrus  narrates recent events. Things have returned to normal.  Jesse ,  Jim  and  Axel  have all returned via boat to their original academy branches.  Vice-Chancellor Bonaparte  and  Marcel  leave Duel Academy to strengthen their relationship as father and son. Syrus reveals that he,  Chazz  and  Blair  were all promoted to  Obelisk Blue .  Hassleberry  declined a promotion, seeing what dorm he is in as irrelevant.
 At the Slifer Red dorm, Jaden is buried in his thoughts. The spirit of  Professor Banner  appears and pesters him, while Jaden questions why Banner's ghost has not yet passed on. Banner responds he's more comfortable this way.  Pharaoh  arrives with a package for Jaden, which contains a red cell phone. Activating it, the person on the other end of the line informs him of something, which Jaden seems intrigued by.
 At the card shop, complaints are coming in about the holographic technology of the  Duel Disks  no longer working. Students begin attempting to return large amounts of cards, thinking they are defective. Chazz and  Alexis  arrive at  Chancellor Sheppard 's office. Sheppard reveals he's called both  Industrial Illusions  and  KaibaCorp  in regards to the cards and the Duel Disks, respectively. With their representatives coming, Sheppard assigns Chazz and Alexis to gather up all the cards that are not working. They state they themselves have not encountered problems.
 On Duel Academy's roof, Chazz and Alexis meet with Syrus, Hassleberry and  Yusuke Fujiwara . Syrus offers to take Hassleberry and gather the defective cards from the  Ra Yellow  dorm. Alexis goes to the Blue dorm, while Chazz and Fujiwara head towards Duel Academy's computer center. It's revealed that Jaden is the sole inhabit of the Red dorm at this point, implying everyone else was promoted. On their way to the Yellow dorm, Syrus asks Hassleberry who Fujiwara is, and the latter responds that he's been one of Syrus' best friends since his first year.
 At the computer center, Chazz also questions who Fujiwara is. The latter's eyes glow red, and he states that they've been friends for three years. He suggests Chazz that go to help Alexis at the Blue dorm, letting him handle the computer system. Chazz agrees and leaves. Fujiwara discovers information about the  Abandoned Dorm , and he thinks it could be the key to finding his "master". Alexis contacts him on his  PDA  and tells him to come to the conference room. Once there, Fujiwara sees a dark aura surrounding the cards, which the others cannot see. He suggests they burn the cards, and the others decline. That night, Fujiwara sneaks into the room where the cards are being held, and burns them.
 The school's sprinkler system and a fire extinguisher wielded by Hassleberry put out the fire, but not before most of the cards are burned. Those that remain still exhibit a dark aura, which rises up and combines, and exits the school. No one appears to be able to see this dark aura but Fujiwara and  Winged Kuriboh . The latter flies off to inform Jaden. Fujiwara arrives at the Abandoned Dorm, but is chased off by the dark aura. Jaden intervenes and tells the aura to show his true form. It comments that he didn't expect any humans to be able to see it. The form changes, and a  dark-clothed figure  appears, who activates a Duel Disk.
 Jaden easily wins the  Duel  in two turns, and his opponent disappears, though he has never seen the man's " Dark Archetype " card before. His voice rings out and states that this is only the beginning, and that they will surely meet again. Jaden questions who Fujiwara is, and the latter's eyes glow red once more as he claims they've known each other for years. Jaden's own eyes change colors - to the same bichromatic style of  Yubel  and he claims Fujiwara's "cheap tricks" won't work on him.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 Turn 1: Trueman 
Trueman draws " Dark Archetype " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/400) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Sets a card. Jaden then  activates  " Polymerization "  to fuse " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " with " Elemental Hero Avian " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Mariner " (1400/1000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " De-Fusion " to return "Mariner" to the Extra Deck and Special Summon "Bubbleman" (800/1200) and "Avian" (1000/1000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Jaden then  Tributes  both of his monsters in order to Tribute Summon " Elemental Hero Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. 
 "Neos" attacks "Dark Archetype", but Trueman activates his face-down " Zero Gazer " to reduce the  ATK  of "Dark Archetype" to 0 ("Dark Archetype": 1400 → 0/400). "Neos" then destroys "Dark Archetype" (Trueman 4000 → 1500). After damage calculation, the last effect of "Zero Gazer" allows Trueman to draw one card. Since "Dark Archetype" was destroyed in battle, its effect activates, allowing Trueman to send " Familiar Knight " and " Zure, Knight of Dark World " from his hand to the Graveyard and  Special Summon  " Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World " (2500/1800) in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: Trueman 
Trueman draws " Axe of Despair " and subsequently activates it, equipping the latter to "Reign-Beaux" and increasing its ATK by 1000 ("Reign-Beaux": 2500 → 3500/1800).
 "Reign-Beaux" attacks "Neos", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Shield " and equips the latter to "Neos". Jaden then sends "Hero Shield" to the Graveyard in order to prevent "Neos" from being destroyed (Jaden 4000 → 3000). The last effect of "Hero Shield" then activates, allowing Jaden to draw one card (as he took 1000 Battle Damage).
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates " Neo Space ". Now "Neos" and Fusion Monsters that list "Elemental Hero Neos" as a Fusion Material Monster will gain 500 ATK ("Neos": 2500 → 3000/2000). Jaden then activates " Neos Force ", equipping it to "Neos" and increasing its ATK by 800 ("Neos": 3000→ 3800/2000). Now if "Neos" destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Trueman will take damage equal to his destroyed monster's ATK. "Neos" attacks and destroys "Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World" (Trueman 1500 → 1200). The second effect of "Neos Force" activates (Trueman 1200 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 "Defective" cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Charcoal Inpachi 
 Gagagigo 
 Inpachi 
 Effect Monsters 
 B.E.S. Tetran 
 Berserk Gorilla 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress 
 Gilford the Legend 
 Goblin King 
 Familiar-Possessed - Hiita 
 Jinzo 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 Marauding Captain 
 Mermaid Knight 
 Rescue Cat 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 T.A.D.P.O.L.E. 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Lycanthrope Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 D.3.S. Frog  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Boss Rush 
 Cost Down 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Des Croaking 
 Divine Sword - Phoenix Blade 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Nobleman of Extermination 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Scapegoat 
 Wild Nature's Release 
 Traps 
 Backfire 
 Beckoning Light 
 Des Counterblow 
 DNA Surgery 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Riryoku Field 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Spirit Barrier 
 Staunch Defender 
 Trap Hole 
 Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 
 Duel Shop Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Opticlops 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fenrir  x2 
 Pyramid Turtle 
 Rigorous Reaver  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Messenger of Peace  x2 
 Premature Burial 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Traps 
 Tragedy 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Mariner Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Neo Space 
 Neos Force 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Shield 
 
 Trueman Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Archetype 
 Familiar Knight 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Traps 
 Zero Gazer 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Little-Winguard Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Trap Hole 
 Navigation 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/Series157.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121117044728']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes