Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bandit_Keith_(Duel_Links)


 
 Bandit Keith 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bandit Keith 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 バンデット・キース 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Bandit Keith Deck US Champ's Tryouts US Champ's Machines US Champ's 6 Blasters US Champ's Elite Machine Rogue Machines Mechanical Technique Graveyard Gunfire 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hajime Komada 
 
 
 
 Bandit Keith  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Bandit Keith , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for defeating  Legendary Duelists  50 times.
 Red  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Bandit Keith at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 
 4.3.1   Level 20 
 4.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.4   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 4.4.1   Blue-Eyes Cup 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unsused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Intercontinental champion Bandit Keith has no qualms about using underhanded tactics to steal the win. His signature monster " Barrel Dragon " has an effect that enables it to destroy his opponent's card.
 
 Biography 
 Immediately after the player claims the reward for Bandit Keith's appropriate Character Unlock Mission, they will encounter Bandit Keith for the first time. He remarks to himself that this is the Duel World that the "Kaibacorp dweeb" created, before declaring that Kaiba's a fool; he can't believe that he can Duel all he want in Duel World for free, saying that he himself would charge a "bazillion." Bandit Keith then reveals that he's not interested in becoming the Duel World King, unless there's a cash prize involved, whereupon he reasons that there should be a "ransom of riches" for the Duel World King. Even if there isn't, he continues, he can steal the data in this world and sell it to the highest bidder. He then chuckles, before bursting into arrogant laughter.
 Until the player defeats Bandit Keith for the first time, whenever they challenge Bandit Keith to a Duel, he will first chuckle, and then state the player must be joking, before rhetorically asking the player if they really think they can beat a genius like him. He goes on to exclaim that they don't need to Duel, as even the player knows that Bandit Keith is going to beat him to a pulp. He then tells the player to face facts - they're getting "thumped," before laughing and then telling the player, "Step right up to get smacked down!"
 Until the player manages to defeat Bandit Keith at least once, whenever they lose to him, Bandit Keith will declare this is why he's the champ and the player is the chump, as the player is a "dweeb" who doesn't have either the cards or the tactics to take him down. He then chuckles, before revealing to the player that although he sometimes cheats to win, he didn't need to in their Duel since the player was incredibly weak, concluding his dialogue in laughter.
 Upon Bandit Keith's first defeat, he initially seems to downplay his loss, before suddenly blaming Kaiba - he would have won if Kaiba hadn't "rigged" the rules against him. He then swears that he'll show "all you punks" that he'll get the last laugh, concluding his dialogue in laughter.
 After the player redeems their final unclaimed reward for Bandit Keith's Character Unlock Missions, they will encounter Bandit Keith again, who asks the player if they've ever risked everything they cherish - their dreams, their cards, or even their life. He then explains that he only asks this because he himself has, which taught him a real lesson: if you aren't willing to risk everything, then you're worth nothing. He promises he'll never be worth nothing, which is why the player has no clue what he'll do to reach the top, such as him using " Barrel Dragon " (which he shows to the player). He then chuckles, asking the player how it feels for them to be in the  sights  of "Barrel Dragon", before bursting into laughter.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Bandit Keith Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bat  x3 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Megasonic Eye  x3 
 Slot Machine 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon  (glossy) 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 US Champ's Tryouts Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bat  x3 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Killer Needle  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto #1  x2 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Stop Defense  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 US Champ's Machines Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Roboyarou  x3 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 US Champ's 6 Blasters Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon 
 Blowback Dragon  x3 
 Heavy Mech Support Platform  x2 
 Twin-Barrel Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Second Coin Toss  x3 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 US Champ's Elite Machine Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Ground Attacker Bugroth  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon 
 Blowback Dragon  x2 
 Twin-Barrel Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
 Second Coin Toss  x2 
 Traps 
 Rare Metalmorph  x3 
 Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "7 Completed" (Once per Duel, Bandit Keith can add " 7 Completed " to his hand before his  normal draw .)
 
 
 Rogue Machines Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Ground Attacker Bugroth  x2 
 Holograh  x3 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Triple 7" (Once per turn, Bandit Keith can add " 7 Completed " to his hand before his  normal draw . He can use this effect up to 3 times per Duel.)
 
 
 Mechanical Technique (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Guardian of the Throne Room  x3 
 Overdrive 
 Effect Monsters 
 Adhesive Explosive 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Sergeant Electro  x3 
 Twin-Barrel Dragon  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Metalmorph  x2 
 Rare Metalmorph  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Blue-Eyes Cup 
 Skill: "Double Sided Coin" (All coins will be flipped heads.)
 
 
 Graveyard Gunfire Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mechanicalchaser  x3 
 Pendulum Machine  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon  x3 
 Blowback Dragon  x3 
 Twin-Barrel Dragon  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Card Advance  x3 
 Traps 
 Proton Blast  x3 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Bandit Keith reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " The Secret of the Bandit "
 
 
 4
 
 Switcheroo ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Bandit Keith)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Jinzo #7 "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Bandit Keith)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Pendulum Machine "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Machine Conversion Factory "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Sleight of Hand ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Smoke Grenade of the Thief "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Sonic Jammer "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " A-Team: Trap Disposal Unit "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Restart ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Overdrive "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Machine Conversion Factory "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Metalmorph "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Bandit Keith)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Paralyzing Potion "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Machine Duplication "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " 7 Completed "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Time Machine "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Bandit Keith)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Proton Blast "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Bandit Keith, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Barrel Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Heavy Mech Support Platform "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Second Coin Toss "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Reload "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Stim-Pack "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Rare Metalmorph "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Warrior of Zera "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ground Attacker Bugroth "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Overdrive "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Oilman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Goblin Thief "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Metalzoa "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Zoa "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Launcher Spider "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Switcheroo
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card in your hand to your Deck and draw another. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Sleight of Hand
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Add 1 " 7 Completed " card, hidden in your wristband, to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Baggy Sleeves
 
 If your Level 7 or higher monster is destroyed by battle, your normal draw in the next Draw Phase becomes 2 cards. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Cheater's Coin
 
 If your Life Points are at least 1000 more than your opponent's, and if you have at least 5 cards in your hand, your coin tosses always land on heads.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Bandit
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1500 or below. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck. Then, select 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone and steal it. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Joey Wheeler 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler , Keith announces "You're challenging me, dweeb?" followed by "Heh. A nice little warm-up match might do me some good."
 When he wins the Duel, Keith says "I knew you were a Dueling dog begging for scraps!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Keith says "He beat me? He actually won?" followed by "This Duel doesn't count! Nobody makes a monkey outta me!" 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 When starting a Duel with  Maximillion Pegasus , Keith announces "You've humiliated me before, but you'll never humiliate me again!"
 When he wins the Duel, Keith says "You're down for the ten count!" followed by "Hand over the prize money!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Keith says "Pegasus! How dare you make a fool outta Bandit Keith!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Keith Summons " Barrel Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Bandit Keith briefly appears, and he announces "You won't be able to survive this kind of firepower!" followed by "Here comes Barrel Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Barrel Dragon" during that Duel, a cut-in scene of "Barrel Dragon" being Summoned is played afterwards.
 Most of the time when attacking with that monster, he announces "Pulverize that punk!" followed by "Barrel Dragon, attack!" 
 When Keith activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Barrel Dragon's effect activates!" followed by Proton Blast!" 
 When Keith Summons " Fiendish Engine Ω ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "Go, Fiendish Engine Ω!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fiendish Engine Ω, attack!" 
 When Keith activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Fiendish Engine Ω's effect activates!" 
 When Keith Summons " Launcher Spider ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "Go, Launcher Spider!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Launcher Spider!" followed by "Shock Rocket Attack!" 
 When Keith Summons " Machine King ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "Take the crown, Machine King!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Machine King attacks!" followed by "Jet Punch!" 
 When Keith Special Summons " Metalzoa ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "C'mon, Metalzoa! Check out its paint job!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Metalzoa!" followed by "Hardened Glimmer Strike!" 
 When Keith Summons " Slot Machine ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "Time to test your luck!" followed by "Slot Machine!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Slot Machine!" 
 When Keith Summons " Zoa ", a cut-in frame of Keith's face briefly appears, and he announces "Heheheh... Go, Zoa!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Zoa attacks!" 
 When Keith Summons " Mechanicalchaser ", he announces "Meet Mechanicalchaser!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Mechanicalchaser!" 
 When Keith Summons " Pendulum Machine ", he announces "I got a well-oiled machine all ready for ya!" followed by "Pendulum Machine!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Pendulum Machine's goin' into overdrive!" followed by "Slashing Blade Attack!" 
 When Keith Summons " Blast Sphere " he announces "Go, Blast Sphere!"
 When Keith activates the effect of that monster, he announces "You're gonna get blown up!" followed by "Blast Sphere's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Trap 
 When Keith activates " 7 Completed ", he announces "I activate my Spell, 7 Completed!" 
 When Keith activates " Metalmorph ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Metalmorph!" 
 When Keith activates " Shield & Sword " he announces "I activate the Spell, Shield & Sword!" 
 When Keith activates " Stop Defense ", he announces "Heheheh... I activate my Spell! Stop Defense!" 
 When Keith activates " Time Machine ", he announces "My Trap Card activates, Time Machine!" 
 Unsused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Keith Summons " The Wicked Eraser " he announces "When you see what I got in store for you, you'll bow down on your knees!" followed by "The Wicked Eraser!"
 Most of the time when Keith declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack you with The Wicked Eraser!" followed by "Digestive Breath!" 
 When Keith activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Wicked Eraser's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Keith activates " Ring of Destruction ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Ring of Destruction!" 
 Trivia 
 Most of Bandit Keith's  Skills  are based on his tendency to cheat during his Duels in the anime. 
 The inclusion of " The Wicked Eraser " as card-specific dialogue references Keith's usage of the card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  manga. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) , Bandit Keith,  The Paradox Brothers ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Yubel ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Luna ,  Carly Carmine ,  Antinomy , and  Yuma and Astral  are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor , Bandit Keith,  Ishizu Ishtar ,  Odion ,  Maximillion Pegasus ,  Arkana ,  Espa Roba ,  Scud ,  Prana ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , Syrus Truesdale, and  Sartorius Kumar  are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) , and  Duke Devlin 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton , Syrus Truesdale,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo  and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Bandit Keith  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/BanditKeith-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180820141309', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/Profile-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306182615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Icon-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301163742', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Icon-DULI-BanditKeith2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301172833', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/Chibi-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828133442', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/CutIn-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314153922', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Summoning-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315165344', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Defeat-DULI-BanditKeith.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307142201', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bandit Keith pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters