Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Marik.png

For other versions of this character, see  Marik Ishtar (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Marik Ishtar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Namu Maric Ishutarl ( bunkoban ) Malik Ishtar 
 
 
 Japanese   
 マリク・イシュタール 
 
 
 Korean   
 마리크 이슈타르 
 
 
 Arabic   
 مِريك إشتار 
 
 
 Filipino   
 Malik Ishtar 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 December 23 [1] 
 
 
 Age 
 16 [1] 
 
 
 Height 
 180 cm (5'11 ) [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 55 kg (121 lbs) [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 B [1] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Koshary [1] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Meat dish [1] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (older sister) Odion  (adoptive older brother) Mr. Ishtar  (father; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) Mrs. Ishtar  (mother; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Tomb Keeper 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Rare Hunters 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Runner up     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Machine  (through  Bandit Keith ) Slime/Slifer (through  Strings ) Burn  (through  Joey Wheeler ) Immortality/Torture (as  Yami Marik ) 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Keeper's Judgment Roar of Ra Dark Destroyer 
 
 
 WC 2004 
 Darkness 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 50: " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Game Boy Color  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship 2005 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2004 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Jonathan Todd Ross Taaz Gill (Marik, Singapore) Brian Zimmerman 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Tetsuya Iwanaga Akiko Kimura (child) 
 
 
 German  
 Charles Rettinghaus 
 
 
 Italian  
 Patrizio Prata 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 José Parisi Jr (Brazil) Thiago Zambrano (Yu-Gi-Oh!, 2nd Voice)  (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Rafa Romero (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Michael Punzalan 
 
 
 
 Marik Ishtar  (マリク・イシュタール  Mariku Ishutāru  lit. "Malick Ishtar") is the leader and founder of the  Rare Hunters , younger brother of  Ishizu Ishtar , the adoptive younger brother of  Odion , and heir to the  Tomb Keepers . Marik was the main antagonist of the  Battle City  arc, until the defeat of  Odion  when Marik's split-personality,  Yami Marik , took over his body and replaced him as the main antagonist. Marik was eventually able to regain control of his body and destroy his other self once and for all, redeeming himself in the process.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Battle City Finals 
 2.4   Pharaoh's Memories 
 2.5   Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Marik linework.     
 Marik's initial outfit consists of purple hooded robes with the  Eye of Anubis  on it, and a long purple cape with a gold chain at the front. He wears golden earrings, three bands of neckwear, an armband on each arm, and five bracelets on each arm starting from close to his elbows down to his wrists. He has dark skin, purple eyes and white-gold hair that occasionally appears as more light gray hair, especially in the Battle City tournament and at night.
 When he arrived in Domino City, he wore a sleeveless light purple hoodie with two gold chains on the front, black pants, and black shoes. While in  Battle City , he acquires a  KaibaCorp Duel Disk  on his left arm. In the manga, his pants are beige and he wears a black tank top underneath his hoodie, which would come to be the clothes his split personality would wear, minus the hoodie. The anime goofs with Marik's civilian outfit, by giving him black pants. When Yami Marik takes over, he is correctly shown wearing beige pants.
 When he was switched with Dark Marik as his sacrifice during his battle against Yami Yugi, he wears the outfit that Dark Marik wore but he removes the purple cloak before he destroys his dark self in the shadow game. 
 Throughout Season 5, Marik eventually changed in a steel blue shirt with a black vest over it, two black and gold bracelets, light gray pants, and black shoes.
 
 Personality 
 As a child, Marik was an innocent boy who desired to see the outside world, despite his clan's laws forbidding him from doing so, and was willing to sneak out to fulfill his desire. He cared for his sister  Ishizu Ishtar  very much and considered  Odion  to be his brother, despite not being blood related.
 Marik bore a grudge towards  the Pharaoh  because he was forced by  his own father  to guard the family's carving with his life via a ritual of having carvings (in the anime's Japanese version and the original manga) or tattoos (in the anime's dub) onto his back which brought intense pain during and after the ritual and robbed him of his freedom. 
 With the excruciating pain and his resentment towards the Pharaoh, he spawned his second personality  Yami Marik  to deal with the pain. A year later when his father brutally tortured Odion for helping Marik and Ishizu to sneak outside, Marik was unconscious while Yami Marik killed his father and woke up with no recollection of his father's murder. Immediately afterwards, he sees a loyalist to the Pharaoh,  Shadi , had come to warn him about the dangerous path he had taken. Marik thought that Shadi had murdered his father, leading to Marik's betrayal of the clan to get revenge against the Pharaoh (this aspect is removed from the dub).
 While leading the  Rare Hunters  in his quest for revenge and freedom, Marik became cruel and uncaring, willing to use the Millennium Rod to brainwash people to do his bidding, forcing them to steal, cheat, and use cruelty on his behalf. The victims included  Bandit Keith  and  Strings . He was not above using death to punish his subordinates for failure, such as  Arkana  and  Lumis , nor did he care about sacrificing Rare Hunters to test fake " The Winged Dragon of Ra " cards which produced severe injuries and death. He even threatened his sister Ishizu with the  Millennium Rod  for getting in his way and ordered Odion to use the fake Ra card against his will. He still retained his love for his family, despite his mistreatment of them.
 
 Etymology 
 His given name "Marik" is derived from the Arabic name  Malik  (مالك  Mālik ), meaning "owner" or "holder". It was likely also influenced by the distinct Arabic title "Malik" (ملك  Malik ), which means "king". The use of "r" rather than "l" comes from the two consonants being represented by the same speech sound in Japanese, and the dub opting to localize it as an "r". He retains the name "Malik" in the Filipino and Indonesian versions.
 His surname "Ishtar" comes from  Ishtar , a  Mesopotamian  goddess of fertility, love, war, and sex.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Marik's family guarded the tomb of the Pharaoh for generations and two  Millennium Items  (the  Millennium Rod  and  Millennium Necklace ) were passed on to Marik and his sister  Ishizu Ishtar . Marik was forbidden to leave the Pharaoh's tomb due to his  father 's fear that the freedom and marvels of the outside world would further divert Marik's attention from his heritage. Marik no longer wanted to become a Tombkeeper, so his adoptive brother  Odion Ishtar  asked if he could take Marik's place but Marik's father rejected the thought of Odion taking Marik's place. When Marik was forced to take the initiation ritual to become a full Tombkeeper, Marik spawned his second personality  Yami Marik  from the pain he endured. A year later, Marik and Ishizu took a forbidden trip to the surface but their father found out and attempted punish Odion, for not stopping Marik and Ishizu, by killing him. In the midst of his father's torturing Odion, Marik blanked out and his second personality Yami Marik emerged for the first time to resist his father's punishment and stole the Millennium Rod for himself. Ignoring his father's orders to put it down, Yami Marik used its powers to hold him against the wall. When Ishizu protested, she suffered the same strike. Yami Marik then proceeded to kill his father with the Rod's short blade (this part was cut out from the dub). After Yami Marik was sealed away in Marik's body by Odion, Marik believed that the Pharaoh had ordered the loyalist  Shadi  to kill his father, due to Odion saying Shadi had killed him, trying to be a big brother and hiding from Marik that it was actually his alter ego who had done so. This increased Marik's grudge and resentment to the Pharaoh, causing him to leave and start the Rare Hunters.
 As a teenager, Marik was the leader of the  Rare Hunters  organization and he uses the Millennium Rod to obtain the three  Egyptian God Cards  so that he could take their powers, gain the title of "Pharaoh" and set his family free from the duty of the Tombkeepers (In the dub, he wants the Pharaoh's power for himself and use it to rule the world). He also has a second agenda, to get revenge on the  Nameless Pharaoh 's soul for killing his father as he mistakenly believed that it was the Pharaoh's fault. Although he and his Rare Hunters uncovered " The Winged Dragon of Ra " and " Slifer the Sky Dragon " from where  Maximillion Pegasus  had hidden them, they were unable to get " Obelisk the Tormentor ", which was taken by Ishizu and given to  Seto Kaiba .
 
 Battle City 
 During  Battle City , Marik and his Rare Hunters hacked into Battle City's computer system and entered themselves in the tournament. After the Pharaoh defeated  the weakest Rare Hunter , Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over the Rare Hunter's body to introduce himself to the Pharaoh. After the Pharaoh defeated  Arkana , Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over Arkana's body to explain his goals to  Yugi Muto . While arriving at Domino City, Marik used the Millennium Rod to have  a Rare Hunter  use Slifer against the Pharaoh to win the Millennium Puzzle from him. Marik has a huge advantage against the Pharaoh, with him using the Egyptian God card " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". Using a five-card combo involving "Slifer", " Revival Jam ", " Infinite Cards ", " Jam Defender ", and " Card of Safe Return ", Strings puts Yami in a tight situation. Every time he attacks, Strings can redirect the attack to "Revival Jam", which regenerates itself after being destroyed and thanks to "Card of Safe Return", he draws three cards from his Deck whenever this happens and because of "Infinite Cards", he can hold as many cards as he wants. With Slifer's ATK and DEF proportional to the number of cards its controller holds, and with "Revival Jam" able to absorb and reform from any attack Yugi is able to make with the aid of "Jam Defender", Marik boasts the strategy is unbeatable.
 Yami is just about to give up until Kaiba arrives and encourages him to fight on. The two manage to figure out the weakness of this combo and turn it against Marik. Yami attacks "Revival Jam" with " Buster Blader ", and then uses " Brain Control " to take control of "Revival Jam" as it regenerates so it regenerates under his control, forcing "Slifer" to attack it with its second mouth. Then "Revival Jam" is destroyed and regenerates, forcing Strings to draw three more cards due to "Card of Safe Return". Then "Slifer" must attack "Revival Jam" again, since it reformed under Yami's control, destroying it and allowing it to regenerate again, and forcing Strings to continue drawing due to "Card of Safe Return". This continues in a never-ending loop until Strings' Deck is empty, much to Marik's anger, and inability to stop the loop and thus he loses the Duel through a Deck Out. Yami subsequently gets "Slifer the Sky Dragon" for his victory. 
 When he was getting ready to brainwash  Joey Wheeler ,  Yami Bakura  stood in his way, telling him to hand over the Rod. Instead, they made a deal where if Bakura obtains Slifer for him by defeating Yami Yugi, he would give him the Millennium Rod. Yami Bakura then stabbed himself in the arm and gave control back to his host,  Bakura Ryou . Marik then showed the injured Bakura to Joey, Solomon, and Téa, gaining their trust and taking the guise of Namu. While Kaiba and the Pharaoh Dueled  Lumis and Umbra , Marik used his Millennium Rod to brainwash  Joey Wheeler  and  Téa Gardner . After Kaiba used Obelisk to defeat Umbra, Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over Lumis's body and brag about having Yugi's friends. Having a Rare Hunter hold Téa hostage, the deadly Duel between the Pharaoh and Joey went through. In the midst of the Duel, Yugi took over for the Pharaoh much to Marik's anger, as he wanted to see the Pharaoh's demise instead of his teenage vessel's. When Marik forced Joey with the Millennium Rod's full power, Joey was able break free with his willpower.
 Marik, Bakura and Odion took places in the quarter-finals. Marik took the guise of Namu while Odion pretended to be "Marik" as nobody had actually met Marik in person and known his true name. Yami Bakura and Yami Yugi were the first ones to Duel in the quarterfinals; throughout the Duel, whenever it seemed Yami Bakura would lose, Marik would insist that he should take control of the Duel, much to Yami Bakura's annoyance. Once Yami Yugi had Summoned "Slifer the Sky Dragon", Marik had Odion appear and pretend to release Bakura Ryou from Yami Bakura's control (while in reality Yami Bakura simply did it himself). This was in an attempt to have Yami Yugi lose the Duel, as he wouldn't attack and thus fatally injure Bakura Ryou. However, deciding he needs his host, Yami Bakura regains control of Bakura Ryou and lets "Slifer" attack. Following this, Téa, partly under Marik's control, kept the Millennium Ring.
 During Odion's Duel against Joey, Marik has Odion use a counterfeit Ra card in his quarter-final against Joey. When Joey suspected that he was not Dueling the real Marik, as Odion had been Dueling with honor while Marik was cruel, sadistic and, as far as Joey is concerned, a dirty cheater, Marik ordered Odion to use the counterfeit Ra to "show" he's Marik but Ra was angered by this and wrathfully struck both Duelists with lightning, ultimately rendering Odion and Joey unconscious. After Joey defeated Odion, the latter reveals to the Pharaoh and Joey that he is really Marik's servant while Marik began to suffer sudden headaches. After Odion was further rendered unconscious, Marik revealed himself to the Pharaoh, Joey, Kaiba, Téa,  Tristan Taylor ,  Duke Devlin ,  Mokuba Kaiba ,  Serenity Wheeler  and  Mai Valentine . Suddenly, Marik cried out in pain as his darker personality gained control of his body. 
 
         Marik controlling Téa in order to speak to Ishizu.     
 While Ishizu Dueled Kaiba in the fourth quarter-final match, Marik tried to call out to Ishizu but his dark personality trapped Marik in a "prison" built out of his own fear and pity. Through Tea's mind, Marik listened to Ishizu's story of how he became evil and created his darker side, thus beginning to reform himself. After the quarter-finals, his reformed soul confronted his other self, claiming that he would make up for everything he had done and apologizing to his father, before a Duel with him. In this Duel, Marik teamed up with Yami Bakura to stop him, but failed when Yami Marik used Ra's other abilities, which were unknown to Marik. However, Marik (through Téa) warned Ishizu to hide Odion from Yami Marik in order to save his life.
 
 Battle City Finals 
In the final Duel between Yami Marik and the Pharaoh, their weaker selves were the victims of the  Shadow Game  being played. As the Duel went on, Yami Marik became the dominant host of Marik's body while the real Marik's soul slowly faded out of existence. This Shadow Game gave him a clear edge, for when the Pharaoh lost  Life Points , Yugi's body would fade away, and when Yami Marik lost Life Points, the original Marik would fade away. As Marik realizes his mistakes of making people suffer, he speaks out through Téa, begging the Pharaoh for his forgiveness and asking him to defeat Yami Marik, even if it meant he would go to the Shadow Realm. While they Dueled, Odion woke up and made Marik realize he had to accept his responsibility for being a Tombkeeper. With this confidence, Marik overpowered his evil self and made him the victim of the Shadow Game, and then forfeited, destroying Yami Marik. Marik gave the Pharaoh the Millennium Rod and the Ra card.         Marik's carving/tattoo of the Pharaoh's memory.      Marik then revealed the Tombkeeper's initiation. The carving of the pharaoh's memory onto the back of a tomb guardian on his back. Fulfilling his duty as a Tombkeeper, Marik returned to Egypt to start a new life with his sister and Odion.
 Pharaoh's Memories 
 In the  Pharaoh's Memories  arc, Marik, Ishizu, and Odion lead Yugi and his friends to the Tablet of Memories, so Yami Yugi may enter the Memory World and regain his memory.
 
         Marik's appearance in  Dawn of the Duel     
 Ceremonial Battle 
Marik, Ishizu, and Odion lead Yugi and his friends to the tomb of the Pharaoh in order for Yugi and  Atem  to have a final Duel in order to determine whether Atem will move on to the afterlife or remain in the present. Atem loses, allowing him to pass on to the afterlife. After he left, the Millennium Items sank into the ground and the tomb collapsed. Marik and the others managed to escape and Marik and his family end up staying in Egypt. 
 Other appearances 
 Marik Ishtar (manga) Marik Ishtar ( Millennium Duels ) Marik Ishtar (Duel Links) 
 Deck 
 Main articles:  Marik Ishtar's Decks  and  Yami Marik's Decks 
 Marik's own Deck is only shown once in a Duel, before Yami Marik modifies it prior to his second Duel. Marik himself uses several Decks while controlling the bodies of others through his  Millennium Rod .
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth  profile;  File:Gospel of Truth - Marik Ishtar profile.jpg   (Japanese) 
 
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 v e 
 Marik Ishtar  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Marik.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20220104105605', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/MalikConceptart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150331104904', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Marik_possessing_Anzu_to_speak_to_his_sister_.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20211103215231', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/Marik%27sBack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20070708214713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Reformed_marik.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110504203804', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Marik_Ishtar_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/170?cb=20150330174325', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/MarikIshtarMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/103?cb=20190602124251', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/MarikIshtar-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/91?cb=20180106234644', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Marik Ishtar pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters