Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:YamiMarik-DULI.png

For other versions of this character, see  Yami Marik (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Dark Malick 
 
 
 Other   
 Yami Malik Dark Malik 
 
 
 Japanese   
 闇 マリク 闇マリク やみマリク Rōmaji: ( Yami Mariku ) 
 
 
 Arabic   
 مالك عشتار 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Height 
 180 cm 
 
 
 Weight 
 55 kg 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Koshary 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Meat dish 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Marik Ishtar  (original personality) Ishizu Ishtar  (older sister) Odion  (adoptive older brother) Mr. Ishtar  (father; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) Mrs. Ishtar  (mother; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Runner up     
 
 
 Team 
 Mad Moment ( WC 2008 ) 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Immortality/Torture 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 God Phoenix 
 
 
 WC 2004 
 Low Level, High ATK 
 
 
 WC 2007 
 Roar of Ra Keeper's Judgment 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 Something Hidden Black Hole Force 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 89: " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Color  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship Tournament 2004 Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 
 
 GameCube  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Jonathan Todd Ross Brian Zimmerman  (Singapore) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Tetsuya Iwanaga Akiko Kimura (child) 
 
 
 German  
 Klaus Dieter Klebsch 
 
 
 Italian  
 Patrizio Prata 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 José parisi jr (Yu-Gi-Oh!) (Brazil) Raul Schlosser (Yu-Gi-Oh!, 2nd Voice) (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Rafa Romero (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Michael Punzalan 
 
 
 
 Yami Marik , known as  Dark Marik  in the manga and Japanese versions, is  Marik Ishtar 's second personality created by his own inner hatred and pain. He serves as the main antagonist of the  Battle City Finals  arc after  Odion  falls into a coma, triggering his possession of Marik's body. 
 Unlike  Yami Yugi  and  Yami Bakura , Yami Marik did not originate as an entity sealed within a  Millennium Item , but instead was spawned from the trauma Marik endured after being horrifically mutilated by his own father and sentenced to guard the pharaoh's tomb for the rest of his life.  
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 2.1.1   Birth 
 2.1.2   Battle City 
 2.1.3   Virtual World 
 2.1.4   Battle City finals 
 2.1.5   Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Yami Marik's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the Duelist in full regalia from front, side and rear views and alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 
 Upon first awakening in the anime, he was wearing the original outfit of Marik, including a light purple sleeveless hoodie, black pants and black shoes, but wore most of his normal clothes underneath the hoodie in the manga. Yami Marik's usual outfit consists of a long purple cape with a gold chain, and the black sleeveless tank top and beige pants from the manga, making the whereabouts of his new clothes a trivial mystery. He wears golden earrings, neckwear, armbands and bracelets. His hair is spiked upwards and points in all directions, though he retains the same wing-like fringes of Marik's hair, and since he picked up the  Millennium Rod , which he keeps in his belt while not carrying it, he bears the  Eye of Anubis  on his forehead. After he defeats  Yami Bakura , he takes the  Millennium Ring , wearing it around his neck for the remainder of the tournament, but concealing it beneath his tank top until he reveals it to Yami Yugi during their Duel.
 While Dueling, faint, ghastly images of his face frequently stretch out from his head. As the series progressed, visible veins slowly start to appear on his face. In the  Battle City  arc, he wears a  KaibaCorp Duel Disk  on his left arm. As he is merely a split personality of the normal Marik, unlike Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura, who are both entirely different entities from their associated hosts in their own right, Yami Marik's facial structure is exactly the same as Marik's, though the similarities are offset by the differences outlined above.
 
 Personality 
         Yami Marik linework.     
 Yami Marik is a person of pure cruelty, wickedness, and insanity who cares for no one but himself, as he was born of hate, anger, and envy. Yami Marik ruthlessly murdered  his father , and was constantly trying to kill  Odion  for being a hindrance to his existence in the outside, and threatened  Ishizu  with death for hiding their brother. 
 Yami Marik showed no interest in  Yami Yugi 's or  Seto Kaiba 's pasts, something which  his alter ego  wanted to know. In addition, while Marik's goal of becoming the new Pharaoh was fueled by a personal enmity towards the Pharaoh particularly, Yami Marik didn't seem to have any goal except for spreading pain and suffering in the world, and also having his own life in the real world, because he has no desire to be sealed away and he considers himself the "true" Marik. In the dub however, he shares Marik's goal of taking the Pharaoh's power and world domination in addition to his sadistic desire to spread pain. Before his death, he tried to reason with Marik saying that they could rule the world together; however, given his personality, he was merely trying to convince Marik to free him from his predicament.
 Yami Marik lacks empathy and is highly sadistic; building his Deck around torture-themed cards, and using his shadow powers to manifest them into reality, painfully hurting his opponents for his own pleasures. However, he relies heavily upon his dark powers - particularly their role in winning his Duels, since he would have lost his Duel against  Mai Valentine  right away if it wasn't for her attempting to Summon " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", only to be given  Ra's Sphere Form.  In his Duel against  Joey Wheeler , he would have lost if Joey had not collapsed from exhaustion because of the torturing of "Ra" when Marik used its Egyptian God Phoenix effect. During his last Duel, he even stated that he got the most twisted pleasure from torturing Yami Yugi. 
 In  Noah Kaiba 's  Virtual World  fortress, Yami Marik demonstrated a high degree of recklessness, as he destroyed the fortress' computer, which was the only way of stopping the missile that was programmed to fire at the building; his only care being the destruction that it would cause, and he was subsequently seen to be greatly enjoying the frantic escape on the airship. 
 Despite his cruelty and evil personality, he valued his own life dearly; he tried to murder Odion so he would not be sealed back in Marik's body, and pleaded for Marik to help him win against Yugi after Marik was able to regain control of his body. Still, he shows traits of a masochist as well, especially in the Japanese version of his Duel against Joey. For example, after his " Gil Garth " was destroyed and its pain was transferred to him, he laughed psychotically and stated that he was enjoying the feeling. Though certainly reliant to a degree on his shadow powers during a Duel, Yami Marik was by no means an incompetent Duelist; planning ahead in case Yami Yugi survived the attack of "Ra" by using his  Egyptian God Slime  to complete his strategy of immortality and do a follow-up with " Jam Defender " to make it the only monster Yugi could attack (thanks to its ability to regenerate); he also knew more about the abilities of "Ra" than Marik and he outwitted his alter ego and Yami Bakura by changing most of the cards in his Deck. 
 Yami Marik is shown have difficulty with advanced technology (his Duel Disk notwithstanding) during the  Virtual World  arc as he was having trouble with a security pass-code when he pressed it, only to be denied.
 Yami Marik considers himself the "true" Marik, though he largely does not consider himself part of the Ishtar family, referring to Ishizu and his father as Marik's rather than his, barring his first emergence where he killed Ishtar. He also explains the pain of Marik's past as if it were his own, though he did not actually experience the events himself; he merely birthed from them, and in the Japanese version, he laughs after recounting it, explaining that it is the trauma that dominates Marik.
 
 Abilities 
 Yami Marik only emerged from Marik when the latter was filled with rage, though during the time of his second emergence, he managed to acquire enough power to bypass this restriction. As a Tomb Keeper, Yami Marik is capable of using the  Millennium Items , the  Egyptian God  Cards, and subsequently create Shadow Games. As a result of winning a Shadow Game and inflicting a  Penalty Game  on his opponent, his power over the shadows increases.
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Birth 
 Yami Marik was "born" from the pain and suffering that Marik had endured when he was forced to take the initiation ritual to become a full  Tomb Keeper  at ten years old by  his father . A year later, after Marik's forbidden trip to the surface, Marik returned from his trip, having realized that his departure had been discovered, and was horrified to see his father torturing Odion to what appeared to be death (in the dub, Odion was going to be exiled, but was still almost unconscious on the floor). Odion's state enraged Marik, allowing Yami Marik to take control. Though he thanked his father for dealing with Odion, Yami Marik proceeded to resist his father's punishment on himself and claim the  Millennium Rod  for himself. Ignoring his father's orders to put the Item down, Yami Marik used its powers to smash him against the wall. When his sister  Ishizu  protested for him to stop, he blasted her back and froze her in place. Yami Marik then proceeded to murder his father (in the dub, he sent his father to the  Shadow Realm ). He prepared to kill Odion next, but Odion was able to rouse himself, his presence calming Marik down and sealing Yami Marik away in Marik's body. It is never stated whether or not Yami Marik subconsciously removed Marik's guilt as he did in the manga.
 
 Battle City 
         Yami Marik during his Shadow Game Duel against Mai Valentine.     
 Yami Marik was released and seemingly changed into a seperate entity from Marik during the  Battle City quarter-finals  when Odion was rendered unconscious during his Duel against  Joey Wheeler . Deciding Marik's Deck was weak, he changed it to add many new cards of his own, and also managed to learn of the hidden powers of "Ra". Unwilling to risk letting Odion wake up, he attempted to murder him but changed his mind after he heard that he was Dueling next, deciding to let Odion live a little longer. In Marik's quarter-final match, Yami Marik Duels  Mai Valentine  in a  Shadow Game . After initially trading blows, Yami Marik changed the Duel into a Shadow Game where when they lost Life Points, they lost memories, though this had no real effect on Yami Marik, who didn't care about the memories he'd lost but had a severe effect on Mai. Mai traded blows with Yami Marik fairly equally, even taking " The Winged Dragon of Ra ". When she proceeded to Summon "Ra", however, it was locked in Sphere Mode, and Mai was unable to release the God monster. Yami Marik proceeded to do so on his turn, remove Mai's last defenses, and attack her with "Ra", though the attack did not kill her due to the intervention of  Yami Yugi  and Joey. After winning, Yami Marik trapped Mai's soul, where she is slowly buried in sand in an hourglass inside her mind. This left Mai with little more than a day to live before the torture killed her. (in the dub, he banished her soul to the Shadow Realm). After this, Joey became determined to Duel Yami Marik and save Mai no matter how high the cost.
 He watched the Duel between  Ishizu  and  Kaiba , and the sight of his sister caused Marik to attempt to regain control of their body. Yami Marik promptly sealed his alter ego's personality deeper within their body. Remembering Ishizu's strategy from her and Marik's Dueling practices, he believed that Ishizu had the Duel won easily, even though Kaiba had " Obelisk the Tormentor " out (which Yami Marik saw for the first time). As he began to leave, the Millennium Rod activated, and showed Kaiba a vision of  Priest Seto 's past, which convinced Kaiba to instead Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " to win the Duel. 
 After the quarter-finals, Yami Marik attempted to kill Odion again, but he was opposed by  Yami Bakura , who teamed up with the real Marik's soul. With their Millennium powers equal, the duo Dueled in a match not part of the tournament. Yami Bakura managed to gain possession of "The Winged Dragon of Ra" via " Exchange ", but Marik used " Joyful Doom " to lower the  ATK  of the monsters  Tributed  to Summon it to 0 and add their power to his  Life Points , thereby weakening the Dragon's ATK to 0. Yami Bakura Tributes "Ra" to Summon " The Dark Ruler " and also Summoned " Dark Necrofear " and " Headless Knight " but Marik used " Monster Reborn " to bring "Ra" back and introduced its  Point-to-Point Transfer  ability, sacrificing all but 1 of his Life Points to raise the the ATK of "Ra" to 8549, then  attacked  to win the Duel. Marik gleefully warned Bakura to be ready to disappear into the darkness, but Bakura claimed to be the darkness itself and vowed revenge before disappearing. Yami Marik claimed the  Millennium Ring  as his trophy from defeating Yami Bakura after his disappearance into the darkness, deciding to enjoy taming the darkness, wearing the Ring around his neck for the remainder of the tournament, now possessing two Millennium Items. He returned to try and kill Odion again, but Ishizu had been warned by Marik and moved Odion.
 
 Virtual World 
         Yami Marik in the  Virtual World  arc.     
 In the  Virtual World  arc, Yami Marik decided to wait on the airship and see how the situation unfolded for most of the arc. He eventually got tired of waiting and took matters into his own hands, deciding that no-one would hurt Yugi before he did. He investigated  Noah Kaiba 's base to find Yugi and his friends, but got frustrated with the high-tech contraptions that blocked his way.
 Eventually, the alarm set off and the fortress guard robots came after him, but he easily dealt with them using his Millennium Rod. He forced his way through the base and destroyed the main power generator, which in turn, released Kaiba's blimp. Then, he found the console that controlled the satellite, which Noah programmed to fire a missile to destroy the base. Marik recklessly destroyed it, so there was no way to stop the missile. Luckily, he and the rest of the group managed to escape in the airship.
 
 Battle City finals 
 The airship soon arrived at KaibaCorp Island, where the Duel Tower that the finals and semi-finals would be held in was located. The match-ups for the semi-final would be decided by a four-way  Battle Royale  Duel. Yami Marik didn't really care who he'd face, but eventually decided to match himself up against Yugi. However, despite his disruptive tactics, both Kaiba and Joey were intending to make sure that Yami Marik Dueled Joey, and Yami Marik was the first to be eliminated, followed swiftly by Joey. As they ascended to the top of the tower, Yami Marik warned Joey to prepare himself for his fate.
 Yami Marik transformed his Duel with Joey into a  Shadow Game , connecting the Duelists to their monsters so that they'd feel the pain their monsters did. He controlled the Duel with the effect of his " Helpoemer " in the  Graveyard , which stole cards from Joey's hand as Yami Marik's " Coffin Seller "  Trap Card  drained his  Life Points . Joey turned this against him by using " Question " to Summon his " Jinzo ", crippling Yami Marik's strategy after it destroyed his Traps. Yami Marik Summoned " Lava Golem " to Joey's field to eliminate "Jinzo" and he drained Joey of strength via the effects of his duplicated " Plasma Eels ". Joey managed to gain the upper hand with " Gilford the Lightning " until Marik Summoned "Ra", revealing its third power of  Egyptian God Phoenix  to destroy "Gilford". However, Joey was still standing after its blast and Summoned " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", a monster with enough power to win him the Duel. He attempted to attack Marik  directly  but collapsed from the Shadow Game and was unable to continue to claim victory. Yami Marik was still reeling that he had nearly lost the Duel and gagged into his hands, though he recovered enough to gloat. As he left to recover, Kaiba stopped him and claimed that Yami Marik had revealed all of the secrets of "Ra", and that he held the card capable of defeating it. Yami Marik sarcastically wished him luck.
 After he recovered, he returned to the Duel Tower gone to watch Yami Yugi's Duel with Kaiba. He noted what had happened, though he planned to kill both of them whatever the outcome. He was intrigued when both Duelists Summoned their  Egyptian God  cards, and shocked when the  Millennium Rod  activated again after the Gods destroyed one another, showing Kaiba and Yami Yugi the memories of  Priest Seto . He smiled fiendishly after Yami Yugi won, ensuring that he would get the chance to kill him in a Shadow Game.
 After the Duel, Yami Marik furiously demanded that the Rod show him what it had shown Kaiba and Yugi, and when it didn't respond, he tossed it away in frustration. Unfortunately for him,  Téa Gardner , controlled by a fragment of Marik, claimed the Rod and blasted Yami Marik down, much to his confusion. As Marik held his dark half at Rod-point, Yami Marik realized that Marik had been able to control Téa due to his earlier possession of her, and he snidely pointed out that it was thanks to  Odion  that he'd re-emerged, distracting Marik long enough to disarm him. He began to subdue Marik, but was stopped by the arrival of  Ishizu , and then Yami Yugi. Yami Marik decided to wait until it was time for his Duel to finish things and departed, laughing, but returning to the top of the Tower before Yugi did. As they prepared to Duel, Kaiba gave Yugi a card, which Yugi shuffled into his Deck. As they shuffled each other's Decks, Yami Marik taunted Yami Yugi, suggesting that he shuffle well so that "Ra" would end up at the bottom of his Deck.
 
         Yami Marik during his Shadow Game against Yami Yugi and Yugi Muto.     
 Yami Marik turned his Duel with Yami Yugi in the finals into a Shadow Game that gave him a clear edge; when Yami Yugi lost Life Points,  Yugi Muto 's body would fade away, and when Yami Marik lost Life Points, the original Marik would fade away. While Yami Marik would survive if Marik didn't, if Yami Yugi lost, both he and Yugi would be destroyed. Discarding "Ra" on his first turn, Yami Marik helped Yugi get " Slifer the Sky Dragon " out so he could destroy it himself with "Ra", which he succeeded in doing with Egyptian God Phoenix. He reclaimed his " Monster Reborn " with " Zombie's Jewel ", giving Yami Yugi a last chance to draw. Yami Yugi didn't even look at the card before he Set it, but Yami Marik wasn't interested. He brought out "Ra" again, this time using its  Point-to-Point Transfer  effect to raise its ATK and prepared to attack. He also revealed that he had taken the  Millennium Ring  from  Yami Bakura , revealing that he was behind Bakura's disappearance to the group at large. When Yami Marik attacked, Yami Yugi revealed the card Kaiba had given him - " Fiend's Sanctuary ", which forced Yami Marik to attack himself. Yami Marik was forced to use the " De-Fusion " that Yami Yugi had given him through " Exchange ", separating himself from "Ra" and boosting his Life Points.
 
         Yami Marik's death.     
 Yugi then Summoned " Obelisk the Tormentor " and attacked Yami Marik directly, badly injuring him, but this gave Yami Marik the opportunity to create a clone of it called " Egyptian God Slime ". He used the Slime to stall until he could revive "Ra" to destroy "Obelisk", but Yami Yugi prevented this by using "Slifer" as a shield. Yami Marik simply re-revived "Ra" and began to boost its ATK, only for Yami Yugi to sacrifice the "Egyptian God Slime" to activate the effect of "Obelisk", boosting it to infinite ATK. Yami Marik blocked the attack with " Class System ", and prepared to finish Yami Yugi off, attacking "Obelisk." Yami Yugi responded with " Ragnarok ", that would destroy "Ra." Yami Marik warned Yugi that the move would likely destroy Marik as well, but as Yami Yugi hesitated, Odion, who had reawoken, arrived at the top of the Tower. As Yami Marik taunted Odion and blasted him with the Millennium Rod, Odion urged Marik to realize that he had to accept his responsibility for being a Tomb Keeper and the death of his father. With this confidence, Marik overpowered his evil self and urged Yami Yugi to attack him. Yami Yugi did so, destroying "Ra." The shock of the monster's destruction while Yami Marik was fused to it allowed Marik to retake control, putting Yami Marik in the position of the sacrifice. Yami Marik begged his other self to work with him, but his efforts were in vain. Marik forfeited, reducing his Life Points to zero and resulting in the ultimate destruction of Yami Marik.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
         Yami Marik in Mai's dream.     
         Yami Marik's "lost soul" along with Arkana.     
 Yami Marik made another brief appearance in Mai's nightmares at the beginning of  Waking the Dragons , a factor that had huge ramifications concerning her alliance with  Doma . [1]  He also appeared as a spirit in the Valley of Lost Souls, when Yami Yugi journeyed there to find his other half. [2] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Yami Marik appears in two flashbacks in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , when  Syrus Truesdale  mentions some of Yugi's exploits and tells  Jaden Yuki  about the  Egyptian Gods [3]  and when  Franz  uses the counterfeit copy of "The Winged Dragon of Ra". [4] 
 
 
 Other appearances 
 Dark Marik (manga) Yami Marik (Duel Terminal) Yami Marik ( Duel Arena ) Yami Marik ( Legacy of the Duelist ) Yami Marik ( Duel Links ) 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Yami Marik's Decks 
 Yami Marik runs an  Immortality-Torture Deck , which focuses on slowly torturing his opponents and him watching them squirm. In the theme of pain, Yami Marik's cards slowly drain his opponent's strength, such as discarding their hand with " Helpoemer ", lowering ATK with " Dark Jeroid " and " Plasma Eel ", and inflicting  Burn  damage with " Coffin Seller " and " Bowganian ". Some of his cards, like " Nightmare Wheel " and the manga-exclusive " Viser Shock " and " Viser Des ", are based on torture machines. Yami Marik's Deck otherwise relies on a variety of powerful Trap Cards and Fiend-Type monsters. With " The Winged Dragon of Ra " as his trump card, Yami Marik uses a variety of cards to discard it, then revive it with " Monster Reborn " to devastate his opponents. He further relies on retrieving "Monster Reborn" to his hand after using it initially to continue to revive "Ra" again and again, using cards such as " Left Arm Offering " and " Mining for Magical Stones ". Yami Marik also uses some of the cards previously used by  Rare Hunters  such as " Revival Jam " and in the anime " Masked Beast Des Gardius ".
 
 Trivia 
 In the dub, Yami Marik's voice starts out distorted, but low-pitched; this is the same voice he had the first time he appeared in Marik's childhood. However, by the time of the quarterfinals, his voice had gained a higher pitch. 
 In the dub, Yami Marik commonly calls  Joey Wheeler  "Little Joey". In the original version, Jonouchi has called him "Marik-chan", "-chan" being an honorific used for little children (and sometimes being translated in a similar manner to the dub name that Marik calls Joey). 
 Yami Marik is very dependent for a main antagonist, relying on shadow games and Ra to win. This is shown in the 4 way duel, in which Yami Marik uses neither and is the first to be eliminated. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 152: " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 163: " Self Destruction " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 18: " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 85: " Rah, Rah, Ra! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007  characters 
 ← WC06 WC08 → 
 Duel Opponent 
 Level 1 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Fox Fire 
 Des Wombat 
 Snipe Hunter 
 Eria the Water Charmer 
 Dark Red Enchanter 
 Level 2 
 Ultimate Tyranno 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Tualatin 
 Hiita the Fire Charmer 
 Frostosaurus 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Level 3 
 Yamata Dragon 
 Neo-Parshath, the Sky Paladin 
 Allure Queen LV5 
 Infernal Dragon 
 The End of Anubis 
 Fusilier Dragon, the Dual Mode Beast 
 Level 4 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Sacred Phoenix of Nepthys 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch 
 Destiny Hero - Dogma 
 Level 5 
 Elemental Hero Glow Neos 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Dark Ruler Vandalgyon 
 Cyber Ogre 
 Necroface 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Level 6 
 Destiny Hero - Bloo-d 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Elemental Hero Air Neos 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 
 Limited Duel Opponent 
 Level 1 
 Skull Servant 
 Miracle Jurassic Egg 
 Inferno 
 Batteryman D 
 Marshmallon 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart 
 Buster Blader 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon 
 Mystic Swordsman LV4 
 Chiron the Mage 
 Level 2 
 Vorse Raider 
 Dark Scorpion Burglars 
 Elemental Hero Stratos 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Watapon 
 Dandylion 
 The Six Samurai - Irou 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Level 3 
 Aqua Chorus 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Masked Chopper 
 Majestic Mech - Ohka 
 Hero Kid 
 Luster Dragon 
 The Agent of Judgment - Saturn 
 Ultimate Baseball Kid 
 Dark Magician 
 Silent Swordsman LV7 
 Level 4 
 Botanical Lion 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World 
 Double Coston 
 Ancient Gear Engineer 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Needle Worm 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Night Assailant 
 Level 5 
 Giant Orc 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 Armed Dragon LV10 
 Sillva, Warlord of Dark World 
 Helios - The Primordial Sun 
 Master of Oz 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Gren Maju Da Eiza 
 Cliff the Trap Remover 
 Familiar-Possessed - Eria 
 Level 6 
 Shinato, King of a Higher Plane 
 King Dragun 
 Forest Guard Green Baboon 
 Elemental Hero Wildedge 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Cyber Twin Dragon 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 
 Theme Duel Opponent 
 Level 1 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Berserk Gorilla 
 Green Gadget 
 Apprentice Magician 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mask of Darkness 
 An Owl of Luck 
 Wynn the Wind Charmer 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Aegis of Gaia 
 Level 2 
 D.D. Survivor 
  Moai Interceptor Cannons 
 Treeborn Frog 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Dark Magician of Chaos 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Des Frog 
 Sasuke Samurai #4 
 Sasuke Samurai #3 
 Ruin, Queen of Oblivion 
 Level 3 
 Doitsu 
 Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan 
 Cyber Blader 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Mirage Dragon 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Exodia Necross 
 Elemental Hero Tempest 
 Level 4 
 Victory Dragon 
 Ojama Trio 
 Dark Dreadroute 
 Cyberdark Dragon 
 Elemental Hero Ocean 
 Toon Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Necrofear 
 Silent Magician LV8 
 Magical Merchant 
 Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon 
 Level 5 
 Spiritual Water Art - Aoi 
 Spell Shield Type-8 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Elemental Hero Electrum 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Silent Magician LV4 
 Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Level 6 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Satellite Cannon 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 Don Zaloog 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Phantasmal Martyrs 
 Allure Queen LV7 
 Elemental Mistress Doriado 
 Gigobyte 
 
 Ghost Duelists 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Spirit Caller 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Chazzz Princeton 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Dark Zane 
 Download 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Double Coston 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Silent Magician LV8 
 Chazz Princeton 
 The Agent of Judgment - Saturn 
 Yami Marik 
 Elemental Hero Stratos 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Don Zaloog 
 Yami Yugi 
 Misc. Download 
 michel 
 clad0r 
 A_Lo1181 
 Survival Mode 
 Folza 
 Yasuto 
 Lemon 
 Qua 
 Sai 
 Vanvan 
 Takeshi 
 Samba 
 Topaz 
 Don 
 Yama G 
 Edmonde 
 
 Recipe Duel Opponent 
 Copycat 
 Duel Puzzles Opponent 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Tutorial Opponent 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008  characters 
 Player ← WC07 WC09 → 
 Grace 
 Skull Servant 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Elemental Hero Knospe 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Kairyu-Shin 
 Fairy of the Spring 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Master of Oz 
 Curse of Vampire 
 Gigobyte 
 Crystal Seer 
 Ojama Black 
 Amazoness Paladin 
 Green Guardian - Embust 
 Sunlight 
 Kabazuals 
 Warrior Lady of the Wasteland 
 Mech Bass 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 Dark Dust Spirit 
 Gravekeeper's Commandant 
 Don Zaloog 
 Dark Mimic LV1 
 Spirit of the Pharaoh 
 Pyramid Turtle 
 Sand Moth 
 Ojama Green 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Exxod, Master of The Guard 
 Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness 
 Maiden of the Aqua 
 Abyss Soldier 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Otohime 
 Shell Guardian - Savan 
 Civilization 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Great Angus 
 Fox Fire 
 Luster Dragon 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Molten Behemoth 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Inpachi 
 Blazing Inpachi 
 Woodborg Inpachi 
 Blazing Butterfly 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 Spirit of the Six Samurai 
 Iron Blacksmith Kotetsu 
 Giga Gagagigo 
 Speed Guardian - Ferrario 
 Darkness 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Mythical Beast Cerberus  &  Darkblaze Dragon 
 Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja  &  Lady Ninja Yae 
 Vanity's Fiend  &  Vanity's Ruler 
 Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World 
 Kahkki, Guerilla of Dark World  &  Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World  &  Sillva, Warlord of Dark World 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World  &  Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Gogiga Gagagigo  &  Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Vampire Lord  &  Vampire Lady 
 Harpie Queen  &  Harpie Girl 
 Metal Shooter  &  Satellite Cannon 
 Lich Lord, King of the Underworld  &  Alien Hypno 
 Alien Shocktrooper  &  Alien Infiltrator 
 Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 UFOroid 
 Dark Mimic LV3 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Dark World Guardian - Gigori  &  Underworld Guardian - Moley 
 Order 
 Absorbing Kid from the Sky 
 Thunder Nyan Nyan 
 Soul of Purity and Light 
 Kaibaman 
 Layard the Liberator 
 Gellenduo 
 Royal Knight 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Senju of the Thousand Hands 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden One 
 Radient Jeral 
 Guardian Angel Joan 
 Marshmallon 
 Airknight Parshath 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 Harvest Angel of Wisdom 
 Meltiel, Sage of the Sky 
 Card Trader 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Alkana Knight Joker 
 The End of Anubis 
 Arcana Force Extra - The Light Ruler 
 White Night Dragon 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Sky Guardian - Sefolile 
 Chaos 
 Destiny Hero - Plasma 
 Elemental Hero Neos Alius 
 Evil Hero Malicious Edge 
 Elemental Hero Chaos Neos 
 Green Gadget 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 CPU Duel 
 Stray Lambs 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Reaper on the Nightmare 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Elemental Mistress Doriado 
 St. Joan 
 Spirit of the Pharaoh 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi 
 Otohime 
 Destiny Hero - Disk Commander 
 Dark Scorpion - Meanae the Thorn 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 Watapon 
 Petit Dragon 
 Curse of Vampire 
 Kaiser Sea Horse 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Aquarian Alessa 
 Il Blud 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Elemental Hero Lady Heat 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Chrysalis Dolphin 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands 
 Airknight Parshath 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress 
 Silpheed 
 Woodborg Inpachi 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Gemini Elf 
 Molten Zombie 
 Sand Moth 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Water Dragon 
 Neo Space Pathfinder 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Voltanis the Adjudicator 
 Light Effigy 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Sabersaurus 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Vortex Kong 
 Evil Hero Infernal Gainer 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Cyberdark Dragon 
 Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Gladiator Beast Heraklinos 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Dark Zane 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Axel Brodie 
 Adrian Gecko 
 Marcel Bonaparte 
 Professor Thelonious Viper 
 Yubel 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Bakura 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 CPU Tag Duel 
 Marshmallon  &  Spirit Reaper 
 Mataza the Zapper  &  Armed Samurai - Ben Kei 
 Amazoness Tiger  &  Amazoness Chain Master 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch  &  Gogiga Gagagigo 
 Vampire Lord  &  Vampire Lady 
 Harpie Lady 2  &  Harpie Lady 1 
 Blast Sphere  &  Adhesive Explosive 
 Alien Shocktrooper  &  Alien Infiltrator 
 Alien Mars  &  Alien Psychic 
 Different Dimension Dragon  &  Decoy Dragon 
 Perfect Machine King  &  Machine King 
 Sasuke Samurai #2  &  Sasuke Samurai 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World  &  Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Submarineroid  &  Fenrir 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness  &  Lava Golem 
 Jesse Anderson  &  Jaden Yuki 
 Yubel  &  Marcel Bonaparte 
 Chazz Princeton  &  Alexis Rhodes 
 Dark Zane  &  Chancellor Sheppard 
 Jasmine  &  Mindy 
 Tania  &  Bastion Misawa 
 Joey Wheeler  &  Yugi Muto 
 Seto Kaiba  &  Yami Yugi 
 Yami Bakura  &  Yami Marik 
 Ghosts Downloaded 
 Jaden Yuki 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Dark Zane 
 Yami Bakura 
 Blowback Dragon 
 Kozaky 
 Ojama Green 
 Tania 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Adrian Gecko 
 Marshmallon 
 HJY 
 Angel 
 enyce 
 Recipe Duel 
 Copycat 
 Tutorial 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Duel Puzzles 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 
 v e 
 Yami Marik  (Dark Marik) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Yami_marik6.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160312234525', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Dark_Marik_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070708205516', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/Yami_Marik_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120118044524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/Yami_Marik.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091027151615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Marikvirtualworld.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140113023526', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/Yami_marik_ID_by_88yami_marik.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110528030822', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Marik_surrenders.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150426104049', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/Yamimarikdream.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140113023245', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Ghost_Arkana_and_Yami_Marik.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120618163707', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/DarkMalikmanga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/161?cb=20150330183037', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Yami_Marik_DT.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190805035725', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/YamiMarik-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141218154756', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/YamiMarik-LOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/160?cb=20190608153320', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/YamiMarik-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/153?cb=20170728075955', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 characters, Yami Marik pages