Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Paladins_of_Dragons


 
 Paladins of Dragons 
 竜の聖騎士 「 ナイト・オブ・ドラゴン 」  ( Naito Obu Doragon ) 
 
 
 
 
 Paladins of Dragons 
 
 
 Translation 
 Knight of Dragon 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Paladin du Dragon 
 
 
 German 
 Paladin des Drachen 
 
 
 Italian 
 Paladino del Drago 
 
 
 Korean 
 나이트 오브 드래곤   Naiteu obeu Deuraegon   (romanized) Translation:  Knight of Dragon 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Paladino do Dragão 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Paladín de Dragón 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Magician's Force Legacy of the Valiant Cybernetic Horizon Blazing Vortex 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Starter Deck: Kaiba Evolution Dark Revelation Volume 1 Duelist Pack: Kaiba Dragons of Legend 2 Dragons of Legend: The Complete Series Speed Duel: Battle City Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Advent of Union Structure Deck: Kaiba Volume 2 Expert Edition Volume 1 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Destiny Version 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Paladins of Dragons , known as the  Knights of Dragons  ( 竜の聖騎士 ,  Naito Obu Doragon ) in the  OCG , are a  series  of  Level  4  Ritual Monsters  with 1900  ATK . They are warriors who ride on dragons that resemble  famous  " -Eyes "  dragons , with the exception of " Paladin of Storm Dragon " (who rides a  Cyberse  monster that resembles " Firewall Dragon ") and " Knight of Armor Dragon " (who rides a monster that resembles " Armed Dragon LV7 ").
 There is a sixth monster that follows this motif, " Paladin of the Cursed Dragon ", who is a  Zombie   Effect Monster . However, this card's artwork is simply the same knight from " Paladin of White Dragon ", only this time aloft a withered version of his dragon.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Official 
 2.2   Pseudo 
 
 
 3   Recommended cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 All 5 Ritual "Paladins of Dragons" share two effects:
 
 An effect that activates when the Paladin battles (usually destroying an  attacked   Defense Position  monster at the start of the  Damage Step ). 
 An effect that activates via self- Tribute , which  Special Summons  its corresponding monster from the  hand  or  Deck . 
 Their  Ritual Spell Cards  share the naming scheme " [Adjective] Dragon Ritual " (" [Adjective] Dragon Descent " in Japanese), with the exception of " Cynet Ritual ".
 
 Members 
 Official 
 
 
 Card
 
 Summoned monster
 
 
 Paladin of Dragon
 
 Ritual
 
 
 Armor 
 Armored Dragon 
 Level 5 or higher  WIND   Dragon  monster
 
 
 Dark 
 Dark Dragon 
 " Red-Eyes " monster
 
 
 Photon 
 Luminous Dragon 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 
 
 Storm 
 Cynet 
 Level 5 or higher  Cyberse  monster
 
 
 White 
 White Dragon 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 Pseudo 
 
 
 Card 
 Summoned monster
 
 
 Paladin of the Cursed Dragon 
 Level 4 or lower  Zombie  monster from the opponent's GY
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Gishki Chain 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of Dark Dragon 
 Paladin of Photon Dragon 
 Paladin of White Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Galaxy Stealth Dragon 
 Queen Dragun Djinn Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Dragon Ritual 
 Luminous Dragon Ritual 
 White Dragon Ritual 
 Double Summon 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Pre-Preparation of Rites 
 Preparation of Rites 
 Ritual Cage 
 Ritual Foregone 
 Ritual Weapon 
 Traps 
 Grisaille Prison 
 Ritual Buster 
 Urgent Ritual Art 
 Trivia 
 The Dragon members share the same  DEF  of 1200, while the non-Dragon members each have their own DEF. 
   
 Paladins of Dragons   竜の聖騎士 Members 
 Knight of Armor Dragon Paladin of Dark Dragon Paladin of Photon Dragon Paladin of Storm Dragon Paladin of White Dragon 
 Related 
 Armed Dragon LV7 Blue-Eyes White Dragon Firewall Dragon Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon Paladin of the Cursed Dragon Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Armor Dragon Ritual Cynet Ritual Dark Dragon Ritual Luminous Dragon Ritual Raregold Armor White Dragon Ritual 
 
 v e 
 Paladins of Dragons   竜の聖騎士 a   Members 
 Knight of Dark Dragon Paladin of Photon Dragon Paladin of White Dragon 
 Related 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon Cynet Ritual Dark Dragon Ritual Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon Luminous Dragon Ritual Red-Eyes B. Dragon White Dragon Ritual 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/RaregoldArmor-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121004223239']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Ritual Monster(s)