Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Grace_Tyler.png


 
 Grace Tyler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Grace Tyler 
 
 
 Japanese   
 グレース・タイラー 
 
 
 Korean   
 그레이스 타일러 
 
 
 Italian   
 Grace Tyler 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Gloria Tyler  (older twin sister) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy  (defected) [1] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Amazoness 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Mai Fuchigami [1] 
 
 
 
 Grace Tyler  (グレース・タイラー,  Gurēsu Tairā ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is a member of  Duel Academy  who was sent to the  Xyz Dimension  with her elder twin sister  Gloria  to defeat the  Lancers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Grace.     
 Grace is a fair-skinned woman with yellow eyes and long silver hair that hangs over her forehead in a messy fringe and two locks extending to chin length, while the back portion of her hair extends down her back and curls up in a bunch. Grace wears a more feminine outfit than her sister. She wears a sleeveless tight blue coat with a white front that is patterned with vertical lines and topped with purple curves; silver-lined grey shoulder pads over her coat, and black gloves that extend past her elbows. Grace also wears a lilac skirt with three diagonal black lines on each side over white leggings and black ankle-length heeled boots with silver heels and toes.
 
 Personality 
 Grace is more softly spoken than her sister, and she frequently comments on the fun that they will have. In the dub, Grace speaks in a stereotypical Valley girl manner. She is confident in the skills of her and her sister, and encourages the thought of a stronger opponent while disliking weaker opponents. This extends to the liking that she takes to Yuya's Dueltaining. While Gloria tends to be blunt, Grace is somewhat more sarcastic and insulting and can be air headed at times.
 After losing to  Yuya Sakaki  and  Shay Obsidian  in an Entertainment Duel, Grace is thrilled by the Duel and intrigued by Yuya's potential to the point of forgoing the opportunity to rejoin the effort to defeat the  Lancers  in favor of watching Yuya's Dueling. She enthusiastically cheered for Yuya during the Duel against Aster, despite her sister's disapproval. She takes the loss and the backup by the  Obelisk Force  in stride; unlike her sister she does not see it as an insult given that they actually did lose.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Grace and her older sister Gloria are infamous among  the Resistance  for almost destroying the  Spade Branch 's Resistance force. [2] 
 
 Heartland City 
 After hearing  Mamoru 's report that claimed to have detected  Pendulum Summoning ,  the Professor  assigned Grace and her sister  Gloria  to go to the  Xyz Dimension  with the mission of defeating the  Lancers . [1]  While walking through  Heartland , Grace and Gloria found  Saya  and believing her to be a Lancer, prepared to bring her back as a present for  Aster  and Mamoru. When  Allen  arrived to protect Saya, Grace and Gloria challenged them to a  Tag-Team Duel . During the Duel, when Gloria wondered why Allen and Saya didn't use Pendulum Summoning, Grace suspected that they were underestimating them. After Saya's " Fairy Cheer Girl " failed to destroy " Amazoness Queen  due to its effect, Grace and Gloria realized Allen and Saya were not their targets. When the twins learned that Allen and Saya were from  the Resistance , they revealed that they were the Tyler sisters. Grace  Fusion Summoned  " Amazoness Pet Liger " and attacked "Cheer Girl" with "Liger" and "Queen", lowering Allen and Saya's  LP  and the ATK of "Cheer Girl" at the same time to toy with them for their own amusement. Allen attempted to use the effect of " Heavy-Armored Train Iron Wolf " to attack the Tyler sisters  directly , but they explained that the effect of "Liger" would negate the attack. Grace then used " Amazoness Substitution " to switch the attack to Gloria's " Amazoness Swords Woman ", intending for Allen to take the damage Grace would have taken. However, she and Gloria were surprised when Saya used " Fairy Rail " to turn the damage into ATK for "Cheer Girl". Though slightly impressed by their opponent's turn, the twins won the Duel after Gloria used the combined effects of "Liger" and " Amazoness Empress " to inflict  piercing  damage. After defeating Saya and Allen, Gloria and Grace prepared to  seal them into cards  until  Gong  and  Sylvio  arrived. When they learned Gong and Sylvio were Lancers, Gloria and Grace challenged them to another Tag-Team Duel. [2] 
 
       Grace and  Gloria  shocked by  Yuya 's Dueltaining after their defeat.     
 After defeating Gong and Sylvio, Grace and Gloria spotted  Yuya  and  Shay  arriving. They thought Shay was a scared Resistance member who fled when he recognized their " Amazoness " Decks until  Yuto  (through Yuya) told them things would've been different if they were there. The Tyler sisters told them not to overestimate themselves. The Tyler sisters challenged them to a Tag-Team Duel and Gloria used " Quiet Life " and " Amazoness Hall " for them to gain LP from Yuya and Shay's Special Summoned monsters  ATK . Grace Fusion Summoned "Amazoness Pet Liger" and destroyed " Performapal Monkeyboard " while inflicting piercing damage with "Empress'" effect. She then used "Amazoness Empress" to destroy " Xiangsheng Magician " and set two cards. The Tyler sisters gained more LP Shay when Pendulum Summoned three " Raidraptor - Singing Lanius '" and Xyz Summoned " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". They were surprised by Rise Falcon's effect but were able to protect their monsters from destruction with their effects. Grace admitted that Shay was above average for a Resistance member but Gloria said their effect was for naught. She then activated " Amazoness Hot Spring ", gaining back the LP they lost and " Amazoness Magic Mirror ", negating battle damage they take to 0. After their LP raised up to 7000, Grace told them to give up and become a card like their comrades. When their LP went over 10,000, the Tyler sisters started to get annoyed with the Lancers and told them to surrender already. When Yuya activated " Miracle Rocket Show " and " Smile World " they were surprised by their effects. Even when Yuya and Shay used "Rise Falcon" and " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 's" effects to weaken "Empress" and "Liger", Gloria pointed out it that their attack will still be negated. However, Yuya used the last effect of "Miracle Rocket Show" to inflict damage to the sisters equal to the battle damage that was reduced to 0. Though defeated, Grace and Gloria were amazed by the Duel. [3] 
 
       Grace annoying Gloria when she supports Yuya during his Duel against  Aster .     
 When the  Obelisk Force  challenged the Lancers to a Duel, Grace and Gloria learned from Mamoru that the Professor sent them in case they lost. Gloria was insulted, but Grace admitted that they did lose. Gloria asked Grace if she wasn't frustrated by their loss, but Grace didn't care as she wanted to see Yuya's Dueltaining. Gloria wondered whether or not they should join the Duel, but Grace told her the Obelisk Force wouldn't lose easily. Grace was impressed when Yuya used " Big Escape " to escape the Obelisk Force's attack, and after Yuya Pendulum Summoned, Grace was ready for another great Duel, but disappointed after the less elaborate turn. She watched as " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant " was Fusion Summoned and  Kite Tenjo  arrived to save Yuya. She was surprised when Kite defeated the Obelisk Force and Aster arriving with a squad, claiming that Yuya was his target. [4]  When Aster refused to listen to Gloria, Grace told him Yuya's  Dueltainng  won't be exciting unless he Duels them. Grace was impressed by Yuya's Pendulum Summoning on his first turn, but Gloria wanted to help the squad Dueling Kite, though Grace continued to watch the Duel. Grace wanted Yuya to show them the greatest Duel and she was impressed when he Fusion Summoned " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". When Gloria thought it was over for Yuya, Grace eagerly claimed that he would entertain them more. [5]  When Yuya was about lose she was disappointed. When Gloria mentioned " Destiny HERO - Dystopiaguy " and " Urban Demise " combo, Grace also mentioned that attacking will trigger their effects and destroy the monster. She then wonder what Yuya will do. When Gloria wonder why Yuya would attack with " a weak monster ", Grace told her it's part of his Dueltaining. However when Aster destroyed "Laugh Maker", Grace thought it was Yuya's comeback. She was happy when Yuya was about to perform, understood his plan to revive "Laugh Maker", and seeing "Smile World" again. She was also surprised when Yuya raised "Laugh Maker's" ATK to 6900. When Yuya brought back "Brave-Eyes" to attack, Grace mentioned that if connects, he'll win. When Yuya defeated Aster, she called the fireworks beautiful and the Duel amazing. While Gloria was worried about the Professor finding out, she wasn't. [6] 
 Just as Mamoru ordered the Duel Academy soldiers whom he had called to attack Yuya, Aster defended the latter and openly declared his intention to betray the Professor because now he was sharing the same belief as Yuya and  his father  that Dueling wasn't a tool for conflict, but to bring happiness to people. Instead of panicking, Grace was impressed by Aster's decision to betray Duel Academy, making her sister to ask if she was also going to do the same and become the Lancers' ally. Grace, however, corrected her sister, stating rather than the Lancers' ally, she was more delighted at the idea of becoming Yuya's ally. She urged her sister to be honest with herself, teasing her of the fact that she was also charmed by Yuya's Dueltaining, flustering Gloria, and the two of them then joined Yuya with Aster. The Resistance's arrival and Aster's speech forced Mamoru to surrender and the remaining Duel Academy soldiers to follow Aster's plan of rebuilding Xyz Dimension. [7] 
 
         Gloria, Grace, and  Mamoru  distributing food to  the Resistance .     
 Now officially allied with both the Resistance and Lancers, Grace, her sister, and other former members of Duel Academy helped the refugees in the Resistance's  hideout  by distributing foods, medical supplies, and rebuilding residential houses for free to atone for what they have done. Grace and her sister helped in making and distributing foods to the refugees, making Gloria questioned why she has to do this, to which Grace answered that making people happy is part of Entertainment, so they should think about it as a form of training. [7] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Following the battle against  Z-ARC , Grace appeared during  Yuya  and  Dennis McField 's with  Gloria ,  Mamoru , and  Aster  and called out to Yuya. When Dennis attacked " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", Grace wondered why since " Performage Trapeze Magician " and "Odd-Eyes" had the same  ATK . When Gloria thought it was over for Yuya, Grace told he would go for an  Action Card . She and Gloria then noticed three kids who wanted to watch the Duel and Grace smiled as Gloria let them go up front to watch it. When Yuya weakened "Trapeze High Magician", Grace noted that Dennis didn't have any  Set  cards. However, when Dennis used the effect of "Trapeze High Magician" again to protect himself, Grace wondered how would Yuya break through it. She applauded at the end of the Duel when Yuya won. [8]  Grace was later seen watching Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Gloria, Mamoru, Aster,  Kite ,  Allen , and  Saya , waving to Yuya as he passed them. [9]  She also watched Yuya and Declan's  Action Duel . [10]  Grace was happy that Yuya won both Duels and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu Boyle . [11] 
 
 Deck 
 Grace uses an  " Amazoness " Deck . She also takes a more protective approach in  Duels , relying more on  Spell  and  Trap Cards , in contrast to  Gloria .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Spy 
 Amazoness Tiger Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Pet Liger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amazoness Magic Mirror 
 Amazoness Spellcaster [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Curse Mirror 
 Amazoness Hot Spring 
 Amazoness Substitution 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Allen Kozuki  and  Saya Sasayama 
 107 
 Win (with  Gloria Tyler )
 
 
 Gong Strong  and  Sylvio Sawatari 
 107 - 108 
 Win (with  Gloria Tyler )
 
 
 Shay Obsidian  and  Yuya Sakaki 
 108 
 Lose (with  Gloria Tyler )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 111: " Last Laugh " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Trivia 
 Grace and Gloria both share the same English voice actress Alison Leigh Rosenfeld. They are the second pair of twins to share the same English voice actress with the first being  Leo and Luna , both being voiced by Cassandra Lee Morris and later Eileen Stevens. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in her  hand  when the last  effect  of  Yuya Sakaki 's " Miracle Rocket Show "  activates  in  episode 108 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Grace_Tyler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160522160009', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/FullGraceTyler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160605090745', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Tyler_Sisters_108-7.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703224313', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Grace_Cheers_For_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160704000036', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Noro_and_Tyler_Sisters_112.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703234419']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters