Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/The_Facility

      A section of the Facility.     
 The Facility , known as the  Detention Center  (収容所  Shūyōsho ) in the Japanese version, is a prison in  New Domino City .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Staff 
 
 1.1   Non-canon 
 
 
 2   Inmates 
 
 2.1   Non-canon 
 
 
 3   History 
 
 
 Staff 
 The center is governed by the  Sector Security . The Director has full control over the staff.
 Mr. Armstrong  was the chief. He was known for being cruel to the inmates and prejudiced towards  Satellite  residents. After his  Duel  with  Yusei Fudo ,  Goodwin  told him that he had been watching the match, then said that he was the one who would be leaving. (In the dub, Goodwin said he can't see peace when there exists no trust between the guards and inmates, then says for Armstrong to pack up his things and that he's fired.)
 
 Non-canon 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator ,  Dio  and  Fudagawa  also work at the Facility.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus ,  in order to access the Facility, Story Mode must be cleared at least once and the  Guard Robot  in front of the Facility must be defeated in a Duel. This will allow the player to re-duel any of the six criminals encountered previously in the Story Mode.
 
 Inmates 
 Alex  was held in the Facility for longer than his expected sentence. After giving up waiting to be released, he began working on an escape tunnel. He was later shown to have been released as he was shown cheering Yusei on from the city during his Duel with  Z-one . 
 Bolt Tanner  took part in criminal activity after being ridiculed in the Pro League. He was quickly arrested and sent here. Tanner was highly respected among the inmates and determined how new inmates should be treated by testing their Dueling skills. He was later released before the events of the  Fortune Cup  and the  Dark Signer  vs  Signer  war. 
 Usui  was one of Tanner's followers. 
 Sakamaki  was one of Tanner's followers. 
 Yusei Fudo  was transported here after being caught trespassing in  New Domino . He was later released via the orders of  Rex Goodwin  after defeating Mr. Armstrong who was fired after these events. 
 Tenzen Yanagi  was caught trespassing around the same time as Yusei. In the English dub, Yanagi was frequently detained here. He was later released before the events of the  Fortune Cup  and the Dark Signer vs Signer war. 
 Lawton  was sent here after he was defeated by  Kalin Kessler  for his crimes against the civilians of  Satisfaction Town  who he made work in the  Dyne Mine  until they die. 
 Radley  was sent here for beginning and partaking in the war between the Malcolm Family and the Ramon Group forcing civilians to work in the Dyne Mine until they died. 
 Malcolm  was sent here for beginning and partaking in the war between the  Malcolm Crew  and the  Radley Bunch  forcing civilians to work in the Dyne Mine until they died. He was captured and taken to The Facility after Kalin Kessler and Yusei Fudo along with the rest of  Team Satisfaction  revealed the crimes that they were assisting in to  Sector Security . 
 Barbara  was sent here due to her assisting both Lawton and Malcolm in sending innocent Duelists to the Dyne Mine after Team Satisfaction revealed their crimes. 
 Numerous other members of the Malcolm family were sent here after Crow and Jack revealed their crimes to Security. 
 A  purse snatcher  was sent here for trying to rob an  old lady . 
 Kalin Kessler was sent here for going against security, killing one and injuring another while attempting to kill him too and causing an explosion and at a station. He escaped when he became a dark signer. 
 Syd ,  Gus  and the rest of Syd's gang have been sent here for stealing Duel Runners, taking them apart and selling the parts. 
 Bolton  was sent here when he turned himself in for killing Robert Pearson. 
 According to the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Animation Book ,  Sayer  was sent to The Facility for his crimes after the defeat of the Dark Signers, when everyone absorbed by the  Earthbound Immortals  was revived. 
 Non-canon 
 The player  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator  is sent here after trespassing. 
 Geruzet  is an inmate in  Stardust Accelerator . Geruzet has his  Deck  mocked by Tanner, after which the player uses the same Deck to beat Tanner, similar to how Yusei uses Yanagi's Deck in the anime. 
 Itokawa 
 History 
 Yusei Fudo  was sent to the Facility for trespassing in New Domino City. On the way, he met  Tenzen Yanagi  in the paddy wagon.
 Yusei was challenged to a Duel by  Bolt Tanner . However, Yusei had his Deck confiscated, so Yanagi who managed to sneak cards in, Dueled Tanner instead. Yanagi quickly lost and had his cards ridiculed by Tanner, who stomped on them and refused to move his foot, despite their value to Yanagi. Yusei tossed Tanner aside and challenged him to a Duel using Yanagi's cards. Yusei won, earning respect for himself and Yanagi.
 Rex Goodwin  suspected Yusei was a  Signer  and had  Mr. Armstrong  perform tests on him. Armstrong develops a dislike for Yusei and sends him to a different part of the center.
 In his new cell, Yusei meets  Alex  who has been planning an escape and invites Yusei. Yusei accepts provided that they can bring Tanner and Yanagi too.
 Armstrong planted a knife in Tanner's cell (In the English version, he accused him of smuggling magazines inside). Armstrong beats Tanner badly, extends his and other inmates sentences and forbids them from leaving their cells. Yusei objected to Armstrong calling the inmates worthless. This results in Armstrong challenging Yusei to a Duel. Should Yusei win, Armstrong would forget Tanner's crime and not lengthen Yusei's sentence. Should Armstrong win, Yusei would be at Armstrong's mercy. Yusei agreed despite the time of the Duel, interfering with his escape plans. Yanagi was then brought up to Armstrong where he is beaten and has his cards confiscated in front of the other inmates.
 Yusei refused to escape with Alex as Tanner and Yanagi were in no condition to come with them. The other inmates supplied Yusei with cards to use against Armstrong.
 Yusei faced Armstrong in an arena, where both players were chained in one place and received electric shocks as their  Life Points  lowered. However, Armstrong rigged the arena, so that he couldn't get shocks. Armstrong also used security cameras to see the cards in Yusei's hand. Alex abandoned his escape plan and broke into the control room, where he switched on Armstrong's shocks and broke the computers, so the settings couldn't be altered. Yusei managed to win the Duel. Rex Goodwin appeared at the end of the Duel. He granted Yusei freedom.
 Tanner and Yanagi were released shortly after Yusei.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Secondpartofthecenter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131019184145']
Categories: Locations