Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Haru_Tsukumo_(manga)


 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 九十九春 九十九春 つくも はる Rōmaji: ( Tsukumo Haru ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Akari Tsukumo  (granddaughter) Yuma Tsukumo  (grandson) Mirai Tsukumo  (daughter-in-law) Kazuma Tsukumo  (son) 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 5: " Improving the Deck!! " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Haru Tsukumo  is a charcter appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . Haru is the grandmother of  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Akari Tsukumo . Unlike Akari, Haru supports Yuma's desire to Duel.
 
 Biography 
 When Yuma was rushing to the school because the was late, Haru held him by his messenger bag with her broom, asking him if he had eaten breakfast. This made his cards fall to the ground. Yuma told her to forget about breakfast, since he was going to be late. Haru then picks one of Yuma's cards with an expression of surpise, and Yuma tells her that he reworked on his  Deck  the previous night. She then asks him how many times  Tetsuo  had beaten him in a row then, and guessed forty. Yuma said that it was fifty, with an unpleasant expression. Haru then yells at him saying that eating right in the morning gives energy for all day, and that Yuma can't  Duel  because he needs "more fuel in his belly".
 Later, when Yuma leaves to Duel  Shark , Haru gives him an "extra-large Duel lunch", saying that if he has got a big battle that day, he can't go to war on an empty stomach. [1] 
 One night, after Akari yells at Yuma about him not had gone to sleep yet and about him possibly being playing  Duel Monsters , Haru tells her that she shouldn't be so strict to Yuma. Akari answers saying that she has to be, and that Haru knows why - for him, Duels aren't just a game. Haru then keeps silent, looking towards Yuma's room with a sad expression. [2] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 5: " Plot and Counterplot?! " 
 
 
 v e 
Haru Tsukumo pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  manga   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Kotori Mizuki 
 Tetsuo Takeda 
 Cathy "Cat" 
 Takashi Todoroki 
 Tokunosuke Hyori 
 Dr. Faker 's group 
 Under  Mr. Heartland 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kaito Tenjo 
 Orbital 7 
 Haruto Tenjo 
 Captain Corn 
 Thunder Spark 
 Cologne 
 Under  Kyoji Yagumo 
 Kyoji Yagumo 
 Eviluder 
 Hishakaku 
 Shadow 
 
 Yuma 's family 
 Akari Tsukumo 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mirai Tsukumo 
 Other characters 
 Ryoga "Shark" Kamishiro 
 Grandpa Demetto 
 Luna 
 Number 20's holder 
 Number 63's holder 
 Yuji Yagumo 
 E'Rah 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/ZX-001_Haru.png/revision/latest?cb=20171220195256']
Categories: Characters, Haru Tsukumo pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters