Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bakura,_King_of_Thieves_(manga)


 
 Bakura, King of Thieves 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bakura, King of Thieves 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 盗 賊 王 バクラ 盗賊王バクラ とうぞくおうバクラ Rōmaji: ( Tōzokuō Bakura ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Dark Bakura  (entity composed of his spirit) 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 6: " The Evil Shadow " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Bakura, King of Thieves  ( 盗 賊 王 バクラ  Tōzokuō Bakura ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of Bakura, King of Thieves, known as  Bandit King Bakura  in the English anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   History 
 1.2   Millennium World 
 
 
 2   Ka 
 3   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Bakura was a villager in  Kul Elna  and was its only survivor when  Akhenaden  and  his forces massacred the village , sacrificing 99 humans to create the  Millennium Items . At the time, he was only a child and watched in horror as his family and friends were killed and their bodily components used to create the seven Millennium Items. However, Bakura soon acquired a powerful Ka: " Diabound ," created from his hate and the vengeful spirits of Kul Elna. As a result, he soon developed a violent hatred and felt a grudge for the Pharaoh  Akhenamkhamen  for ordering the massacre and the royal family, including his son  Atem . Additionally, Bakura developed a desire to reclaim the Millennium Items and return them to the  Millennium Stone  and gain the powers of  Zorc Necrophades  to drown the world in darkness together with the spirits of the deceased villagers of Kul Elna. As a result, Bakura soon waged war on the newly crowned Pharaoh Atem and his forces. The full details of this conflict aren't known. However, the  High Priests  and Atem were able to kill Bakura before eventually having his soul sealed within the  Millennium Ring [1]  alongside a portion of Zorc's soul, eventually merging with it to create  a new entity .
 
 Millennium World 
 Bakura was one of  Dark Bakura 's characters in the  Shadow RPG . 
 Bakura robs various treasures from the tomb of the former Pharaoh, Akhenamkhamen, including his mummy, and  assaults the Palace of the Pharaoh , introducing his  ka,  Diabound, to the royal court and demands for the Millennium Items. Inflamed by the fact that he brought the mummy, the priests rise up to challenge him. Diabound easily defeats the  ka  of the priests and has the upper hand, until  Atem  summons " The God of Obelisk ", whose strength is equal with Diabound's, causing him to flee.  
 The next day, he follows  Mahado  into the  Valley of the Kings . Mahado's men block off the entrance of a cave where Mahado and Bakura went inside so that Bakura couldn't escape. Mahado summons his  ka, " Illusion Magician ". Bakura has the upper hand during the Duel, eventually stealing the  Millennium Ring  from Mahado. However, the Duel turns out to be a draw when Mahado sacrificed his life to fuse his  ka  and  ba  together to create " Dark Magician ". Mahado then creates a blast so powerful that Bakura is believed to have died.  
 Injured after this battle, he enters an inn, demanding lots of food, and his payment is a golden bracelet worth more than the inn itself. Whilst eating, a group of men surround him, threatening to kill him and take the gold around his neck, including the Millennium Ring. Bakura then mutters something and the men were mutilated, just as he finished his food and got up to raid the city again.  
 He enters the monster shrine, where Akhenaden stays in. Bakura decides that Akhenaden could be useful to him if he let him live, and puts a part of  Zorc's  soul into the  Millennium Eye  to put an influence on Akhenaden's mind. He then flees, with Atem in pursuit. Atem summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon " to battle Diabound. However, since Diabound defeated Mahado's " Shadow Ghoul ", Diabound acquired the ability to hide in the dark. He uses this as an advantage to stealthily attack "Slifer". When Diabound is just about to kill "Slifer",  Seto's  " Duos " blocks the attack, the priests having arrived. Atem eventually sacrifices Slifer to be able to tell where Diabound is hiding. Seeing Diabound's blast, Seto orders one of his  ka  to attack Diabound. However, they noticed that he stabs " Illushu " instead and it blocks the attack. Because "Slifer" is destroyed, Atem is severely crippled. Bakura then explains that the reason he had his thirst for blood and desire for murder is due to the "will of the Millennium Items", as well as the fact that he could hear the grudge of the thieves in  Hell  from the Millennium Items. As Atem is about to give Bakura the Millennium Puzzle,  Yugi Mutou  and his friends arrive, causing Atem's  ba  to be restored. Atem then summons " The Sun Dragon Ra " which destroys Diabound and kills Bakura. However, Akhenaden's future self,  the High Priest of Darkness , reverses time, to the point where Diabound destroyed Slifer, allowing Bakura to steal the  Millenium Pendant , and causing Atem to fall into an abyss.  
 Bakura returns to Kul Elna and inserts the Millennium Ring and the Millennium Puzzle into the Millennium Tablet, telling the spirits of the deceased villagers that they will claim Zorc's power and "steal the world". Bakura then awaits the arrival of Atem and his guardians in Kul Elna and calls upon "Diabound" to fight them. Mahado arrives in the form of "Dark Magician" to aid Atem and  Mana  comes with " Dark Magician Girl " to help as well. Although the attacks of these spellcasters are powerful, "Diabound" is protected by a shield created by the spirits of those who died in the Kul Elna incident. Seto,  Kalim  and  Isis  arrive, and Seto and Kalim combine their " Duos " and " Curse of Dragon " respectively to create " Duos Dragon ". This new beast is able to combat "Diabound" until Bakura uses "Bone Snapper" to attack Kalim himself, killing Kalim and destroying "Curse of Dragon" and separating the fusion. However, Kalim's last act was melting a part of the ghost shield with "Duos Dragon". "Dark Magician" then blasts "Diabound", using the opening in the ghost shield, and destroys it. With "Diabound" defeated, Bakura is on the verge of death and desperately attempts to put the Millennium Items back into the Millennium Tablet. However, due to the fact that some of the items are still with their respective guardians, this is worthless until Akhenaden arrives and paralyzes the entire group. The Great Priest of Darkness then tells him he has served his purpose and reduces him to sand.
 
 Ka 
 Bakura has used the following  ka :
 
 Diabound 
 Illushu 
 Bone Snapper 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-GPZIzFGXhIE/U-3J0FJzX-I/AAAAAAABcs8/YEK1aQtTEIQ/s1600/015.jpg 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/Thief_Bakura_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171110225011']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters