Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Obelisk_the_Tormentor_(character)


 
 Obelisk the Tormentor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card
 
 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 
 Names
 
 
 Japanese
 
 
 オベリスクの 巨 神 兵 
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Oberisuku no Kyoshinhei
 
 
 
 Alternate names
 
 
 Obelisk the Giant God Soldier
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
 
 
 French
 
 
 Obelisk le Tourmenteur
 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances
 
 
 Anime debut
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 085: " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anime
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 
 
 Personal
 
 
 Gender
 
 
 Male 
 
 
 Loyalty
 
 
 Affiliation
 
 
 Egyptian Gods 
 
 
 Obelisk the Tormentor , known as  Obelisk the Giant God Soldier  in the Japanese version, is a character version of the card " Obelisk the Tormentor ", in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . He is one of the most powerful monster spirits, the  Egyptian Gods . His corresponding  Duel Monsters  card is " Obelisk the Tormentor ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Doma 
 2.4   Pyramid of Light 
 2.5   Memory World 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 Obelisk is a massive muscular blue-skinned humanoid. Obelisk has simple, triangular wings that are about the same height as Obelisk itself. Obelisk's large shoulder pauldrons have two large spikes protruding vertically, its forearm armor has spikes protruding at the elbows, and its groin and knees are armored with diamond-shaped plates, while a shield-shaped plate covers the posterior. Obelisk's feet are anisodactyl, with three toes in front and a single one behind; its hands are more human, with spiked, sheath-like claws covering its fingertips and small diamond-shaped plates covering the knuckles.
 Obelisk's head is covered in spikes; twin spikes jut from its cheeks, long spikes sideways from the back of the head, two from the temples, a short spike on the chin, and a tri-spiked crest on the top of its head. Obelisk's mouth is lipless, with pointed white teeth. Obelisk has red eyes, and the sapphire common to the Egyptian Gods in its forehead.
 Obelisk's form differs in the Memory World arc; its spikes are shorter and more angular in comparison to the curved spikes seen in the present. The largest difference is its crest; the outer spikes extend further both upwards and downwards, and the crest and chest have darker blue markings on them.
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Obelisk is one of the three  Egyptian Gods , along with  Slifer the Sky Dragon  and  The Winged Dragon of Ra . These monsters were only capable of being summoned by the chosen Pharaoh, which is revealed to be Atem.
 When  Thief King Bakura  invaded the Pharaoh's palace after plundering  Aknamkanon 's tomb, he engaged in a ka battle with the priests. During the battle, Aknamkanon's son,  Pharaoh Atem , heard his father's spirit uttering "justice lies in the name of the gods". With that, Atem managed to summon Obelisk to fight  Diabound , forcing Bakura to retreat.
 
 Battle City 
         The  Egyptian Gods  as cards.     
 3000 years later,  Maximillion Pegasus  created cards depicting the three Egyptian Gods, for his game  Duel Monsters . However the souls of the Gods came to dwell in the cards, making them powerful weapons. On realizing this, Pegasus regarded their creation as one of his greatest mistakes. He tried to destroy the God Cards, but could not bring himself to do it, so he had the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities bury the cards in different locations in the  Valley of the Kings . The  Rare Hunters  managed to steal the " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " The Winged Dragon of Ra " cards. However the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities was able to prevent them finding the " Obelisk the Tormentor " card.  Ishizu Ishtar , from the council, later gave it to  Seto Kaiba , so that he would host the  Battle City  tournament to retrieve the other two.
 Kaiba used "Obelisk the Tormentor" in many of his Duels in the Battle City preliminaries. In his quarter final Duel against Ishizu Ishtar, Ishizu had used the  Millennium Necklace  to see in the future. She played the Duel in accordance to her foresight, which would result in her destroying "Obelisk the Tormentor" and winning. However after seeing a vision of  Priest Seto  and  Kisara , Kaiba felt compelled to Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and did so by Tributing "Obelisk", allowing him to win the Duel instead. [1] [2]  During Kaiba's semi final Duel against  Yami Yugi , they got their Egyptian Gods, "Slifer the Sky Dragon" and "Obelisk the Tormentor" to battle, which destroyed both of them, and caused Yami and Kaiba to see a vision of an ancient city. Here Slifer and Obelisk were turned to stone, while Priest Seto and Pharaoh Atem battled. [3]  When Kaiba lost the Duel, he gave Yami Yugi the "Obelisk the Tormentor" card in accordance with the tournament rules. [4]  Yami Yugi proceeded to use "Obelisk" in his final Duel against  Yami Marik .
 
 Doma 
 In order to regain his memories, Yami Yugi presented the three Egyptian Gods to the stone tablet in the museum. However, the God cards began to crackle with dark energy as  Dartz  drained their power. Yami was then interrupted as Duel Monster spirits began appearing throughout the city. Later that day, Dartz's men broke into  Kame Game  and stole the God Cards. Yugi and his friends chased after Dartz's men and Yami Yugi engaged in a Duel with one of them,  Gurimo . Despite not being a chosen Duelist, Gurimo was able to Summon "Obelisk the Tormentor" and harness its power through " The Seal of Orichalcos ". [5]  After losing, Gurimo threw the "Obelisk" card to  Rafael  before Yami could take it back. [6]  Rafael,  Alister  and  Valon  brought the Egyptian God cards to Dartz, who placed them in the mouths of three stone serpents in order to use their power to summon  The Great Leviathan . [7] 
 After defeating Dartz in a Duel, Yami retrieved the Egyptian God cards, though their strength had already been drained. [8]  After Yami Yugi's soul had been absorbed into The Great Leviathan, the other souls Dartz had captured were able to lend him their strength. With it, Yami called out, "In the name of the Pharaoh, awaken!" and summoned the three Egyptian Gods. By summoning them, Yami was also able to free himself,  Joey Wheeler  and Seto Kaiba from the Leviathan. Obelisk, Slifer and Ra engaged in battle with The Great Leviathan. The three were powered by the light of other people's souls, and managed to defeat it. [9]  However the Leviathan reappeared in a different form within Dartz, which Yami managed to defeat. [10] 
 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Kaiba Dueled and defeated Pegasus to obtain a card capable of defeating the Egyptian God cards.  Anubis  added an extra card, " Pyramid of Light " to Kaiba's prize. Kaiba went on to face Yami Yugi in a Duel and used " Obligatory Summon " to force him to Summon the Egyptian God cards and then activated "Pyramid of Light". Out of curiosity, Obelisk touched the pyramid. He, Ra, and Slifer were then  removed from play . [11] 
 
 Memory World 
 When Yami Yugi entered the  Memory World , he relived some of his life as Pharaoh Atem and fought the battle against Thief Bakura, in which he summoned Obelisk, again.
 The Pharaoh used the three Egyptian Gods to battle  Zorc Necrophades . However Zorc managed to overpower them and turn them into stone. [12]  Upon relearning his name, Atem was able to summon the three Gods again, this time from the cards in Yugi's Deck. He then combined them into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [13] 
 Yugi  and Atem constructed separate Decks for the  Ceremonial Battle , which Atem needed to lose in order to pass on to the afterlife. Despite needing to lose, Atem gave the Duel his all. He included the three Egyptian God cards in his Deck and managed to Summon the three of them at once in the Duel. However Yugi was able to destroy them and win.
 
 Other appearances 
 The God of the Obelisk (manga) Obelisk the Tormentor ( Duel Monsters  and  World Championship ) 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 93: " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 94: " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 132: " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 135: " Battle for the Bronze - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 145: " A New Evil - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 146: " A New Evil - Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 147: " Legend of the Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 182: " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 183: " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 184: " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 217: " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 219: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Obelisk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20131204042124', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Egyptian-God-Cards.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170320113550', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Obelisk_the_Tormentor_-_manga_character.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20141123174039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/81/Obelisk_the_Tormentor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20100427074741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Duel Monster Spirits, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters