Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Leo_(Duel_Links)


 
 Leo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Leo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 龍亞 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Luna  (sister) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Leo Deck Disciple of Courage Crafter of Strength Bringer of Justice and Love Power Tool Blast 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Ai Horanai 
 
 
 
 Leo  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Leo , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 12 of 5D's Duel World, at which point his Character Unlock Missions become available.
 Green  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Leo at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 
 3.3.1   Stardust Cup 
 
 
 3.4   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 3.4.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 3.5   Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 
 3.5.1   Level 30 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Luna's older twin brother. Leo feels it's his duty to protect his frail sister. With boundless energy, no mistake or pratfall will get him down. His Machine-Type Deck is overflowing with Morphtronics. His ace monster is " Power Tool Dragon ".
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Leo Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Disk Magician  x3 
 Golgoil  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Machine Attacker 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 Mighty Morphing Power Tools Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen  x3 
 Morphtronic Celfon 
 Morphtronic Radion  x3 
 Morphtronic Slingen  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D  x3 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Traps 
 Morphtronic Bind 
 Morphtronics, Scramble!  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Disciple of Strength Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gadget Driver 
 Morphtronic Clocken 
 Morphtronic Datatron  x3 
 Morphtronic Magnen 
 Morphtronic Magnen Bar  x3 
 Morphtronic Vacuumen  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Morphtronic Cord  x2 
 Traps 
 Power-Up Adapter  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Crafter of Strength Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gadget Driver  x2 
 Gadget Hauler 
 Morphtronic Celfon 
 Morphtronic Datatron  x3 
 Morphtronic Magnen 
 Morphtronic Vacuumen  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Remoten  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Factory of 100 Machines 
 Morphtronic Engine  x3 
 Traps 
 Morphtransition 
 Morphtronic Monitron  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Bringer of Justice and Love Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gadget Driver 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen  x3 
 Morphtronic Cameran  x2 
 Morphtronic Celfon  x2 
 Morphtronic Staplen 
 Morphtronic Videon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Remoten  x2 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x3 
 Morphtronic Smartfon Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Morphtronic Engine  x2 
 Morphtronic Repair Unit 
 Morphtronic Rusty Engine 
 Traps 
 Morphtransition 
 Level 40 
 
 Power Tool Blast Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen  x2 
 Morphtronic Cameran 
 Morphtronic Celfon  x3 
 Morphtronic Videon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Remoten  x2 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D  x3 
 Morphtronic Cord  x2 
 Junk Box 
 Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 Stardust Cup 
 
 Magic and Might Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen 
 Morphtronic Cameran  x2 
 Morphtronic Celfon  x2 
 Morphtronic Datatron  x2 
 Morphtronic Videon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Remoten 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x2 
 Morphtronic Smartfon Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Power Tool Mecha Dragon Spells  (8) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D 
 Factory of 100 Machines 
 Junk Box 
 Megamorph 
 Morphtronic Repair Unit 
 Power Pickaxe 
 Rocket Pilder 
 United We Stand 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Special Cup 
Skill: "Major Motor" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play 1 "Power Tool Dragon" from outside of the Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 Mighty Morphing Power Tools Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen  x3 
 Morphtronic Celfon 
 Morphtronic Slingen  x2 
 Morphtronic Radion  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Double Tool C&D  x3 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Traps 
 Morphtronic Bind 
 Morphtronics, Scramble!  x2 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Level 30 
 
 Bringer of Justice and Love (Incomplete, In progress) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Morphtronic Boomboxen  x3 
 Morphtronic Cameran 
 Morphtronic Celfon  x2 
 Morphtronic Staplen 
 Morphtronic Slingen 
 Tuner monsters 
 Morphtronic Lantron 
 Morphtronic Remoten  x2 
 Morphtronic Scopen  x3 
 Morphtronic Smartfon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Power Tool Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Morphtronic Rusty Engine 
 Morphtronic Engine 
 Morphtronic Repair Unit 
 Traps 
 Morphtransition 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Leo reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Gadget Driver "
 
 
 4
 
 Courage and Strength ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Leo)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Factory of 100 Machines "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Leo)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Gadget Driver "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Monitron "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Level Augmentation ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Factory of 100 Machines "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Monitron "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Gadget Driver "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Equipment Exchange ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Factory of 100 Machines "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Cameran "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Monitron "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Leo)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Smartfon "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Lantron "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Morphtronic Smartfon "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Leo, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Morphtronic Videon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Morphtronic Cameran "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Morphtronic Repair Unit "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Morphtronic Map "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Morphtronic Mix-up "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Morphtronic Vacuumen "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Morphtronic Cord "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Power-Up Adapter "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Gadget Hauler "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Morphtronic Magnen Bar "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Courage and Strength
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Morphtronic Remoten " to your Deck. Then, add 1 " Power Tool Dragon " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Equipment Exchange
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Return up to 2 cards, including at least 1 Equip Spell Card, from your hand to the bottom of your Deck. Then, draw the same number of cards as you returned. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Equipment Restock
 
 Can be used if you have 3 or more Equip Spell Cards in your Graveyard. Randomly add 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard to your hand, and return all other Equip Spell Cards in your Graveyard to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Heart
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 "Morphtronic Lantron" to your Deck. Then, add 1 "Power Tool Dragon" and "Life Stream Dragon" to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effects can be used the turn you Synchro Summon "Power Tool Dragon". Play 1 "Morphtronic Lantron" from your hand in Defense Position. This effect can only be used once per Duel. During the turn this effect is activated, you cannot Special Summon any monsters, except Synchro Monsters that list a Synchro Monster as material.
 
 Event
 
 
 Tunermorph: Normal
 
 Reveal 1 Tuner monster in your hand and select a Normal Monster on your side of the field. The selected monster is treated as a Tuner monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Leo announces "Yusei! You gotta check out how much tougher I am now!"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "Yusei, you believe in yourself. So I decided I would too!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "I'm not the best yet, but my friends will help me improve!" 
 Jack Atlas 
 When starting a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Leo announces "Jack, I won't let your Power Deck push me over!"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "I'm gonna be as cool as you, Jack!" followed by "Even if you're not the King anymore, you're still cool..." 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "Jack, you really are awesome!" followed by "I'll be as strong as you someday!" 
 Crow Hogan 
 When starting a Duel with  Crow Hogan , Leo announces "Your tricks may be tricky, but they won't fool me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "Maybe I should take your spot on Team 5D's!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "Your tricks are tricky! I couldn't predict any of your moves!" followed "But your Blackwings are so unfair." 
 Akiza Izinski 
 When starting a Duel with  Akiza Izinski , Leo announces "If I defeat you, am I the best Duelist at Duel Academy?"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "I defeated Akiza! I'll rule the school in no time!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "That's why you get the best grades. I never had a chance!" 
 Luna 
 When starting a Duel with  Luna , Leo announces "Luna! Your bro's gonna reach the top!"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "You thought I was awesome? Aww...!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "Sigh... I'm such a bad brother..." 
 Tetsu Trudge 
 When starting a Duel with  Tetsu Trudge , Leo announces "Officer Trudge... Are your skills as scary as your face?"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says “See? Adults aren't always better then kids!” followed by "Me and Power Tool Dragon dealt you justice!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says "I thought you'd be a bum, but boy was I wrong." 
 Aporia 
 When starting a Duel against  Aporia , Leo announces "I'd be lying if I said my knees weren't shaking..." followed by "But I promised to protect Luna, so that's what I'll do!"
 When he wins the Duel, Leo says "As long as I'm alive, I'm not giving up!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Leo says  "I gotta try harder!" followed by "I can't just watch from the sidelines!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Leo Summons " Life Stream Dragon ", he chants  "Courage and Power lead to a revolution for peace!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Leo briefly appears, and he announces "Evolve! Life Stream Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Life Stream Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Life Stream Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Life Stream Dragon attacks!" followed by "Beautiful Life!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Synchro Summoning Life Stream Dragon, I have 4000 Life Points!" 
 When Leo Summons " Power Tool Dragon ", he chants  "Machine and might combine to bring peace to the world!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Leo briefly appears and he then announces "The monster with some major motor! Power Tool Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Power Tool Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Power Tool Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Power Tool Dragon!" followed by "Crafty Break!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Power Tool Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Power Search!" 
 When Leo Summons " Ancient Fairy Dragon ", he chants  "The magic that lives in each creature merge and become one!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Leo briefly appears and he announces "Protect me, Ancient Fairy Dragon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Help me out, Ancient Fairy Dragon!" followed by "Eternal Sunshine!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 4 or lower monster from my hand!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Plain Back!" 
 When Leo Summons " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ", he chants  "If you want to feel the steel, be my guest!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Leo briefly appears and he announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I'll attack with Power Tool Mecha Dragon!" followed by "Full Metal Demolition!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By equipping an Equip Spell, Power Tool let's me draw!" followed by "Equip Bonus!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Power Tool can steal an Equip card!" followed by "Equip Grappling!" 
 When Leo Summons " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", he chants  "The spirit of the ancient forest takes solid form!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Leo's face briefly appears, and he announces "Ancient Pixie Dragon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Ancient Pixie Dragon!" followed by "Fairy Tale Whip!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Pixie Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "When a Field Spell activates on my turn, I draw a card!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "With a Field in play, Ancient Pixie Dragon uses it's effect!" followed by "I get to destroy a monster in attack position!" then followed by "Spirit Burial!" 
 When Leo Summons " Gadget Hauler ", a cut-in frame of Leo's face briefly appears and he announces "Drive on in, Gadget Hauler!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gadget Hauler attacks!" followed by "Gadget Cannon!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I'm gonna use Gadget Hauler's effect!" 
 When Leo Summons " Comrade Swordsman of Landstar ", he announces "I'd rather have Machines in my deck but whatever. It's all good!" followed by "Comrade Swordsman of Landstar!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Comrade Swordsman of Landstar attacks!" 
 When Leo Summons " Gadget Arms ", he announces "Let's do this thing! Gadget Arms!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gadget Arms attacks!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gadget Arms's effect!" followed by "I'm adding a Morphtronic Spell or Trap in my grave to my hand!" 
 When Leo Summons " Gadget Driver ", he announces "Gadget Driver! Do your thing!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gadget Driver attacks!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I'll toss Gadget Driver to the grave to activate its effect!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Boarden ", he announces "Go go go! Morphtronic Boarden!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slam 'em, Boarden!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Boomboxen ", he announces "Okay! Morphtronic Boomboxen!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em, Boomboxen!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Boomboxen's Defense Position effect activates!" followed by "When a Morphtronic is attacked, I can negate that attack!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Cameran ", he announces "Snap to it, Morphtronic Cameran!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cameran! Attack!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cameran's Attack Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Celfon ", he announces "Check this out! Morphtronic Celfon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Celfon attacks!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I'll use Celfon's Attack Position effect!" followed by "Dialing now!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I'll use Celfon's Defense Position effect!" followed by "Dialing now!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Clocken ", he announces "Here comes Morphtronic Clocken!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Clock 'em, Clocken!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Clocken's Defense Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Datatron ", he announces "Ta daa! Morphtronic Datatron!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Datatron attacks!" followed by "Datatron Corruptor Cannon!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Datatron's Attack Position effect activates!" followed by "Datatron Corruptor Cannon!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Datatron's Defense Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Lantron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Morphtronic Lantron!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lantron, attack!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lantron's Defense Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Magnen ", he announces "Oh yeah! Here's Morphtronic Magnen!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Magnen!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Magnen Bar ", he announces "Come on out, Morphtronic Magnen Bar!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Magnen Bar attacks!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Magnen Bar's Attack Position effect!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Radion ", he announces "Morphtronic Radion! You're on!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Radion! Attack!" followed by "Blast their earbuds!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Remoten ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Morphtronic Remoten!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Remoten!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I'm using Remoten's Attack Position effect!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I'm using Remoten's Defense Position effect!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Scopen ", he announces "My Tuner Monster, Morphtronic Scopen!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Scopen!" 
 When Leo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Scopen's Attack Position effect!" followed by "I can Special Summon a Level 4 Morphtronic from my hand!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Slingen ", he announces "Let's go, Morphtronic Slingen!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Slingen!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Slingen's Attack Position effect!" 
 When Leo Special Summons " Morphtronic Smartfon ", he announces "I Special Summon Morphtronic Smartfon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ring their bell, Smartfon!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Smartfon's Attack Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Smartfon's Defense Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Vacuumen ", he announces "Here's Morphtronic Vacuumen!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Vacuumen! Suck 'em up!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Vacuumen's Attack Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Vacuumen's Defense Position effect activates!" 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Videon ", he announces "Morphtronic Videon!"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Videon attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Leo activates " Double Ripple ", he announces "As long as I have a single Life Point, I won't give up!" followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Double Ripple!" followed by "I call out Power Tool Dragon and Ancient Fairy Dragon!" 
 When Leo activates " Break! Draw! ", he announces "I'll use my Equip Spell! Break! Draw!" 
 When Leo activates " Central Shield ", he announces "My monster equipped with this can zero out damage!" followed by "Central Shield!" 
 When Leo activates " Dark Bribe ", he announces "My Counter Trap activates! Dark Bribe!" 
 When Leo activates " Double Tool C&D ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Double Tool C&D!" 
 When Leo activates " Factory of 100 Machines ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Factory of 100 Machines!" 
 When Leo activates " Junk Box ", he announces "My Spell Card, Junk Box!" followed by "I use Junk Box to Special Summon a Morphtronic monster!" 
 When Leo activates " Magical Mallet ", he announces "The Spell Card, Magical Mallet!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtransition ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Morphtransition!” followed by "Your attack's negated, and my Morphtronic changes position!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Accelerator ", he announces "Morphtronic Accelerator! I return a Morphtronic to my deck!" followed by "That let's me destroy a card on the field and draw a new one!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Cord ", he announces "I equip Morphtronic Cord on a Morphtronic Monster!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Leo announces "You're about to feel Morphtronic Cord's effect!" followed by "By changing battle position, a Spell or Trap's a goner!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Engine ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Morphtronic Engine!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Forcefield ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap! Morphtronic Forcefield!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Map ", he announces "The Field Spell, Morphtronic Map!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Mix-up ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Morphtronic Mix-up!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Monitron ", he announces "My Contentious Trap, Morphtronic Monitron!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Repair Unit ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Morphtronic Repair Unit!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Rusty Engine ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Morphtronic Rusty Engine!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronics, Scramble! ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Morphtronics, Scramble!!" 
 When Leo activates " Pain to Power ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Pain to Power! You're in for it now!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Leo announces "Pain to Power's effect activates!" 
 When Leo activates " Power Break ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Power Break!" 
 When Leo activates " Power Converter ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Power Converter!" 
 When Leo activates " Power Pickaxe ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Power Pickaxe!" 
 When Leo activates " Power-Up Adapter ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Power-Up Adapter!" 
 When Leo activates " Rocket Pilder ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Rocket Pilder!" 
 When Leo activates " Twister ", he announces "I use my Quick-Play Spell! Twister!" 
 When Leo activates " Urgent Tuning ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Urgent Tuning!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Leo Summons " Morphtronic Staplen ", he announces "I'm counting on you, Morphtronic Staplen"
 Most of the time when he declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Staplen, attack!" 
 When Leo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Staplen's effect while in Attack Position!" 
 When Leo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Staplen's effect while in Defense Position!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Leo activates " Limiter Removal ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell! Limiter Removal!" 
 When Leo activates " Megamorph ", he announces "Here come's my big winning combo! I equip the Equip Spell, Megamorph!" 
 When Leo activates " Morphtronic Bind ", he announces "My Continuous Trap, Morphtronic Bind!" 
 Trivia 
 Two references of the  Card of the week   segment from the Dark Signers arc can be found in the Japanese voice clips of the twins.
 One is from the title screen of the app. The speech translates to-
 Both twins: "What will it be, What will it be? This is today's app!" 
 Leo: "Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links!" 
 Luna : "Let's try our best today too!" 
 Another is in one of their taunts (Voice Clips that can be chosen by the player by tapping on the icon of their character during a duel). 
 Although the Card of the Week is absent from the dub, the English localization of Duel Links translate both references. The former is said as
 Both twins: "Which app will I play today? This one!" 
 Leo: "Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links! Yeah!" 
 Luna: "Let's win again today!", while the latter is said as "What will today's card be? This one!" 
 The inclusion of " Ancient Pixie Dragon " and " Power Tool Mecha Dragon " as card-specfic dialogue comes from Leo's use of those cards in the  D1 Grand Prix  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 The inclusion of " Comrade Swordsman of Landstar " as card-specific dialogue comes from Leo's brief usage of that card in  episode 67  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 The dialogue itself references how Leo used this card with a  Duel Academy  Deck that was comprised of only  Warrior -type Monster cards, and Leo's " Power Tool Dragon " was deemed invalid for the assigned Deck. 
 Leo has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: "I won't let you hurt Luna!" followed by "It's my role as her big bro to save her from you!" 
 Winning: "Even if I make a fool of myself, I'll protect Luna!" 
 Losing: "If I lose now, Luna will be..." 
 Leo has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Primo  or  Paradox .
 Starting: "I'd be lying if I said my knees weren't shaking..." followed by "But I promised to protect Luna, so that's what I'll do!" 
 Winning: "Even if I make a fool out of myself, I'll protect Luna!" 
 Losing: "I gotta try harder!" followed by "I can't just watch from the sidelines!" 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Akiza Izinski, Crow Hogan, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Signers who share similar, if not identical dialogue for some of the  Signer Dragons :
 Yusei Fudo, Akiza Izinski -  Stardust Dragon 
 Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudo -  Black-Winged Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski, Yusei Fudo -  Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, Luna, Yusei Fudo - Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Life Stream Dragon 
 Luna, Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 The inclusion of "Ancient Fairy Dragon" as card-specific dialogue references Leo using that said card when he, alongside Jack and Luna, took part in the Ground Duel against  Aporia . 
 v e 
 Leo  (Lua / Rua) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/Leo-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/246?cb=20181030065639', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Profile-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925151004', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Icon-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925173711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Icon-DULI-Leo2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925195516', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/59/Chibi-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231165645', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/CutIn-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925170621', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/Summoning-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925171135', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Defeat-DULI-Leo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925131251', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Leo pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters