Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lilly

For the  World Duel Carnival  version of this character, see  Lillybot (World Duel Carnival) .      
 For the card, see  Lillybot (card) .      
 
 
 Lillybot 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Lillybot 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Lillybot 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Obomi 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Lilly Obomina Shining Romanov (Japanese) 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 オボミ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Orbital 7  ("husband") Two unnamed "children" 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Junk Robot 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 21: " Battle with the Bot " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuuko Sanpei 
 
 
 
 Lillybot , often referred to as just  Lilly  and known as  Obomi  (オボミ,  Obomi ) in the Japanese version, is a  litterbot  appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Anime biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-WDC 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Junk Robot 
 3.2   Duel Puzzle 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Lilly is a blue  litterbot  that wears  Tori Meadows ' ribbon on one side of its green protrusions.
 
 Personality 
 Lilly is one of the few sentient robots in the series, but is limited in speech and emotion compared to  Orbital 7 . According to  Tori , she is a female robot. As with most  litterbots , it tends to say "cleaning" and "garbage" a lot. It tends to call  Yuma  "Trash" in several ways, namely "Hetakuso", which in English means "extreme clumsiness", roughly translating it to "clumsy", which often makes him mad. (In the dub, she instead tells him he "stinks", which may or may not be referring to his hygiene.)
 
 Anime biography 
 Pre-WDC 
 Lilly was one of the four  litterbots  that were controlled by  Goda , who had programmed them to play  Duel Monsters  in order to solve the  Duel Puzzles  that were required to shut down the security systems at a  jewelery store  he wished to rob. While escaping by van, Lilly tried to catch up with him, but a family of ducks walked onto the road and the litterbot saved them by storing them inside herself before being knocked into the river.
 The next day,  Yuma  and his friends discovered a duckling, which led them to discover the litterbot washed up on shore with the mother duck inside. After setting the mother duck free,  Tori  asked Yuma to fix the litterbot, though Yuma had no clue of what to do. Due to one of the cables being severed, Tori helped by lending one of her heart pins to bind the cable, reviving the broken litterbot. After reviving, the litterbot formed a bond with Yuma. After the litterbot defeated Yuma in a Duel, the litterbot took Tori's ribbon and tied it on herself leading Tori to assume it's a female litterbot. This led Tori to name it "Obomina Shining Romanov", which Yuma shortened to Obomi (in the dub, Tori suggested giving her a proper name, and Yuma said he doesn't want to give her a "lame" name like "Lilly-bot", but the litterbot eagerly accepted the name). The three friends enjoyed the day with Lilly, playing basketball, skateboarding, and beating both Yuma and  Bronk  in a Duel. Lilly stayed the night in Yuma's garage. However, during the night, Goda reactivated his control over Lilly, forcing her to steal for him again. Before she left, Lilly dropped one of her cards, " Star Light, Star Bright ".
 
       Lilly's Dueling mode     
 The following morning, after finding Lilly's card, Yuma discovered that Lilly was involved in the recent thefts in the city. Yuma and friends searched for Lilly and confronted Goda. However, he managed to get away as Lilly caused distraction. Yuma Dueled Lilly, hoping that he could snap Lilly out of the thief's control. During the Duel, Goda triggered a 1-minute countdown to blow up the litterbot, but Yuma successfully stopped the countdown by defeating Lilly.
 Afterwards, Lilly became a common friend to Yuma and stayed at his house, tossing Yuma the rice balls he eats in tough Duel situations, or doing household chores.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 During the course of returning home, Lillybot crashed into  Orbital 7 . Lillybot smacked him away for crashing into her. Orbital 7 returned to the park, confused about his feelings where he crashed into Lillybot again on her way back home. He then discovered a list she dropped suggesting, "help", or "Tasukete", which he assumed was a call for distress; in reality, it was Lilly's way of remembering what to buy based on the first katakana characters (in the dub, the note says "SAVE ME", which was abbreviated for " SA lt,  VE ggies,  M eat, and  E ggs). Orbital 7 followed her to  Yuma's  home where be believed Yuma was a cruel slave driver and devised a way to save Lillybot, setting up a  satellite cannon .
 The following day, Orbital challenged Yuma to a Duel in order to save Lillybot. The Duel took place near a river where Yuma,  Ray ,  Tori  and Lillybot came to observe. During the Duel, Orbital managed to bring out his ace monster, " Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon ", which overwhelmed Yuma. However, Yuma managed to turn the Duel around by Summoning his three " Djinn " monsters and destroying Orbital 7's ace card, winning the Duel. Regardless of the outcome, Orbital had programmed the satellite cannon to fire down on Yuma. Lilly came in close contact with Yuma, mocking him in her own way, but doing so also put her in the line of fire (in the dub, she tells Yuma it's dinner time). Orbital heroically dashed towards her and pushed her out of harm's way as the laser blasted Yuma and Orbital 7. This left the two of them burned. Tori then learned that Orbital 7 had fallen in love with Lillybot and suggested they start off as friends, with Orbital joining hands with Lilly. Lilly kindly responded with a kind first greeting, which made Orbital happy. [1]  One night at dinner, Yuma was eating his dinner at a fast pace. Lillybot came in and offered Yuma seconds. The next day, when Yuma tried to leave his  home , Haru called out to him. Surprised, Yuma turned around and found his family waiting for him at the door. Lillybot tossed Yuma some Duel lunch, while warning him to be careful. [2] 
 Later on, Lillybot had  Kari 's computer lock on to the Duel with  Kite  and  Mizar , and watched the Duel with Kari. [3]  She was shown to be happy following Mizar's defeat. [4] 
 After Yuma's and Astral's final Duel, Lillybot was seen together with Orbital 7 and their two " children ", working with the Arclight and Tenjo families to research parallel dimensions. [5] 
 
 Decks 
 Junk Robot 
 Lilly plays a  " Junk Robot " Deck  that uses  Machine - Type  animal-like  monsters  that resemble run-down appliances, which symbolize her job as a cleaner.
 
 
 
 Junk Robot Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Junk Robot Camelcycle 
 Junk Robot Cleanaga 
 Junk Robot Computerkong 
 Junk Robot Teapot Kangaroo Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Recycle Rhinobot 
 Wind-Up Zenmaister Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Eco Spell - Recycle 
 Eco Spell - Reduce Waste 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 1] 
 Mystical Space Typhoon [Notes 1] 
 Star Light, Star Bright [Notes 2] 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted [Notes 1] 
 Dark Shrine Bribery [Notes 1] 
 Mirror Force [Notes 1] 
 Duel Puzzle 
 During the  jewel thief 's robbery, she played a  " Leviair " Deck  in a  Duel Puzzle  in order to disable the security system. The Deck is focused on bringing out the  requirements  for  Xyz Summoning  multiple copies of "Leviair".
 
 
 
 Duel Puzzle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Airorca  x2 
 Spearfish Soldier Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Security System 
 21 
 Win ( Duel Puzzle )
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 21 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Bronk Stone 
 21 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 21 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 134: " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   This card can be seen when she launches the Deck to Duel  Yuma Tsukumo  for the first time. 
 
 ↑   This card is not present in the Deck in her third Duel against  Yuma Tsukumo . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Obomi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110829113120', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Obomi_duel_mode.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120609023221']
Categories: Characters