Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_027


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 027 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 闘 う 男 、 島 直 樹 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tatakau Otoko, Shima Naoki 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Naoki Shima the Fighter 
 
 
 English 
 The Brave Battler 
 
 
 Number 
 027 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 15, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 1, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Writing Life " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Mitsutaka Hirota 
 
 
 Director 
 Yusuke Onoda 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Eran 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yukio Okano Akiko Toyoda Yuji Kaneko 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Diagnosis: Deletion " 
 " Bugging Out " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Brave Battler ", known as " Naoki Shima the Fighter " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 15, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. The English dub aired on Teletoon on December 1, 2018 and on Pluto TV February 19, 2021.
 As  The Deleted  phenomenon begins to affect the real world, everyone begins to panic, and  LINK VRAINS  is put on high alert. Due to something,  Naoki Shima  decides to fight against the  Knights of Hanoi ...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Brave Battler vs. Knight of Hanoi 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 Faust  stands over the fallen  Baira  and  Dr. Genome , swearing to them that he will accomplish what they have failed to do. Meanwhile, at  Yusaku's home ,  Roboppi  and  Ai  "laugh together". 
 Later that night at  Café Nom ,  Kolter  and  Yusaku  report that all of The Deleted have been cured. Yusaku notices that all of their struggles against the  Knights of Hanoi  had been inside the virtual realm - against Baira, this was the first time they faced their enemy in the real world. Kolter knows his hacking can only go so far to prevent the Knights of Hanoi, or anyone else, from knowing that Yusaku is Playmaker. Inside LINK VRAINS, a Knight of Hanoi beats down another innocent duelist. 
 Later at school,  Naoki Shima  tells Yusaku that they can't stand and watch while Playmaker and  Blue Angel  are busy fighting. He claims they need help, but Yusaku isn't interested. He says the anti-virus has solved the problem with The Deleted, they haven't asked anyone for help and finally, bluntly, that Shima isn't good enough. Because if he is, he wouldn't need Yusaku's help. This puts Shima over the edge, and he runs away. Yusaku tells Ai that it's the truth. 
 Shima hides in the  Duel Club  room, and remembers his first day there. Shima proudly proclaimed that he was the King of Games... in the preschool circuit.  Hosoda  wondered whether Shima even beat someone in his own age group, but eased Shima's worries by welcoming him to the Duel Club. Now that it has disbanded, Shima claims it was because of him, the one with the talent to become champion. Suddenly, Shima's A.I. downloads new data, including the " Cyberse Wizard " card, which Shima realizes is Playmaker's card. He then reads a letter apparently sent to his A.I. by Playmaker, asking him to join the battle. Suddenly, Shima imagines being addressed by Playmaker directly. Shima is overjoyed that Playmaker chose him, and therefore, decides to log into LINK VRAINS. 
 Shima appears in LINK VRAINS in an avatar that he himself states, makes him feel like a superhero. Therefore, he "tests his superpowers" by running, only to trip up. He stands up and still claims he's awesome, only to see someone get thrown out of an alleyway ahead of him. A Knight of Hanoi walks past the fallen duelist, disgusted that his opponent is not Playmaker. Another duelist falls behind Shima, and two more are being chased. Shima suddenly realizes what is happening, only to be interrupted by the Knight of Hanoi that was ahead of Shima. Shima claims to be Playmaker's friend, and shows off the "Cyberse Wizard" card as proof. In a real-world lodge, Aso looks on.
 Shima challenges the Knight of Hanoi, declaring his avatar's name for the first time: Brave Battler. His opponent is not impressed by Brave Battler's intro, and Brave Battler starts to panic. Nevertheless, the duel gets underway. The Knight of Hanoi goes first, only to find out that he's started with a  brick  hand. Although the Knight is scared of his opponent already gaining the upper hand, Brave Battler finds out that he can't play any of his starting hand either. The duelists notice each other, smile, and say to each other that they have the hands they need.
 When the Knight of Hanoi plays " Hand Destruction ", a card which forces his opponent to interact, Brave Battler thinks to himself that he's been given respect. However, neither the Knight nor Brave Battler are satisfied with the cards they drew in place of their discards. But, the Knight notices a strategy with the cards he drew, and plays it. Brave Battler's A.I. notes that his opponent is already down to 1000 Life Points. Brave Battler thinks that he can just hope to resurrect one of the " Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest " cards that he discarded. However, his opponent knows what the Brave Battler's thinking, causing him to panic, although he admits that his opponent's correct. The Knight of Hanoi therefore brings out " Steelswarm Hercules " by Tributing his three monsters. 
 Brave Battler's A.I. states the ATK of "Hercules", and the Brave Battler puts on a brave face, though deep down, he's scared. The Knight states "Hercules'" effect despite not being able to use it, and lets Brave Battler have his turn, although he doubts what Brave Battler can do. Brave Battler "shakes his fists" at his opponent, claiming that Playmaker believes in him. He starts his turn and draws the card he showed off earlier. The Knight wonders what it is. Brave Battler is staring at the card in his hand and wonders whether he's worthy of using it. Brave Battler starts dreaming of Playmaker addressing him again, this time with an "endearing smile", only for the opponent he's facing to bark at him impatiently.
 Inside Café Nom, Kolter notices "Cyberse Wizard" being played inside LINK VRAINS, and alerts Yusaku just as he returns at around the same time. Yusaku wonders how the card ended up in someone else's hands. Kolter wonders who Brave Battler is. Ai accuses Brave Battler of stealing Yusaku's card, only for Yusaku to show his copy to Ai. Ai sees that Yusaku's copy has had its digital signature stolen. Aso continues to watch the duel unfold where he is.
 The duel concludes with the Knight's defeat after an attack from "Cyberse Wizard". Brave Battler concludes with a catchphrase. Kolter and Yusaku see Brave Battler's triumph. Yusaku believes their focus needs to shift towards finding out who Brave Battler is, and Kolter gets on it. Meanwhile, the fallen LINK VRAINS duelists from earlier congratulate Brave Battler, who laps up the admiration before logging out. Aso notes this and quickly searches for Brave Battler's identity. He finds it at around the same time Yusaku has. Ai is surprised that the consistent dueling dunce at school would be the Brave Battler. Yusaku brings up the possibility that the Knights of Hanoi already know about him. 
 A while later, Shima walks home from school, bragging out loud about his achievement as "Playmaker's bestest friend", only for Aso to catch his attention from behind, and knock him out. Shima wakes up in an electric chair deep in a dark place, and cries for help. The voice that responds to Shima knows that Shima is the Brave Battler, and forcibly logs him back into LINK VRAINS. Kolter and Yusaku notice, and catch sight of another Knight of Hanoi cornering Brave Battler atop a building. Brave Battler is angry that he was zapped by the chair. The Knight of Hanoi in question declares his name as Faust and calls out to Playmaker to face him, unless he wants to watch his sidekick get his "Cyberse Wizard" stolen. Brave Battler responds that he was entrusted with the card by Playmaker. Yusaku is unaware of ever giving anyone any of his cards. Faust thus decides to duel Brave Battler to get his card. Brave Battler immediately flinches and moves back perilously close to the edge of the building.
 Kolter and Yusaku hear Brave Battler claim to be locked away in a warehouse. Kolter concludes that Faust found Shima in real life and locked him away. Yusaku asks if Kolter can find Faust's real-life home, while he goes into LINK VRAINS to confront Faust. But before he can, Yusaku notices that his Duel Disk is missing. Kolter's cameras later show a feed of  Den City  from above. The camera eventually turns to face Ai, who claims to have re-engineered Playmaker's Duel Disk into a Duel Drone so that he can't be locked up anymore. Yusaku can't think of three reasons why he needs Ai to return, but suddenly suggests having Ai search for Shima from above. Kolter notes that Den City is huge, however, Ai says he knows where to look, because every card has a unique data signal. Upon hearing that Ai has found Shima, Yusaku and Kolter get on the move. 
 Shima protests that he isn't able to  Speed Duel  yet. Faust takes none of it and orders Brave Battler to get on the  D-Board . After Brave Battler refuses again, Faust notes that he is facing a coward, and therefore, a fraud. This makes Brave Battler recall some harsh words at school. Brave Battler eventually points at Faust, agreeing to his challenge. Meanwhile, it is sunset in the real world. Ai is continuing towards Shima's location only to hit a high-rise building's wall. Yusaku asks for Ai's current whereabouts. When Kolter sees that he's getting closer to Ai, Yusaku asks Ai to seek their truck. Ai finds the Café Nom truck but doesn't know how to land. Yusaku asks for the Duel Disk to revert to its normal state, and Ai does so, securing the Duel Disk on Yusaku's arm. After asking Kolter to continue tracking Shima, Yusaku quickly gets into LINK VRAINS.
 
 Featured Duel: Brave Battler vs. Knight of Hanoi 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Master Duel .
 Turn 1: Knight of Hanoi 
KoH's  hand  contains three copies of " Steelswarm Mantis ", " Steelswarm Hercules ", and " Hand Destruction ".  Brave's  hand contains three copies of " Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest " and two copies of " Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest ".
 KoH activates "Hand Destruction", making both players send two cards from their hand to the  GY  and  draw  two cards. KoH sends two copies of "Mantis" to his GY and draws " A Feather of the Phoenix " and " Soul Charge ", while Brave sends two copies of "Green Baboon" to his GY and draws "Yellow Baboon" and " Wild Nature's Release ". KoH activates "A Feather of the Phoenix", discarding a card to return a card in his GY to the top of his Deck. He discards the last copy of "Mantis", then returns "Hand Destruction" to the top of his Deck. KoH activates "Soul Charge", Special Summoning any number of monsters from his GY, then losing 1000  LP  for each monster Special Summoned. He Special Summons three copies of "Mantis" (2200/0) (KoH: 4000 → 1000 LP). KoH  Tributes  the three copies of "Mantis" to  Tribute Summon  "Steelswarm Hercules" (3200/0).
 Turn 2: Brave Battler 
Brave draws " Cyberse Wizard " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1800/800). Brave activates the effect of "Wizard", letting him change a monster KoH controls to  Defense Position  and letting  Cyberse  monsters inflict  piercing  battle damage this turn, but he can only attack the targeted monster this turn. He changes "Hercules" to Defense Position. "Wizard" attacks and destroys "Hercules" (KoH: 1000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Lonely Brave (Naoki Shima) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest  x3 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Wild Nature's Release 
 
 Knight of Hanoi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Steelswarm Hercules 
 Steelswarm Mantis  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Feather of the Phoenix 
 Hand Destruction 
 Soul Charge 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Trivia 
 This episode marks the last present-day appearance of a Knight of Hanoi other than  Varis   and   the   four   lieutenants . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Vrains_027.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171115133048', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Lonely_Brave_VS_Knights_of_Hanoi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20171115141632']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes