Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Power_of_Chaos:_Yugi_the_Destiny


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny 
 
 
 French  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 PC 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  November 18, 2003  November 28, 2003  November 28, 2003  November 28, 2003  November 28, 2003 
 
 
 Genre 
 Card Battle 
 
 
 Ratings 
 E 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny  is the first  Yu-Gi-Oh!  game for PC and the first of the three  Power of Chaos  games. This first game includes 155 cards, most of which are from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  and  Starter Deck: Yugi , two are from  Metal Raiders , one is from  Spell Ruler , another is from  Tournament Pack: 3rd Season  and the other is from  Starter Deck: Pegasus .
 In  Yugi the Destiny , the player learns how to play the  Yu-Gi-Oh! trading card game  with  Yugi , who teaches the basics of  summoning ,  tributes  and other aspects of the game. Additionally, the player can duel against  Yugi  to collect cards and build up their own collection. Each card features artwork re-created from the card game. In addition to new artwork, Yugi the Destiny features a variety of battlefields and intense duels.
 
         Tribute Summon     
 Contents 
 
 1   Complete Card List 
 2   Tutorials 
 3   Decks 
 4   Yugi's Quotes 
 5   Shortcut Parameters 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Complete Card List 
 Below is the alphabetical listing of the cards introduced in this game, which can also be optionally used in the following two. A  Y  means it only can be won from Yugi's game, a  K  means it only can be won from Kaiba's game, while a  J  means it only can be won from Joey's game. 
 
 Y KJ   Ancient Elf 
 Y KJ   Ansatsu 
 Y KJ   Anti Raigeki 
 Y KJ   Aqua Madoor 
 Y KJ   Armaill 
 Y KJ   Armed Ninja 
 Y KJ   Armored Starfish 
 Y KJ   Baron of the Fiend Sword 
 Y KJ   Basic Insect 
 Y KJ   Beast Fangs 
 Y KJ   Beaver Warrior 
 Y KJ   Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Y KJ   Book of Secret Arts 
 Y KJ   Card Destruction   ( Limited )   (latest status:  Forbidden / Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Castle Walls 
 Y KJ   Celtic Guardian 
 YKJ   Change of Heart   ( Limited )   (latest status:  Forbidden / Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Charubin the Fire Knight 
 Y KJ   Claw Reacher 
 Y KJ   Curse of Dragon 
 Y KJ   Dark Energy 
 Y KJ   Dark Gray 
 Y KJ   Dark Hole   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Dark King of the Abyss 
 Y KJ   Dark Magician 
 Y KJ   Darkfire Dragon 
 Y KJ   Darkworld Thorns 
 Y KJ   De-Spell 
 Y KJ   Dian Keto the Cure Master 
 Y KJ   Dissolverock 
 Y KJ   Doma The Angel of Silence 
 Y KJ   Dragon Capture Jar 
 Y KJ   Dragon Treasure 
 Y KJ   Dragon Zombie 
 Y KJ   Dragoness the Wicked Knight 
 Y KJ   Drooling Lizard 
 Y KJ   Electro-Whip 
 Y KJ   Enchanting Mermaid 
 Y KJ   Exodia the Forbidden One   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Feral Imp 
 Y KJ   Fiend Reflection #2 
 Y KJ   Final Flame 
 Y KJ   Firegrass 
 Y KJ   Fireyarou 
 Y KJ   Fissure 
 Y KJ   Flame Ghost 
 Y KJ   Flame Manipulator 
 Y KJ   Flower Wolf 
 Y KJ   Follow Wind 
 Y K J   Forest 
 Y KJ   Frenzied Panda 
 Y KJ   Fusionist 
 Y KJ   Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Y KJ   Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Y KJ   Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Y KJ   Goblin's Secret Remedy 
 Y KJ   Graceful Charity   ( Limited ) (latest status:  Forbidden / Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Great White 
 Y KJ   Green Phantom King 
 Y KJ   Hane-Hane 
 Y KJ   Hard Armor 
 Y KJ   Hinotama 
 Y KJ   Hinotama Soul 
 Y KJ   Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Y KJ   Kagemusha of the Blue Flame 
 Y KJ   Karbonala Warrior 
 Y KJ   King Fog 
 Y KJ   Kumootoko 
 Y KJ   Kurama 
 YKJ   Kuriboh 
 Y KJ   Larvas 
 Y KJ   Laser Cannon Armor 
 Y KJ   Left Arm of the Forbidden One   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Left Leg of the Forbidden One   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Legendary Sword 
 Y KJ   Lesser Dragon 
 Y KJ   Machine Conversion Factory 
 Y KJ   Magical Ghost 
 Y KJ   Mammoth Graveyard 
 Y KJ   Man Eater 
 Y KJ   Man-Eater Bug 
 Y KJ   Man-Eating Treasure Chest 
 Y KJ   Masaki the Legendary Swordsman 
 Y KJ   Meda Bat 
 Y KJ   Metal Dragon 
 Y KJ   Mirror Force   ( Limited )  ( latest status :  Unlimited ) 
 Y KJ   Misairuzame 
 Y KJ   Monster Egg 
 YKJ   Monster Reborn   ( Limited ) 
 Y K J   Mountain 
 Y KJ   M-Warrior #1 
 Y KJ   M-Warrior #2 
 Y KJ   Mystic Clown 
 Y KJ   Mystical Elf 
 Y KJ   Mystical Moon 
 Y KJ   Mystical Sheep #2 
 Y KJ   Nemuriko 
 Y KJ   Neo the Magic Swordsman 
 Y KJ   One-Eyed Shield Dragon 
 Y KJ   Petit Angel 
 Y KJ   Petit Dragon 
 YKJ   Polymerization 
 Y KJ   Pot of Greed   ( Limited )  ( latest status :  Forbidden / Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Power of Kaishin 
 Y KJ   Raigeki   ( limited ) 
 Y KJ   Raise Body Heat 
 Y KJ   Ray & Temperature 
 Y KJ   Reaper of the Cards 
 Y KJ   Red Medicine 
 Y KJ   Reinforcements 
 Y KJ   Remove Trap 
 Y KJ   Reverse Trap 
 Y KJ   Right Arm of the Forbidden One   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Right Leg of the Forbidden One   ( Limited ) 
 Y KJ   Root Water 
 Y KJ   Sand Stone 
 Y KJ   Silver Bow and Arrow 
 Y KJ   Silver Fang 
 Y KJ   Skull Red Bird 
 Y KJ   Skull Servant 
 Y K J   Sogen 
 Y KJ   Sorcerer of the Doomed 
 Y KJ   Sparks 
 YK J   Spellbinding Circle 
 Y KJ   Spike Seadra 
 Y KJ   Spirit of the Harp 
 Y KJ   Steel Ogre Grotto #1 
 Y KJ   Stop Defense 
 Y KJ   Succubus Knight 
 Y KJ   Summoned Skull 
 Y KJ   Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Y KJ   Swords of Revealing Light   ( Limited )  ( latest status :  Unlimited ) 
 Y KJ   Terra the Terrible 
 Y KJ   The 13th Grave 
 Y KJ   The Furious Sea King 
 Y KJ   The Stern Mystic 
 Y KJ   Trap Hole 
 Y KJ   Trap Master 
 Y KJ   Trial of Nightmare 
 Y KJ   Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Y KJ   Tripwire Beast 
 Y KJ   Turtle Tiger 
 Y KJ   Two-Mouth Darkruler 
 Y KJ   Two-Pronged Attack 
 Y KJ   Tyhone 
 Y K J   Umi 
 Y KJ   Uraby 
 Y KJ   Vile Germs 
 Y KJ   Violet Crystal 
 Y KJ   Waboku 
 Y KJ   Wall of Illusion 
 Y K J   Wasteland 
 Y KJ   Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1 
 Y KJ   Witty Phantom 
 Y K J   Yami 
 Tutorials 
 Step 1: The Duel Field
 
 
 "I'll teach you everything you need to know  
about the Duel Field"
 "Once you learn this, you're well on your way to 
becoming a master duelist!" 
"Let's start off with the  Deck ." 
"Obviously, you can't duel without a  Deck ." 
"Your deck must contain at least 40 cards." 
"Also, you can only have a maximum of 3  
copies of each card, so don't think you can put  
40 copies of the same card in your Deck!" 
"This is the  Graveyard ." 
"This is where you place destroyed  Monster 
 Cards  and used Spell and Trap Cards." 
"During a Duel, you're allowed to check the  
cards in your opponent's  Graveyard ." 
"This can be very helpful because you'll know  
which cards your opponent has already played!" 
"This is the Field Card Zone." 
"This is where you Set or activate Field Magic  
Cards." 
"If your opponent Sets or activates a new Field  
Magic Card when you already have one in  
play, your Field Magic Card is destroyed." 
"That means there can only be one Field Magic  
Card in play during a Duel!" 
"This is the  Fusion Deck  Zone." 
"This is where you place your  Fusion Deck ." 
"Your  Fusion Deck  is made up of Fusion  
Monster Cards only." 
"Be careful: the cards in your  Fusion Deck  do  
not count towards the 40-card minimum  
requirement of your Deck." 
"This is the  Monster Card Zone ." 
"This is where you  Set  or  Summon   Monster   
Monster Cards|Cards]]." 
"You can only have a maximum of 5 monsters  
on your Field at the same time." 
"That means if your  Monster Card Zone  is full  
with 5 Monster Cards, you can't set or  
Summon another monster until one of your  
Monster Cards is destroyed or a Spell or Trap  
Card sends it to the  Graveyard ." 
"Make sure to think thoroughly before  
summoning a monster because your space is  
limited!" 
"Last, but certainly not least, is the Spell and  
Trap Card Zone." 
"This is where you place your Spell and Trap  
Cards!" 
"You can only have a maximum of 5 cards in the  
Spell and Trap Card Zone at the same time." 
"I'll explain in detail later, but [[Continuous Spell  
Cards]] and  Equip Spell Cards  remain on the  
Field, so think carefully when using these cards  
because they use up a slot on your Spell and  
Trap Card Zone." 
"That's everything you need to know about the  
Duel Field!"
 
 
 Step 2: Phase of Gameplay
 
 
 "Each duel is divided into 6 phases.  
Let's take a closer look at how they break  
down."
 "Now let's learn about the 6 phases that make  
up a Duel." 
"The 6 phases are...Actually, instead of just  
talking about the phases of a Duel, I think it's  
more fun to play a Duel!" 
You're going first! It's time to duel!" 
(Start Duel) 
Cards in Hand:  Baron of the Fiend Sword ,  Trap Hole ,  
 Steel Ogre Grotto #1 ,  Mammoth Graveyard ,  Silver Fang 
"The first phase is the " Draw Phase ." 
"In this phase, you draw 1 card from the top of  
your Deck and add it to your hand!" 
Drew:  Dark Magician 
"If you can't draw a card from your Deck during  
this phase, YOU LOSE!" 
The next phase is the " Standby Phase ." 
"During this phase, certain card effects are  
activated and costs for maintaining existing  
card effects are paid." 
"However, we don't have any of those cards  
right now, so let's go on to the next phase." 
"Now comes a really important phase of the duel  
- " Main Phase 1 !"" 
"During this phase, you can  Normal Summon  or  
 Set  Monsters, change card positions, and  Set   
or activate  Spell  and  Trap Cards ." 
"In other words, all your brilliant strategies come  
into play during this phase." 
"OK, let's try Summoning " Baron of the Fiend 
 Sword " in  Attack Position ." 
"Move your cursor to the " Baron of the Fiend 
 Sword " card." 
"The word " Summon " appears." 
(Mouse over  Baron of the Fiend Sword ) 
"Right-click your mouse, and the word changes to " Set ."" 
(Right-click mouse over  Baron of the Fiend Sword ) 
"Right-click again to go back to " Summon ."" 
(Right-click mouse on  Baron of the Fiend Sword ) 
"Select the " Summon " command to summon the  
Monster Card in " Attack Position ."" 
"The monster you summoned is placed face-up  
and vertically on the Field." 
"If you choose the " Set " command, the Monster  
Card will be placed on the Field in " Defense 
 Position ."" 
"Cards in " Defense Position " are placed face- 
down and horizontally on the Field." 
"Well then, it's your turn to try to summon  
" Baron of the Fiend Sword !"" 
"Just do as I taught you!" 
"Left-click your mouse while " Summon " is on  
screen." 
(Summon  Baron of the Fiend Sword ) 
"You did it!" 
"While you're at it, why don't you try Setting  
"Trap Hole."" 
"When you move your cursor on to " Trap Hole ,"  
the " Set " command appears." 
"Before you're allowed to activate a  Trap Card ,  
you must first Set it on the field during your  
turn." 
"There's nothing left to do in this phase, so  
let's end  Main Phase 1 ." 
"You're doing great so far!" 
"Right-click on the Field where there are no  
cards." 
"A window with 3 commands should have  
popped-up.  
"Select "Enter  Battle Phase " so that we can get  
to the action-packed Battle Phase!" 
"See how there's a sword icon on that monster  
on the Field?" 
"Only monsters with this icon can take part in  
attacks." 
"In other words, only cards in  Attack Position   
can attack." 
"Makes sense, right?" 
"Move your cursor on to " Baron of the Fiend   
 Sword ."" 
"The " Attack !" command appears." 
"Left-click your mouse to start your attack!" 
(Left-click on  Baron of the Fiend Sword ) 
(Card appears on opponent's field:  Beaver Warrior ,  
 Man-Eating Treasure Chest ,  Silver Fang ,  Mystical Elf ) 
"It's time for you to pick which monster to attack." 
"Hmm... Your opponent has 4 monsters on the  
Field..." 
"Which one should you attack to deal damage  
to your opponent's Life Points?" 
"I hate to do this, but you're going to have to  
choose for yourself." 
"That's the only way you'll learn!" 
"Pick which monster " Baron of the Fiend Sword "  
is going to attack!" 
(attacks  Mystical Elf ) 
"Oh no!" 
" Baron of the Fiend Sword " has 1550  ATK .  
Your opponent's monster is in Defense  
Position with 2000  DEF ." 
"2000 minus 1550 equals a whopping 450  
points of damage to your Life Points!" 
"It's a good thing that your monster wasn't  
destroyed because your opponent's monster  
was in  Defense Position ." 
"It would have been horrible if you lost a  
monster in addition to your Life Points!" 
"Normally, you're not allowed to redo your move  
during a Duel, but I'll give you another chance." 
"Think hard and try again!" 
(attacks  Man-Eating Treasure Chest ) 
"Hey! What are you doing!  
There's no way you'll ever win if you duel like  
this!" 
"" Baron of the Fiend Sword " has 1550  ATK .  
Your opponent's monster is in  Attack Position   
with 1600  ATK . Your opponent's monster has  
higher  ATK !" 
"Not only does that mean 1600 minus 1550  
equals 50 points of damage to your Life Points,  
but your monster is also destroyed!" 
"BE CAREFUL!" 
"Normally, you're not allowed to redo your move  
during a Duel, but I'll give you another chance." 
"Think hard and try again!" 
(attacks  Beaver Warrior ) 
"All right, let's see what happens." 
"" Baron of the Fiend Sword " has 1550  ATK .  
Your opponent's monster has 1500  DEF ." 
"That means 1550 minus 1500 equals 50 points  
of damage to your opponent's Life Points, right?" 
"Not so fast! That's wrong!" 
"Your opponent's monster is in [[Defense  
Position]], so though it's destroyed, your  
opponent doesn't take any damage!" 
"You have to think carefully and learn all  
about Attack and Defense Positions!" 
"Normally, you're not allowed to redo your move  
during a Duel, but I'll give you another chance." 
"Think hard and try again!" 
(Attacks  Silver Fang ) 
"Great!" 
"" Baron of the Fiend Sword " has 1550  ATK .  
Your opponent's monster's  ATK  is only 1200." 
"That means your monster is stronger, so your  
opponent's monster is destroyed!" 
1550 minus 1200 equals 350 points of damage  
to your opponent's Life Points! Excellent work!" 
"That's the end of the  Battle Phase ." 
"Right-click on any part of the Field where there  
are no cards." 
"A window with 3 commands should have  
popped up.  
Select "Proceed to  Main Phase 2 " to move on  
to  Main Phase 2 !" 
"In Main Phase 2, you can do the same things  
that I explained for  Main Phase 1 ." 
"However, there's nothing else you can do this  
turn, so that's the end of  Main Phase 2 ." 
"Right-click on the Field where there are no  
cards." 
"Select "YES" to end your turn!" 
"During the " End Phase ," due to certain card  
effects, there might be something you have to  
do." 
"However, since you don't have any of those  
cards on the Field, that's the end of the End  
Phase." 
"That ends your turn." 
"Now it's your opponent's turn:  Draw Phase ,  
 Standby Phase , and so on." 
"Keep alternating turns until the Duel is over." 
"That's it for Phases." 
 
 
 Step 3: Deck Construction
 
 
 "Now, I'll teach you about Card Decks."
 "There are 3 types of decks:  
The  Deck , the  Side Deck , and the  Fusion Deck ." 
"Your deck is made up of 40 or more cards." 
"However, remember that Fusion Monster  
Cards are NOT counted toward your 40-card  
minimum requirement." 
"Also, you can only have 3 copies of each card  
in your Deck, so you really have to think about  
what cards you're going to play with when  
you're constructing your Deck." 
"Oh, there's this other rule about Limited Cards..." 
"Well, I'll explain that in the next step.  
I'm getting ahead of myself." 
"The Side Deck is used for a Match." 
"After one Duel is complete, you're allowed to  
use your  Side Deck  to adjust the contents of  
your Deck." 
"For every  Side Deck  card you put in your  
Deck, you have to take a card from your Deck  
and put it into your  Side Deck ." 
"For example, if you put 2 cards from your  Side   
 Deck  into your  Deck , you have to take 2 cards  
out of your Deck and put them into your  Side   
 Deck ." 
"Your  Fusion Deck  is made up of Fusion  
Monster Cards only." 
"Remember, these Fusion Monster Cards don't  
count towards the 40-card minimum  
requirement of your Deck." 
"That's everything about Decks!"
 
 
 Step 4: Forbidden and Limited Cards
 
 
 "Next, I'll explain Limited Cards."
 1. Forbidden Cards] 
No restriction 
2. Limited Cards 
 Exodia the Forbidden One ,  Left Arm of the Forbidden One ,  
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One ,  Right Arm of the Forbidden One ,  
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Change of Heart ,  Monster Reborn ,  Pot of Greed ,  
 Mirror Force ,  Dark Hole ,  Card Destruction ,  
 Graceful Charity ,  Raigeki ,  Swords of Revealing Light 
 "During Step 3, I explained that your Deck can  
have a maximum of 3 copies of each card." 
"Well, there are exceptions to this rule." 
"For some cards, there's a special limit on the  
number of copies you can have in your Deck." 
"These cards are called Limited Cards." 
"There are 2 types: Semi-Limited Cards and  
Limited Cards. You can only have 2 copies of  
each Semi-Limited Card in your Deck." 
(semi-limited cards are not included in this game.) 
"You can only have 1 copy of each Limited  
Card in your Deck." 
"These are Limited Cards." 
"You can only have 1 copy of each Limited  
Card in your Deck." 
"These are Semi-Limited Cards." 
"You can only have 2 copies of each Semi- 
Limited Card in your Deck." 
"There's also a category called Forbidden Cards." 
"You can't have any Forbidden Cards in your  
Deck, not even one!" 
"However, there aren't any Forbidden Cards at  
this time, so you don't have to worry.  
Phew!" 
"That's it for Limited Cards."
 
 Decks 
 
 Player's Starting Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Summoned Skull 
 Ansatsu 
 Steel Ogre Grotto 1  x2 
 Neo the Magic Swordsman 
 Man-Eating Treasure Chest 
 Skull Red Bird  x2 
 Mystic Clown 
 Sorcerer of the Doomed 
 Ancient Elf 
 Witty Phantom 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 1 
 Celtic Guardian  x2 
 Beaver Warrior  x2 
 Lesser Dragon  x2 
 Mystical Elf 
 Dragon Zombie 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Mammoth Graveyard  x2 
 Silver Fang  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Trap Master 
 Man-Eater Bug 
 Hane-Hane Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Metal Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 De-Spell 
 Polymerization 
 Dark Hole 
 Monster Reborn 
 Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Traps 
 Trap Hole  x2 
 Two-Pronged Attack  x2 
 Yugi's Quotes 
 Theses are the quotes your opponent says before the (single and/or match) duel. 
 Quote 1: "Hmm, I wonder how strong your deck is ... Actually, it doesn't matter because I will use all my skills to defeat you, no matter how many powerful cards you have in your deck!" 
 Quote 2: "Every deck has a chance to win, as long as you believe in the heart of the cards. Let's duel!"
 Quote 3: "I hope you've come prepared because it's time to duel!!"
 Theses are the quotes your opponent use during the game. 
 
 
 When Yugi uses a monster's effect or summoning/fusing monsters
 
 
 Quote 1: "I've finally broken all the magical seals... I call forth ... the unstoppable Exodia!"
 Quote 2: "I call forth ... my Summoned Skull!"
 Quote 3: "I summon...Curse of Dragon!"
 Quote 4: "Flip! Your monster's attack triggered my effect."
 Quote 5: "Flip Summon! The effect activates at the same time." (When summoning Man-Eater Bug)
 Quote 6: "I fuse two of my monsters together. Fusion!"
 Quote 7: "I summon Gaia, the Dragon Champion!"
 Quote 8: "I offer a monster on my field as a tribute!"
 Quote 9: "I offer two of my monsters as a tribute!"
 Quote 10: "I'm counting on you! I summon...Dark Magician!"
 
 
 When Yugi using or activating spell/trap cards
 
 
 Quote 1: "I activate my Spell Card."
 Quote 2: "I activate my Spell Card. Raigeki!"
 Quote 3: "I activate my Spell Card. Change of Heart!"
 Quote 4: "I activate my Spell Card. Card Destruction!"
 Quote 5: "I'll use this card to bring a monster back on to the field...Monster Reborn!" (Yugi activates Monster Reborn)
 Quote 6: "I'll resurrect the monster's soul from the graveyard...Monster Reborn!" (Yugi activates Monster Reborn)
 Quote 7: "Change of Heart/Card Destruction/Raigeki!" (When Yugi attempts to turn the duel around to break the player's strategy) 
 Quote 8: "I will not allow you to hurt my monsters! Swords of Revealing Light!" (Yugi activates Swords of Revealing Light)
 Quote 9: "Now you can't attack for three whole turns. Swords of Revealing Light!" (Yugi activates Swords of Revealing Light)
 Quote 10: "I see what you're trying to do, unfortunately it's not going to work. I activate Spellbinding Circle!"
 Quote 11: "I see what you're trying to do, unfortunately it's not going to work. Trap Hole!"
 Quote 12: "Now! Trap Hole!"
 Quote 13: "(Laugh) ...Trap Hole!" (When you summons a Monster)
 Quote 14: "I see what you're trying to do, unfortunately it's not going to work. I activate my Trap Card!" (Yugi activates Two-Pronged Attack)
 Quote 15: "Now! I activate my Trap Card!" (Yugi activates Two-Pronged Attack)
 Quote 16: "(Laugh) ...I activate my Trap Card!" (Yugi activates Two-Pronged Attack)
 Quote 17: "Now! I activate Mirror Force!" (When you attack his lifepoint directly or attack his Monster(s) with your Monster(s) )
 Quote 18: "Activate Field Spell!" (Yugi activates Yami)
 
 
 When Yugi taking lifepoint damage
 
 
 Quote 1:"Not bad." (When taking less than 1,000 lifepoint damage)
 Quote 2:"That was a good attack." (When taking less than 2,000 lifepoint damage)
 Quote 3: "Argh! There must be something I can do, but what?" (When taking more than 2,000 lifepoint damage or taking damage when Yugi's got less than 3,000 lifepoint)
 Quote 4:"Ugh!"
 Quote 5:"Argh!"
 
 
 Yugi's reaction Quotes
 
 
 Quote 1: "A Tribute Summon!"
 Quote 2: "No! Fusion!"
 Quote 3: "What?" (When you use a card (usually a trap card) to cancel or he destroys the card he activates or when he destroys your flip effect Monster as soon it was flip/fusion/special summon)
 Quote 4:"(Laugh)" (When one of your high level monster of 6 stars or more, or Curse of Dragon gets destroyed)
 Quote 5: "C... can't be!" (When you destroyed Yugi's high level monster of 6 stars or more, or Curse of Dragon)
 Quote 6: "You're going to activate a Spell Card?" (... in disbelief)
 Quote 7: "Oh no!" (same as quote 3)
 
 
 Turn Phrases Quotes
 
 
 Quote 1: "With this card, I can't fail."
 Quote 2: "Yes! This was the card I was waiting for!
 Quote 3: "Luckily, I have this card."
 Quote 4: "I switch it to attack position."
 Quote 5: "I switch it to defense position."
 Quote 6: "Now, I'll set a card."
 Quote 7: "I end my turn."
 
 
 Yugi's Losing Quotes
 
 
 Quote 1: "Wow, you won ... barely. But you pulled it out in the end because you never gave up!"
 Quote 2: "I'm proud of you! Your skills have greatly improved! I can see that you'll make an excellent duelist!"
 Quote 3: "No! I lost! I guess you wanted to to win much more than I did. It was a great duel!"
 
 
 Yugi's Winning Quotes
 
 
 Quote 1: "You still need a lot of work to hone your dueling skills. You should start over and reconstruct your deck."
 Quote 2: "You may be disappointed but realize that all desks have a chance to win. As long as you never give up, your opportunity for victory will arrive!"
 Quote 3: "That was an excellent duel!! I'm lucky was able to draw the right cards at the right time."
 
 Shortcut Parameters 
 Here are some undocumented (case-sensitive) shortcut parameters that you can use.
 You can use them in the following manner:
 
 Click  Start . 
 Click  Run . 
 Type in the program path with the flag(s) (i.e. "C:\Program Files\KONAMI\Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny\yugi_pc.exe"-fps ). The quotes are necessary for Windows to handle the spaces. 
 Press  Enter . 
 -Lspa --------------------- Game text is Spanish. 
 -Lita --------------------- Game text is Italian. 
 -Lfra --------------------- Game text is French. 
 -Lger --------------------- Game text is German. 
 -Leng --------------------- Game text is English. 
 -Ljpn --------------------- Game text is Japanese. 
 -fps ---------------------- FPS tracker appears in upper-left corner 
 -e --------------------- Use software emulation for rendering 
 -h --------------------- Use hardware rendering 
 -nosound --------------------- Disable game sound 
 -win --------------------- Run in windowed mode 
 -16 --------------------- Run in full screen 16 bit color mode 
 -24 --------------------- Run in full screen 24 bit color mode 
 -32 --------------------- Run in full screen 32 bit color mode 
 Trivia 
 Yami Yugi 's appearance on the cover of this video game is taken from the title page for  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 192: " A Battle to Tear the Skies Asunder! " . 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/PCY-VideoGameNA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160519200123', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Flag_of_Germany.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Yugi_Tribute_Summon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101021223332']
Categories: Video games