Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_113


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 家電の王様 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kaden no Ōsama 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 King of Appliances 
 
 
 English 
 Roboppi's World 
 
 
 Number 
 113 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 7, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 2, 2021 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " calling " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Are you ready? " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " All Hail Roboppi! " 
 " The Chosen One " 
 
 
 
 
 
 " Roboppi's World ", known as " King of Appliances " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth-and-thirteenth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on August 7, 2019. It aired in English on 9Go! on September 2, 2021.
 In order to find out where  Ai ,  Soulburner  challenges  Roboppi  to a Duel. Soulburner tries to convince Roboppi to find a way to coexist with humans. However, Roboppi's response to this is a sinister smile. Roboppi then says that Ai is suffering because Soulburner failed to protect  Flame ...
 
 Featured Duel: Soulburner vs. Roboppi 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Soulburner Soulburner  Normal Summons  " Salamangreat Gazelle " (1500/1000). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting Soulburner send a " Salamangreat " monster besides "Gazelle" from his Deck to his GY. He sends " Salamangreat Spinny ". As he controls a "Salamangreat" monster besides "Spinny" and "Spinny" is in his GY, Soulburner activates the effect of "Spinny", Special Summoning it (1000/1500) in Defense Position. Soulburner  overlays  his two Level 3 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Salamangreat Miragestallio " (2000/900) in Attack Position. Soulburner activates the effect of "Miragestallio",  detaching  an Overlay Unit to Special Summon a "Salamangreat" monster from his Deck in Defense Position, but this will prevent him from activating monster effects of non-FIRE monsters for the rest of the turn. He Special Summons " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar " (1800/1200).
 Soulburner uses "Miragestallio" and "Jack Jaguar" to  Link Summon  " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf " (1800/LINK-2/↑↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Miragestallio" was sent to the GY as Link Material for the summon of a "Salamangreat" monster, its effect activates, letting Soulburner return a monster on the field to the hand. He targets " Appliancer Propelion ", but Roboppi chains his set " Appliancer Coating ", negating the effect and allowing Roboppi to draw a card. As "Jack Jaguar" was sent to the GY as Link Material for the summon of a "Salamangreat" monster, its effect activates, letting Soulburner return a "Salamangreat" monster from his GY to the Deck to Special Summon "Jack Jaguar" to a zone that Link Monster points to. He returns "Miragestallio" to from the GY to his Extra Deck and Special Summons "Jack Jaguar" to a zone "Sunlight Wolf" points to. As a monster was Normal or Special Summoned to a zone "Sunlight Wolf" points to, Soulburner activates its effect, adding a "Salamangreat" monster from his GY to his hand. He adds "Gazelle" from his GY to his hand, then uses "Jack Jaguar" to Link Summon " Salamangreat Balelynx " (500/LINK-1/↓). As it was Link Summoned, Soulburner activates the effect of "Balelynx" to add " Salamangreat Sanctuary " from his Deck to his hand. Soulburner then uses "Sunlight Wolf" and "Balelynx" to Link Summon "Salamangreat Heatleo" (2300/LINK-3/↙↑↘). As "Heatleo" was Link Summoned, Soulburner activates its effect, shuffling a card in Roboppi's Spell & Trap Zone to his Deck. He targets Roboppi's remaining set card.
 Soulburner then activates "Salamangreat Sanctuary". When Soulburner Link Summons a "Salamangreat" Link Monster, the effect of "Salamangreat Sanctuary" allows him to use a monster with the same name as Link Material instead. Soulburner uses "Heatleo" to  Reincarnation Link Summon  another "Heatleo" to the Extra Monster Zone. As it was Reincarnation Link Summoned, Soulburner activates the effect of "Heatleo", letting him target a monster his opponent controls and change its ATK to that of a monster in his GY. He targets "Propelion" and "Balelynx" ("Propelion": 1200 → 500 ATK). Soulburner then  equips  "Heatleo" with " Salamangreat Claw " and " Salamangreat Fang ". The first effect of "Fang" increases the ATK of the equipped monster by the total Link Rating of all Link Monsters Soulburner controls x 300 ("Heatleo": 2300 → 3200 ATK). Since "Claw" is equipped to a Reincarnation Link Summoned monster, it can attack a number of times equal to its Link Rating.
 "Heatleo" attacks "Propelion", and as a Link Monster co-linked to " Appliancer Celtopus " is battling, the battling monster gains 1000 ATK for every monster co-linked to "Celtopus" during damage calculation only ("Propelion": 500 → 2500 ATK). As a monster he controls is attacked while "Propelion" is co-linked, he can halve that opponent monster's ATK during damage calculation only once per turn ("Heatleo": 3200 → 1600 ATK). The attack fails (Soulburner: 4000 → 3100 LP), but "Claw" prevents the equipped monster from being destroyed in battle. "Heatleo" attacks "Propelion" again, with the effect of "Celtopus" activating ("Propelion": 500 → 2500 ATK). The attack continues and "Propelion" is destroyed (Roboppi: 4000 → 3300 LP). Since "Fang" is equipped to a Reincarnation Link Summoned monster and it destroyed an opponent's monster by battle, Roboppi takes damage equal to half of his destroyed monster's original ATK (Roboppi: 3300 → 2700 LP). "Heatleo" attacks " Appliancer Vacculephant ", with the effect of "Celtopus" activating ("Vacculephant": 1000 → 2000 ATK). The attack continues and "Vacculephant" is destroyed (Roboppi: 2700 → 1500 LP). The effect of "Fang" activates (Roboppi: 1500 → 1000 LP). 
 Turn 3: Roboppi Roboppi draws " Appliancer Recycle ". He Normal Summons " Appliancer Socketroll " (100/100), then uses it to Link Summon " Appliancer Kappa Scale " (0/LINK-1/↑) to a zone "Celtopus" points to. As Roboppi Link Summoned an " Appliancer " Link Monster, the second effect of " Appliancer Electrilyrical World " lets him add 1 "Appliancer" monster from his GY to his hand. He adds "Socketroll". Since "Kappa Scale" is co-linked, its effect lets Roboppi tribute it to summon an "Appliancer" Link Monster from his GY. He tributes "Kappa Scale" to Special Summon "Propelion" (1200/LINK-1/↑). He then uses "Propelion" to Link Summon " Appliancer Laundry Dragon " (1500/LINK-1/↑) to a zone "Celtopus" points to. 
 "Laundry Dragon" attacks "Heatleo", with the effect of "Celtopus" activating ("Laundry Dragon": 1500 → 2500 ATK). Since "Laundry Dragon" battles while co-linked, its effect reduces all Battle Damage to 0 and banishes the opponent's monster after damage calculation. The attack continues and "Laundry Dragon" is destroyed, but Roboppi takes no damage and banishes "Heatleo". Since an opponent's monster left the field, Roboppi activates the  Quick-Play Spell  "Appliancer Recycle", letting him banish 1 Link-1 monster from each GY, Special Summon 1 "Appliancer" monster from his GY and let Soulburner Special Summon one of his banished Link Monsters. Roboppi banishes "Kappa Scale" and "Balelynx" from the GYs, Special Summons "Laundry Dragon" and Soulburner Special Summons "Heatleo". The effect of "Recycle" also prevents the Special Summoned monsters from being destroyed by battle this turn.
 "Laundry Dragon" attacks "Heatleo". Since it is battling while not co-linked, the other effect of "Laundry Dragon" reduces all Battle Damage to 0, destroys the opponent's monster after damage calculation and inflicts damage equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. "Heatleo" is destroyed (Soulburner: 3100 → 800 LP). As a "Salamangreat" monster was destroyed by battle or Effect, Soulburner activates the effect of the " Salamangreat Lemming " in his hand, sending it to the GY to Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from his hand. He Special Summons "Gazelle". As it was Special Summoned, its effect lets Soulburner send " Salamangreat Zebroid X " from his Deck to his GY. Roboppi activates " Appliancer Reduce ", letting him banish all monsters Soulburner controls that were Special Summoned this turn and draw cards equal to the number of "Appliancer" Link Monsters he controls. He banishes "Gazelle" and draws two cards. Roboppi sets two cards. 
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Theodore Hamilton (Soulburner) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Salamangreat Falco 
 Salamangreat Gazelle 
 Salamangreat Jack Jaguar 
 Salamangreat Lemming 
 Salamangreat Spinny 
 Salamangreat Zebroid X Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Salamangreat Miragestallio 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Balelynx 
 Salamangreat Heatleo  x2 
 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Salamangreat Claw 
 Salamangreat Fang 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary 
 Salamangreat Tail 
 
 Roboppi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Appliancer Socketroll Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Appliancer Celtopus 
 Appliancer Kappa Scale 
 Appliancer Laundry Dragon 
 Appliancer Propelion 
 Appliancer Vacculephant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Appliancer Coating 
 Appliancer Electrilyrical World 
 Appliancer Recycle 
 Appliancer Reduce 
 
 Ai's vessel Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Linguriboh 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 3 episodes 
 #104 " Your Reign is Over " #105 " Unlikely Alliance " #106 " Roboppi Mops Up " #107 " Cleaning House " #108 " Smash and Mash " #109 " Al vs Ai " #110 " Siblings and Circuits " #111 " Stronger Together " #112 " All Hail Roboppi! " #113 " Roboppi's World " #114 " The Chosen One " #115 " Unfinished Business " #116 " Stuck in the Past " #117 " Forced Hands " #118 " Alone Together " #119 " A Losing Battle " #120 " Journey's End " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Vrains_113.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190807153839']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes