Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_the_Ventriloquist_of_the_Dead%27s_Duel


 
 Dark Yugi and the Ventriloquist of the Dead's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and the Ventriloquist of the Dead's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and the Ventriloquist of the Dead's Duel  was a Duel in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  between  Dark Yugi  and the  Ventriloquist of the Dead , during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. The ventriloquist used a puppet of  Seto Kaiba  to make his moves.
 In the anime, it is replaced with  a similar Duel  between  Dark Yugi  and  Ghost Kaiba .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
       Saruwatari  forbids the exchange of  Star Chips .     
 Saruwatari  worked for  KaibaCorp , but was secretly a spy for  Industrial Illusions . After Seto Kaiba fell into a coma, Saruwatari managed to steal his Deck. He gave this to the  Player Killer , the  Ventriloquist of the Dead , who used it with a puppet to impersonate Kaiba.
 Mokuba Kaiba  attempted to steal Dark Yugi's Star Chips, hoping to disqualify him from  Duelist Kingdom , which he believed would ruin  Maximillion Pegasus ' attempt  to take over   KaibaCorp . However he only managed to grab two of Dark Yugi's three Star Chips and Dark Yugi grabbed him by the arm before he could run away. Dark Yugi and  Anzu Mazaki  managed to convince Mokuba that they would help him stop Pegasus.
 As Mokuba tried returning the Star Chips to Dark Yugi, he was stopped by  Saruwatari , who told them that Star Chips could only be earned through Dueling. Dark Yugi challenged Saruwatari to a Duel for the Star Chips, but since Saruwatari didn't play, he arranged an opponent for Dark Yugi, the Ventriloquist of the Dead.
 The ventriloquist spoke through the puppet, which pretended to be Kaiba and talked about wanting to kill Yugi as revenge. Each player bet three Star Chips. The ventriloquist held his  hand  of cards in his left hand and got the puppet to draw and play his cards. Dark Yugi was annoyed by how he was making a mockery of Kaiba, but the ventriloquist had hoped for this as he planned on intimidating his opponents.
 
 
 The Duel 
 Ventriloquist's turn       The  ventriloquist  gets  the puppet  to hold his cards.     
The ventriloquist  Summoned  " Battle Ox " ( ATK : 1700), which Dark Yugi recognized as a card also used by the real Kaiba. Dark Yugi's turn Dark Yugi Summoned " Dark Magician " (ATK: 2500) and got it to  attack  and  destroy  " Battle Ox " (Ventriloquist: 2000 → 1200  Life Points ).

The ventriloquist had the puppet wail about how Dark Yugi got him. This disturbed Dark Yugi and he wondered how far the ventriloquist planned on taking his act. Dark Yugi's friends began to notice how the puppet was putting him off at this point. Ventriloquist's turn As the puppet drew the next card, the ventriloquist had it say "The d-d-dragon of r-r-revenge has risen from Hell!!" and ask if Dark Yugi is ready. He then Summoned " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". Mokuba, Dark Yugi and his friends were all surprised by this, as only the real Seto Kaiba owned copies of that card.

The ventriloquist had the puppet claim to be Kaiba's soul borrowing the doll as a body in order to exact revenge on Dark Yugi. This had Dark Yugi wonder if the part of Kaiba's soul containing his undying grudge and thirst for vengeance were actually part of the doll.

By forfeiting his attack, the ventriloquist played " Stop Defense "  face-down  and laughed to himself that Dark Yugi's monsters would soon have nowhere to run. Dark Yugi's turn With the "Dark Magician" not powerful enough to compete with "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", Dark Yugi switched it to  Defense Mode  (DEF: 2100) and then played " Curse of Dragon " in Defense Mode (DEF: 1500). Having expected that, the ventriloquist revealed his "Stop Defense" as he activated it forcing Dark Yugi's current and future monsters into  Attack Mode  ("Dark Magician": 2500 ATK, "Curse of Dragon": 2000 ATK). Ventriloquist's turn The ventriloquist began to pick away at Dark Yugi's monsters and Life Points by having "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacking and destroying "Curse of Dragon" (Dark Yugi: 2000 → 1000 Life Points).

This left Dark Yugi in a brief start of panic as he began to lose sight of victory. Saruwatari joked about how Kaiba might be happily watching the Duel from Heaven. This prompted Mokuba to argue that Kaiba isn't dead and tell Dark Yugi that he had trusted him during  Death-T , when he said Kaiba would come back and he had believed him. Having waited so long, he asked Dark Yugi where Kaiba is. Dark Yugi agreed with Mokuba, thinking he should have faith in Kaiba and thought to himself that he won't lose. Dark Yugi's turn       " Magical Hats " conceals  Dark Yugi 's monsters.     
Dark Yugi activated " Magical Hats ", concealing "Dark Magician" under one hat and shuffling it with three others. Ventriloquist's turn After pondering about what "Magical Hats" did, the ventriloquist concluded that "Dark Magician" was indeed hiding under one of them. He got "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to attack to attack the one on his center right, but it turned out to be empty. Dark Yugi's turn Dark Yugi played " Spellbinding Circle " face-down under one of the hats. He explained that out of the three remaining hats, the "Dark Magician" is under one and the ventriloquist hits it, it'll be destroyed, but if he hits the wrong one, he may activate the Trap Card that was just  Set . Ventriloquist's turn Facing odds of one-in-three, the ventriloquist attacked the middle hat. This turned out to contain "Spellbinding Circle", which ensnared the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and reduced its ATK. (ATK: 3000 → 2300). Dark Yugi's turn Dark Yugi got "Dark Magician" to emerge from its hat and attack and destroy "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". (Ventriloquist: 1200 → 700 Life Points; this appears to be a miscalculation, as his Life Points should have dropped to 1000). Dark Yugi's friends celebrated him defeating what they believed to be the world's rarest card. 
 Ventriloquist's turn The ventriloquist Summoned the second "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and used it to attack and destroy "Dark Magician" (Dark Yugi: 1000 → 500 Life Points).

Dark Yugi was surprised, believing it was the same "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" at first, until the puppet continued to taunt him, reminding him that there were three "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" cards in the Deck. Dark Yugi's turn Thinking that there are no cards left in his Deck that can defeat a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", Dark Yugi thought he had lost. With limited options, he played " Feral Imp " in Attack Mode (ATK: 1300) and expected defeat next turn. Ventriloquist's turn         The " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " destroys itself.     
 The ventriloquist laughed that it was over and declared an attack on "Feral Imp". However "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" refused to attack, while at the same moment, over in  Kaiba Manor , the real Kaiba woke from his coma. Standing up and disregarding the puppet, he demanded to know what was happening. The dragon then began to disappear and the dropped the puppet as he wondered what was happening. From this point onwards, the ventriloquist dueled without using the puppet. Dark Yugi suspected that this is to do with the real Kaiba, as he was confident that Kaiba's will to live existed in his cards.
 Dark Yugi's friends celebrated the dragon's self-destruction.  Anzu  wondered why it happened and thought it was like Kaiba's card refused to attack, but  Jonouchi  said that was stupid, since cards can't think like people do.  Saruwatari  suspected some sort of malfunction in the  Battle Box , but  Mokuba  said that KaibaCorp technology does not break that easily and that not just anybody was capable of using his brother's cards.
 
With no monsters left in play, Dark Yugi urged the ventriloquist to hurry-up and play one. The ventriloquist played " Grappler " in  Defense Mode  ( DEF : 1200), hoping to play defensive until he drew the last "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Dark Yugi's turn Dark Yugi played either " Mirror Force " or " Monster Reborn "  face-down  in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and Summoned " Celtic Guardian " (ATK: 1400), which he used to attack and destroy "Grappler". Ventriloquist's turn The ventriloquist played an unnamed monster in Defense Mode and a " Negate Attack " face-down in the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Dark Yugi's turn Dark Yugi played the other of "Mirror Force" or "Monster Reborn" face-down in the Spell & Trap Card Zone and Summoned " Mystical Elf " in Attack Mode (ATK: 800).

Looking at Dark Yugi's field, the ventriloquist thought the amount of monsters he had didn't matter, since Dark Yugi would lose if "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" destroyed just one of them. Jonouchi noted how he was getting a bad vibe off the Duel, which was hard to watch with the intensity. With face-down cards on both sides, Bakura bet that one of them was the trump card that would decide the Duel. Ventriloquist's turn         The attack reflected by " Mirror Force " is sucked into space-time by " Negate Attack ".     
 The ventriloquist drew the third "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and Summoned it (ATK: 3000).
 
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacked "Mystical Elf", who had begun chanting a spell. Dark Yugi activates "Mirror Force" to reflect the attack back at "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but the ventriloquist blocked it with "Negate Attack". Dark Yugi's turn         " Mystical Elf " and "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" combine attacks.     
 Dark Yugi activated his face-down "Monster Reborn", causing the ventriloquist to worry that one of his monsters could be revived onto Dark Yugi's side of the field. Dark Yugi corrected him saying it was not one of his cards he was bringing back, but Kaiba's and revived one of the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" cards.
 
The ventriloquist thought the equally matched dragons would have to destroy each other. However, due to the spell "Mystical Elf" had been chanting, Dark Yugi was able to transfer her ATK to another monster and he choose the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" he revived (ATK: 3000 → 3800). His "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacked and destroyed the other one, defeating the ventriloquist. 
 
 Aftermath 
         The ventriloquist's  Penalty Game .     
 Angered at the ventriloquist for stealing Kaiba's Deck and playing his soul with a doll, Dark Yugi inflicted a  Penalty Game  on the ventriloquist. As a result, the ventriloquist imagined the Kaiba doll changed form to resemble himself, come to life and taunt him.
 After the Duel, Dark Yugi had six  Star Chips  and managed to get back Kaiba's Deck. However Saruwatari did not keep his end of the deal and had brought Mokuba back to  Pegasus Castle  while no one else was paying attention.
 
 
 Cards used 
 The following cards were used in this Duel.
 A number of the cards were released as different types and with different effects in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Official Card Game  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game .
 
 
 Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Dark Magician 
 Feral Imp 
 Mystical Elf Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Hats 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Spellbinding Circle 
 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Grappler Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Negate Attack 
 Traps 
 Stop Defense 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 16: " The Cards Bare Their Teeth " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 17: " The Legendary Dragon " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/Dark_Yugi_VS_Ventriloquist.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160402110326', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/D-015_Stop_right_there.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/130?cb=20120429105535', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/D-015_Puppet_playing.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20120429105532', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/D-016_Hats.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120507140632', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/D-017_Self-destruct.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120616010319', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/D-017_Attack_Nullified.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120616010307', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/D-017_Holy_Burst_Stream.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120616010310', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/D-017_Living_doll_illusion.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20120616010313']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga), Shadow Games