Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_059


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 059 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 孤高の光　セイヴァー・デモン・ドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kokō no Hikari Seivā Demon Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Lone Light, Savior Demon Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 059 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 20, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 22, 2010 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuji Kokai 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Battle Fader 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " 
 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 ", known as " The Lone Light: Savior Demon Dragon " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on May 20, 2009 and in the United States on February 22, 2010.
 The Duel between  Jack  and  Carly  continues. When Carly seems to regain her senses, the spirit of the " Earthbound Immortal " takes control of her so that the Duel can continue. Now, Jack's only hope lies in the power of the  Crimson Dragon .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jack Atlas vs. Carly Carmine 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 4.1   Original Mistakes 
 4.2   Dub Mistakes 
 
 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 A decade ago, in  New Domino City ,  Carly  was watching a Duel between two boys in which one of them had a " Flying Penguin " and sent it to  directly  attack the other boy, causing the other boy to lose. Carly took a picture of the winner, saying that was his third win in a row, pleasing the winning boy. Later that same day, a friend of Carly asks her if Carly plans to be a reporter someday and Carly replies that she’s not sure. She also adds that she loves seeing people that are doing their best. Her friend says that's strange and that Carly can’t be happy herself if other people are doing their best. Carly says that’s she wouldn't say that and add that when she cheers on someone doing their best, she thinks she can do a little better herself. That alone make her happy.
 Inside the geoglyph, the  Turbo Duel  continues.  Jack  shows Carly her glasses and tells her to remember, saying that the Carly is still in her somewhere. Carly says that can’t be true. Both restart their  Duel Runner  and continue the Duel. Carly says that she came back as a  Dark Signer  so she and Jack could rule the world. She tells Jack that this is what she desire and this is the fate that has been appointed to them. Jack tells her that she’s wrong and that she’s the one who wake him up when he lost all directions after being toyed by a sham of a fate. After Jack says this, Carly remembers all the time she spent with Jack, saying that during the battle with  Yusei , the old Jack died and it is time for the real Jack to live. She also add that it'll help him becoming a real king. Jack tells her that he hadn’t forget what she said and that’s why he followed her advice and deciding how he lived on his very own.
 Jack activates the second  effect  of " Changing Destiny ", which lets Carly pick one of two options: Regain  Life Points  equal to half the  ATK  of the  monster  whose attack was  negated  or inflict it as  damage  to the opponent. Carly is shocked by this revelation. The ATK of " Fortune Lady Earth " is 2800. Carly must choose to either recover 1400 Life Points or inflict 1400 damage to Jack. Carly thinks that Jack’s Life Points are only 800 and if she chooses to inflict damage, Jack will lose the Duel. Carly asks Jack why he doesn't mind with taking damage when he was just squeezed by the ATK of "Earth". Jack replies to her that it is so he could teach her that there’s no such thing as an appointed fate and that he believes in her. He also add that she must choose her own destiny. Carly thinks that Jack is a fool and that by flustering him such a great deal, he's ended up following what she's said. She also adds that, this time, she’ll make him hers. About to choose the effect of inflicting damage to Jack, Carly looks into his eyes and remembers the time she spent with Jack. Unable to go through with hurting him, she instead chooses the effect to regain her Life Points, which brings her to 5000 life points. After that, her eyes turned back to normal. Jack calls out Carly’s name and wonders if she’s turned back to normal. Carly shows Jack she has and tells him that she really doesn’t want that kind of fight and Jack replies in agreement, saying that she’s not the type of person to hurt others. 
 Carly wants to end the Duel, but the power of her " Earthbound Immortal " will not allow that and possesses her to continue, saying that it doesn't care what Carly wants. Saying that the duel between her and Jack is her fate appointed as a Dark Signer, the evil power is forcing Carly to continue. Jack asks the evil power if he’s the one who dragged Carly into the darkness. But the evil power tells Carly to continue the Duel and to dispose of the  Signer . Carly is now completely possessed by her "Earthbound Immortal". Jack continues the Duel, telling the evil power to unhand Carly. Carly says that her  turn  isn’t over and activates " Speed Spell - Curse of Destiny ". As she has two or more  Speed Counters , she can place 2  Cursed Counters  on one of her monsters. In exchange for that monster not attacking, she can inflict damage by removing a counter. She places two counters on "Earth", who has already attacked this turn, and thus cannot do that. She  Sets  two cards to conclude her turn. The possessed Carly tells Jack not to waste his turn on trying to get the old Carly back and laughs evilly. 
 Jack says that he's going to make the evil power pay for taking Carly. It’s Jack’s turn and he draws a card. Jack’s SPC goes to 3 and Carly’s SPC goes to 5. Jack  Special Summons  " Vice Dragon " with its stats halved via its own effect as only Carly controls monsters. He  Normal Summons  " Dark Resonator " and tunes the two monsters to  Synchro Summon  " Red Dragon Archfiend ". Carly says that the dragon, which prove that Jack is a Signer, has finally appeared. But she'll turn the tables on it. Carly activates the  Trap Card , " Class Change ", increasing the  Level  of "Earth" to 8, thus increasing its ATK to 3200 via its effect. Jack realizes that its ATK is greater than that of "Red Dragon Archfiend". The other effect of "Earth" activates, inflicting 400 damage to Jack, reducing him to 400 Life Points. The possessed Carly laughs and tells Jack that his Life Points are like a flame on a flickering candle. She also adds that, during her next turn, she’ll completely deplete his Life Points.  
 Jack said he won’t allow that and activates " Speed Spell - Half Seize ". As he has three or more Speed Counters, he can half the ATK of "Earth" and regain Life Points equal to that amount. The ATK of "Earth" becomes 1600 and Jack's Life Points become 2000. Jack says he’ll burn the evil power’s wicked heart to ashes with the flame of truth. Jack sends "Red Dragon Archfiend" to attack and  destroy  "Fortune Lady Earth". Carly’s Life Points go to 3600 and her SPC go to 4. Jack begs Carly to open her eyes. The possessed Carly loses control of her Duel Runner and rides into the flames of the geoglyph, which worries Jack.
 At the Dark Signers lair,  Crow ,  Trudge ,  Leo , and  Luna  look at the  Ener-D , where Yusei has fallen into. Yusei is suspended in midair in the darkness of the Netherworld when he sees a light. He questions the light that seems to be calling him. Yusei begins walking and finds himself near a river. A  light figure  appears and tells him that that Yusei doesn't belong to this world just yet. Yusei asks the figure if he’s the one who guided Yusei the way and Yusei calls the figure father. The figure takes the form of Dr. Fudo and Yusei knew the figure was his father. Dr. Fudo apologizes to his son, hoping that his Yusei can forgive him for burdening him with such an outrageous destiny. Dr. Fudo begins to fade and Yusei begs him to wait. Professor Fudo tells his son that destiny can and will be changed as he continues to fade. Yusei continues to pursue his father, calling out to him. Dr. Fudo tells Yusei that they are people who are truly waiting for him down the path he'll proceed. Yusei keeps begging his father to stay but he fades away. Trudge, Crow, Leo, and Luna suddenly see a light coming out from the Ener-D and notice Yusei floating within the light. The light disappears and Yusei begins to float down slowly to his friends. The twins are happy to see Yusei back and Trudge and Crow catch him. Everyone calls for Yusei to wake up, in which he does. Yusei sees everyone looking at him and wonders if he’s back. Crow says that Yusei seems fine. Trudge wonders how Yusei managed to get back and Leo tells him that Yusei is safe now, so who cares how he got back and says that this is why adults are hopeless. Yusei thinks he has everyone worried. Crow tells Yusei that they can’t waste any time and Leo agrees with him. Yusei also agrees and says if the 2 remaining towers aren’t sealed up before sunset, the  King of the Netherworld  will revive.
 Jack still searches for Carly inside the geoglyph, calling out for her to answer him. The possessed Carly rides out of the geoglyph’s flames and activates the Trap Card, " Inherited Fortune ", Special Summoning up to two " Fortune Lady " cards from her hand on her next turn. Jack Sets 1 card and ends his turn. He thinks no matter what he does, he will save her. It’s Carly’s turn and she draws a card. Carly’s SPC go to 5 and Jack’s SPC go to 4. Jack asks Carly if she is all right, but the possessed Carly tells him that there is no Carly. The effect of "Inherited Fortune" Special Summons " Fortune Lady Water " and " Fortune Lady Wind ". The effect of "Water" activates, letting Carly draw two cards -  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " and " Earthbound Release ". Looking at her draw, Carly laughs and tells Jack to serve her as her sacrifice. She sacrifices both her monster to  Tribute Summon  "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" with 2500 ATK. Jack sees the shell-like device containing the souls of half of the citizens of New Domino City then tells himself that if the real Carly were to witness this scene, she’ll blame and lament herself. "Aslla piscu" attacks. Jack is determine to stop the evil power or he'll die trying. Jack Special Summons the " Battle Fader " from his hand via its own effect, ending the  Battle Phase . Furious, Carly Sets 1 card.
 Jack tells Carly that he used to be a person who wouldn't give a thought about others and that he betrayed and hurt his friends. He also add that he was a man willing enough to sacrificed others for his own ambitions. But he learned from Carly that even a bruised and troubled heart can be saved by a truly considerate heart. Jack tells Carly that, right now, he’s wishing with all his heart and want to save the person he truly love, which is Carly. A red light surrounds him. The Signers senses it and their  Mark of the Dragon  disappear. The  Crimson Dragon  symbol appeared on Jack’s back. After noticing the symbol on his back, Jack sees a light in his Deck. He draws the lighted card that is revealed to be " Majestic Dragon ". It’s Jack’s turn and he draws a card. Jack’s SPC go to 5 and Carly’s SPC go to 6. After drawing "Majestic Dragon", he hears Carly’s voice who tells him to end the Duel because she doesn’t want to hurt him or any more people because of her. Jack tells her not to be ridiculous and thinks there has to be a way to save her. Carly tells him that if he truly care for her, then he must end the Duel. Jack says that if he does that, Carly will be gone. Carly tells him that this is the fate she’s choose for herself, that if Jack is truly considerate for her he must finish it with his own hand. Jack says he understands and tells her that, if this is what she sincerely desire, he will do it. Carly thanks Jack and it is then Jack realizes he must pay Carly back by saving her life as she saved his before.
 Jack Summons "Majestic Dragon" with 0 ATK and uses "Battle Fader", and "Red Dragon Archfiend" to Synchro Summon " Majestic Red Dragon " with 4000 ATK. Jack tells the possessed Carly that its effect allows him to negate an opponent's monster's effect and gain its ATK until the  End Phase . The ATK of "Majestic Red Dragon" becomes 6500. Carly is shocked by this turn of events. Jack says that he'll finish this, just as Carly wishes. But he won't let her die alone. Jack intends to activate his face-down card " Shockwave ", which destroys 1 monster on the field and both players take damage equal to the monster's ATK. If he uses this card to destroy his own "Majestic Red Dragon" and inflict damage equal its ATK, both him and Carly would take 6500 damage and the Duel would end in a  Draw . Jack tells the possessed Carly this is the fate that he has chosen for himself and if he's defeated along with her, he'll have no regrets. The spirit of the true Carly appears and says she's going to choose his fortune once more. Before Jack can activate his Trap Card, Carly activates "Earthbound Release", Tributing "Aslla piscu" to destroy all monsters on the field and inflict their combined ATK to Jack as damage. Jack is shocked by this revelation and says that the effect of "Majestic Red Dragon" can negate any card's effect trying to destroy it and inflicts the damage to the opponent equal to its ATK. While the dragon prepares to counter-attack, Carly says that her real wish is that Jack will be loved by everyone and that he becomes a real king that makes everyone happy. She shows him a  card  with Jack surrounded by children on it. Carly takes 6500 points of damage and Jack wins.
 After Carly’s defeat, the geoglyph disappears and each Mark of the Dragon reappeared on the respective Signers’ right arms.  Akiza  learns that Jack had won his Duel, which causes  Mina  to jump for joy. Happy about Jack’s victory, Mina sighs in relief and calls Jack a true king. Jack goes to see Carly, who is lying on the ground, and begs her to not to die on him. Carly wakes up and asks Jack where he is and Jack replies that he’s right here. Because she doesn’t have her glasses, she can’t see anything. Jack gives the glasses to her. Carly tells him that she loved to cheer on people like Jack who tried their hardest. But, when she tried to wish for such selfish happiness, she must have been wrong for doing so. Jack tells her that everyone has a right to wish for happiness and if what she’s saying that's a crime, then he’s guilty as well. Carly looks at Jack and tells him that she knows that he'll save the world and she’ll be cheering him on, after all. She gave him a hug, which Jack returns and slowly turns into dust. Before disappearing, Carly tells Jack that she loves him. After that, she disappeared. Carly's glasses fall to the ground and Jack tried to grab the now non-existent Carly. Sad, Jack looks at the light dusts falling from the sky. At the Dark Signers' lair, Yusei, Crow, Trudge, Leo, and Luna also see the light dusts falling from the sky. Luna concludes that Jack has won his Duel against the Dark Signer and rejoices. Yusei says there’s still one tower left to seal and the Dark Signers’ ambitions will be stopped.
 
 Featured Duel: Jack Atlas vs. Carly Carmine 
 ... continued from last episode. 
 Turn 5: Carly 
 Jack Atlas  has just activated " Changing Destiny " to negate the direct attack of " Fortune Lady Earth ". The second effect of "Changing Destiny" activates, allowing  Carly Carmine  to either increase her Life Points by half the ATK of "Fortune Lady Earth" or inflict half the ATK of "Fortune Lady Earth" as damage to Jack. Carly considers selecting the second option but before she declares that, she regains her sanity and chooses the first option instead (Carly 3600 → 5000). 
 Carly tries to forfeit the Duel, but the Envoy of the Netherworld refuses to allow this and possesses Carly.  Carly  activates " Speed Spell - Curse of Destiny " to place two  Cursed Counters  on "Fortune Lady Earth". She intends to remove a Cursed Counter on her next turn and inflict half the ATK of "Fortune Lady Earth" as damage to Jack. Carly's hand contains " Class Change ", " Inherited Fortune ", and " Fortune Lady Water ". Carly sets two cards ("Class Change" and "Inherited Fortune").
 
       Jack 's  Life Points  continue to fall.     
 Turn 6: Jack 
Jack draws "Battle Fader". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Carly's SPC: 4 → 5; Jack's SPC: 2 → 3). Jack's hand currently contains " Shockwave ", " Dark Resonator ", " Power Supplier ", " Vice Dragon " and " Speed Spell - Half Seize ". Jack  Special Summons  "Vice Dragon" from his hand in  Attack Position  via its own effect at the cost of halving its original ATK and DEF (2000 → 1000/2400 → 1200). Jack then  Normal Summons  "Dark Resonator" (1300/300) in Attack Position. He then tunes "Vice Dragon" with "Dark Resonator" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Red Dragon Archfiend " (3000/2000) in Attack Position.
 Carly  activates her face-down "Class Change" to increase the Level of "Fortune Lady Earth" by one ("Fortune Lady Earth": Level 7 → 8; 2800 → 3200/2800 → 3200). The final effect of "Fortune Lady Earth" activates (Jack 800 → 400). 
 Jack  activates "Speed Spell - Half Seize" to halve the ATK of "Fortune Lady Earth" ("Fortune Lady Earth": 3200 → 1600/3200) and increase his  Life Points  by the same amount (Jack 400 → 2000). "Red Dragon Archfiend" attacks and destroys "Fortune Lady Earth" ( Carly  5000 → 3600). Carly loses one Speed Counter (Carly's SPC: 5 → 4).  Carly  activates her face-down "Inherited Fortune" to Special Summon up to two "Fortune Ladies" from her hand during her next Standby Phase.  Jack  sets a card.
 Turn 7: Carly 
Carly draws "Fortune Lady Wind". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Carly's SPC: 4 → 5; Jack's SPC: 3 → 4). At the same time, the effect of "Inherited Fortune"  Special Summons  " Fortune Lady Wind " (?/?) and " Fortune Lady Water " (?/?) in  Attack Position . Due to the first effects of "Fortune Lady Wind" and "Fortune Lady Water", their ATK and DEF are equal to their Level times 300 ("Fortune Lady Wind": ? → 900/? → 900; "Fortune Lady Water": ? → 1200/? → 1200). The final effect of "Fortune Lady Water" activates, allowing Carly to draw two cards (one card for every "Fortune Lady" monster she controlled when "Fortune Lady Water" was summoned) (" Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " and "Earthbound Release"). 
 Carly  Tributes  both her monsters in order to  Tribute Summon  "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" (2500/2500) in Attack Position. "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" attacks directly via its own effect, but Jack activates the effect of " Battle Fader " to  Special Summon  itself (0/0) from his hand in Attack Position and end the  Battle Phase .  Carly  Sets a card ("Earthbound Release").
 Turn 8: Jack  (Carly's SPC: 6; Jack's SPC: 5) 
 Jack  draws " Majestic Dragon ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Carly's SPC: 5 → 6; Jack's SPC: 4 → 5). Jack Normal Summons "Majestic Dragon" (0/0) in Attack Position. He then tunes "Red Dragon Archfiend" and "Battle Fader" with "Majestic Dragon" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Majestic Red Dragon " (4000/3000) in Attack Position. Since "Battle Fader" left the field, it is removed from play due to its last effect. 
 Jack activates the first effect of "Majestic Red Dragon" to negate the effects of "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" and increase the  ATK  of "Majestic Red Dragon" by the ATK of "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" until the  End Phase  ("Majestic Red Dragon": 4000 → 6500/3000). 
 Jack  intends to activate his face-down "Shockwave" to  destroy  "Majestic Red Dragon" and inflict its ATK as damage to both players so that he could end this duel in a  Draw . Before Jack can activate "Shockwave",  Carly  activates her face-down " Earthbound Release " to Tribute "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" and  destroy  "Majestic Red Dragon" as well as inflict the ATK of "Majestic Red Dragon" damage to Jack. The second effect of "Majestic Red Dragon" activates in response, negating the effect of "Earthbound Release" and destroying it as well as inflicting the ATK of "Majestic Red Dragon" as damage to  Carly  (Carly 3600 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The blood on Jack's face is removed. 
 The scene where the darkness enters through Carly's mouth is removed. Instead, it's treated as simply an aura emanating from her. 
 In the original, Yusei knew, or had a feeling, that the person guiding him was  his father . In the dub, he didn't know who it was. 
 Roman 's arm in the preservation tank is replaced with a green light. 
 The scene where Carly is thrown from her  Duel Runner  by the attack of " Majestic Red Dragon " is cut. 
 In the original, Jack and Carly confess their love for each other. In the dub this was eliminated, so their relationship remained ambiguous in the dub. 
 In the dub, Jack notes Envoy of the Netherworld made a blunder by playing its last trap. However, then realizes that Carly used the last of her strength to force herself to lose. 
 In the dub, Carly's voice tells Jack that she's still alright after she goes to the Netherworld. 
 Mistakes 
 Original Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are only present in the Japanese version:
 
 " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " appeared yellow when its attack was negated by " Battle Fader ." 
 Dub Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are created by the dubbed version:
 
 " Vice Dragon " is shown as a   WIND - Attribute  monster, not a  DARK - Attribute . 
 When "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" was Summoned, it appeared to be yellow instead of orange. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Battle Fader 
 Power Supplier 
 Vice Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator 
 Majestic Dragon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Half Seize 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Changing Destiny 
 Shockwave 
 
 Carly Carmine Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Fortune Lady Earth 
 Fortune Lady Water 
 Fortune Lady Wind Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Curse of Destiny 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Class Change 
 Earthbound Release 
 Inherited Fortune 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Flying Penguin 
 Effect Monsters 
 Strong Wind Dragon 
 Twin-Shield Defender 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Monsters 
 King of All 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/YGO5Ds059.2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304082026', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/JackReducedto800.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160304044040']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes