Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Digital_Pet


 
 Digital Pets
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Digital Pets
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series) 
 
 
 
 Appears in (manga)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 007 
 
 
 
 Appears in (chapter)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Duel 021 
 
 
 Digital Pets  are small handheld, keychain electronic pets. They had a wave of popularity during one chapter of the  manga , and had an episode of the  anime  based on it.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Features 
 2   Appearances 
 
 2.1   Manga 
 2.2   Anime 
 
 
 
 
 Features 
 The pet appears in pixel form on the device screen. Its appearance and personality are dictated by and evolve according to how the owner takes care of them.
 Digital pets can connect with each other by touching the two metal pads at the top of the devices off each other. While connected, the pets can exchange data, interact and fight.
 In the  manga  the average lifespan of a digital pet is 21 days. The exception to this rule are the rare  Black Star  pets, which can be recognized by having a black star in their appearance. Black Star pets live much longer than ordinary pets and tend to be more powerful. They were believed to only exist because of a glitch.
 In the  anime , the Black Star pets were called  Gold Pets  pets. They were limited edition Digital Pets, with only a few hundred sold. Each cost 50,000 yen.
 
 Appearances 
 Manga 
 Yugi's  pet,  U2  interteracted with  Jonouchi's  pet,  Joe . Although Jonouchi's initially bullied U2, they became friends afterwards. 
 Kujirada had a Black Star pet,  Devil Master . Devil Master began to communicate with Kujirada and tried to become the master. It kept him awake at night, demanding food. Wanting better food, it set its eyes on eating other pets.
 When Jonouchi left Joe alone, Kujirada linked it to Devil Master, letting him eat it. Kujirada then grabbed Anzu's pet  Peachy  and also fed it to Devil Master.
 Kujirada tried to let it eat U2, but U2 was able to change into a more powerful form, similar to how Yugi can change into Dark Yugi. This was due to the exchange of data it got from when it interacted with Joe. U2 then beat up Devil Master.
 
 Anime 
 In the anime, there was a Digital Pet competition, where the winner won a holiday to Australia. Honda took care of a pet for  Miho , which he called  Super Strawberry .
 Yugi and Jonouchi let their pets interact, same as the manga.
 Kujirada, who was trying to make his pet strong for the competition, swiped Peachy from Anzu and fed it to Devil Master. Jonouchi then connected Joe, which started fighting Devil Master, but ultimately got eaten. Yugi, Anzu and Miho tried telling Kujirada what he's doing is wrong. Kujirada then tried to take U2 to feed it to Devil Master, but Honda arrived. After spending three sleepless nights taking care of Super Strawberry, he connects it with Devil Master. Super Strawberry sweeps Devil Master away.
 Haiyama, who had been using Kujirada as his own pet, later attacked Yugi and his friends and tried to turn Honda into his new pet. This caused  Dark Yugi  to emerge. Dark Yugi connected U2 to Haiyama's pet. The game became a Shadow Game and the pets appeared as real beings. Using data it incorporated from a connection with Jonouchi's pet, U2 upgraded form like Dark Yugi and was able to defeat Haiyama's pet. Haiyama started whipping his pet, telling it to get up. For Haiyama's Penalty Game, he imagined the pet having about enough with his slave driver of a master and chase him.
 
 v e 
 Digital Pets Pets (manga) 
 U2 
 Peachy 
 Jonouchi's 
 Kujirada's 
 Pets (anime) 
 Devil Master 
 Joe 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Haiyama's 
 Chapters 
 " Digital Pet Duel " 
 
 Episodes 
 " The Underhanded Digital Pet Rebellion " 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei anime)  games 
 Game of Darkness  ( List ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Ushio 
 Dark Yugi VS Jiro 
 Magic & Wizards 
 Dark Yugi VS Shotaro 
 Weighing of the Heart  ( Kanekura ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi I 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi II 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Hirutani's gang 
 Dark Yugi VS Ms. Chono 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Miho and Dark Yugi VS Warashibe 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryuichi 
 Dark Yugi VS Kokurano 
 Dark Yugi VS bomber 
 Dark Yugi VS Goyu 
 Raijinhai  ( Dark Yugi VS Aileen ) 
 Dragon Block 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Himekoji 
 Jonouchi VS Dragon 1 
 Death-T 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/Digital_Pet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20160722153816']
Categories: Games, Toys