Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:GOD.png


 
 Genesis Omega Dragon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Genesis Omega Dragon 
 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Genesis Omega Dragon 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ﻿ＧＥＮＥＳＩＳ ・ ＯＭＥＧＡ ・ ＤＲＡＧＯＮ ﻿ＧＥＮＥＳＩＳ・ＯＭＥＧＡ・ＤＲＡＧＯＮ ジェネシス・オメガ・ドラゴン Rōmaji: ( Jeneshisu Omega Doragon ) 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 15: " It's Zero! "  (as a card) Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 37: " The Cause of Everything! "  (as a character) 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 

" Genesis Omega Dragon " ( ﻿ＧＥＮＥＳＩＳ ・ ＯＭＥＧＡ ・ ＤＲＡＧＯＮ   Jeneshisu Omega Doragon ) [1] , or " G.O.D. " ( Ｇ・Ｏ・Ｄ   Goddo ), is a mysterious card in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga , and is the primary antagonist of the series. 
 It is described as the ultimate monster with the power to decide the fate of the world. It was foretold that the one who has the card will destroy the world, and so  Yuya  and  his   other   personalities  are searching for the card to prevent that from happening. To aid in this quest, Yuya's hideout has a special computer that will automatically notify him when someone puts information about the card on the internet. [2] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Deck 
 3   Duels 
 4   Trivia 
 5   References 
 
 
 Biography 
       Yuya Sakaki  talks about the "Genesis Omega Dragon" card.     
 As  Isaac  revealed to  Reiji Akaba , Genesis Omega Dragon came into being when the great scientist Adam uncovered a vast amount of energy and sealed it within a card. Noting the energy is living, Adam used the card to become omnipresent across the world's timeline and believe its use can benefit mankind. But the G.O.D. card nearly caused a disaster with Adam absorbing the energy while being scattered across time and space as the  Adam Factor  which limits the G.O.D. card's full potential. [3]   Ren  adds that the G.O.D card, despite being weakened by Adam's sacrifice, influences others to carry out its will at a subconscious level. Among such causes is Adam's lover  Eve , who keeps the G.O.D. card on her person to travel through time to find Adam while she and Isaac gather followers. [4]  Among the powers the G.O.D. possess, as shown with  Ren , was that it can give people near death a second chance at life and render them ageless by removing them from the causality of time itself. [5] 
 
       "Genesis Omega Dragon" manifesting as a card in the real world.     
 At some point in the future,  Leo Akaba  and  Yusho Sakaki  were influenced by G.O.D. to revive the  Solid Vision  with Mass technology which Adam originally established. During one of Leo's experiments to create an artificial virtual dimension in the real world,  Reiji Akaba  assuming it to be the monster's point of origin, it created a worm hole that enabled the G.O.D. card to enter their time. [6]  From there, it would influence the chain of events that result in Yuya and Reiji being send back two decades in the past after their time was destroyed in a calamity.
 Yuya and Reiji, the former seeking it as his father's last request, learn from Ren that the "G.O.D." card is currently in  Eve 's possession, and that they are targeted for the Adam Factor they possess which would unlock the monster's full power once with the  Eve Factor . [1]  After Ren is defeated by Yuya, he muses if the youth is truly able to resist the G.O.D. card's influence. [7] 
 
 Deck 
 G.O.D. shares the "Mystic" deck with  Eve .
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 37 - 39 
 Lose (with  Eve )
 
 Trivia 
 This card's name is a play on the English word "god" to emphasize its immeasurable power and ability to influence people and events. 
 This card being a "god card" that is said to "have the power to decide the fate of the world", is surprisingly similar to the  Numeron Code  from  ZEXAL . 
 In  Scale 25  of the manga, Genesis Omega Dragon is revealed to be a  Pendulum Monster . 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 18: " An Unknown Enemy! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 4: " The Hungry Assassin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 25: " Adam and Eve! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 24: " The Reason They're After Us! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 23: " The Trick Revealed! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 15: " It's Zero! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 24: " The Reason They're After Us! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/GOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/330?cb=20180827180348', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Genesis_Omega_Dragon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151121174554', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/GenesisOmegaDragon-EN-Manga-AV-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180827175939']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V manga characters, Duel Monster Spirits