Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Revolution_Beginning


 
 Revolution Beginning 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English 
 Revolution Beginning 
 
 
 
 Set Information 
 
 Medium 
 Video game  
 
 
 Type 
 Booster pack 
 
 
 Number of cards 
 90 
 
 
 Cover card 
 Junk Destroyer 
 
 
 Release date 
 January 1, 2019 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 Navigation 
 
 
 Previous 
 Current 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Secrets of the Ancients 
 Revolution Beginning 
 Tornado of Phantoms 
 
 
 
 
 
 Revolution Beginning  is an original pack in the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . It was first released in-game on January 1, 2019.
 Revolution Beginning  is the first box to introduce reprinted cards from the previous boxes.
 
 Description 
 Witness the beginning of a new age... Join the revolution with " Junk Destroyer "! 
 
 Featuring: 
" Junk Destroyer ", When this monster is Synchro Summoned you can destroy as many cards on the field up to the number of non-Tuner monsters you used to Synchro Summon it. Use " Synchro Material " to use your opponent's monsters as Synchro Materials to destroy even more cards! 
" Doomcaliber Knight ", When a monster's effect activates, this monster Tributes itself to negate the effect. It boasts a high ATK as well, but be careful, because this monster will negates your own monsters' effect as well. 
" Miracle Fusion ", A powerful Spell Card that lets you Fusion Summon an " Elemental HERO " monster by banishing monsters from your field or Graveyard. First, use " Polymerization " to Fusion Summon with monsters in your hand. Then, you can Fusion Summon the same monster again by using "Miracle Fusion"! 
" Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei" ", When this monster is Synchro Summoned, you can Special Summon a " Karakuri " monster from your Deck. In addition, once per turn, you can change the battle position of a monster on the field. Use this effect to destroy monsters that have a high ATK but low DEF. 
 
A total of 90 types of Cards: 9  UR , 11  SR , 28  R , and 42  N .
 
 
 
 Each box of  Revolution Beginning  contains 180 packs. Each pack contains 3 different cards: 2 of them are individually guaranteed to be Normal (aka Common) or Rare, while the third card is guaranteed to be Rare, Super Rare, or Ultra Rare. There is a guaranteed number of copies of each individual card per box, depending on its rarity:
 
 Ultra Rare: 1 copy 
 Super Rare: 2 copies 
 Rare: 6 copies 
 Normal (aka Common): 8 copies
 The exceptions to this are the following Normal cards, with there being 9 copies of each instead: " Non-Fusion Area ", " Reanimation Wave ", " Fabled Dyf ", " Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" ", and " Karakuri Anatomy ". 
 Reprinted cards from previous boxes include: " Fabled Urustos ", " Fabled Dyf ", " Koa'ki Meiru Boulder ", " Karakuri Anatomy ", and " Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" ". 
 List 
 Name Rarity Category " Junk Destroyer " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Karakuri Shogun mdl 00 "Burei" " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Ancient Sacred Wyvern " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Underworld Fighter Balmung " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " The Fabled Cerburrel " Ultra Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Fabled Grimro " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Doomcaliber Knight " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Miracle Fusion " Ultra Rare Normal   Spell Card " Shrink " Ultra Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Iron Chain Dragon " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Fabled Ragin " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Fabled Raven " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Karakuri Komachi mdl 224 "Ninishi" " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Karakuri Merchant mdl 177 "Inashichi" " Super Rare Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord " Super Rare Effect Monster " Shield Crush " Super Rare Normal   Spell Card " Karakuri Cash Cache " Super Rare Normal   Spell Card " Diamond Core of Koa'ki Meiru " Super Rare Normal   Spell Card " Synchro Material " Super Rare Normal   Trap Card " Unending Nightmare " Super Rare Continuous   Trap Card " Fabled Valkyrus " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " The Fabled Kudabbi " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Genex Ally Axel " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Iron Chain Repairman " Rare Effect Monster " Fabled Kushano " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Fabled Krus " Rare Effect Monster " The Fabled Chawa " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Karakuri Soldier mdl 236 "Nisamu" " Rare Effect Monster " Karakuri Strategist mdl 248 "Nishipachi" " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Karakuri Barrel mdl 96 "Shinkuro" " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Karakuri Ninja mdl 919 "Kuick" " Rare Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru War Arms " Rare Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Wall " Rare Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Gravirose " Rare Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Speeder " Rare Effect Monster " Genex Recycled " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " R-Genex Turbo " Rare Effect Monster " Lucent, Netherlord of Dark World " Rare Effect Monster " Synchron Explorer " Rare Effect Monster " Crashbug X " Rare Effect Monster " Gaap the Divine Soldier " Rare Effect Monster " Justice Bringer " Rare Effect Monster " Swarm of Scarabs " Rare Effect Monster " Karakuri Trick House " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Reckoned Power " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Core Reinforcement " Rare Continuous   Trap Card " Dark Deal " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Miniaturize " Rare Continuous   Trap Card " Ancient Tool " Normal Normal Monster " Inpachi " Normal Normal Monster " Iron Chain Coil " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Iron Chain Snake " Normal Effect Monster " Fabled Oltro " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Fabled Miztoji " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " The Fabled Nozoochee " Normal Effect Monster " The Fabled Peggulsus " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Koa'ki Meiru Beetle " Normal Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Hydro Barrier " Normal Effect Monster " Ally Salvo " Normal Effect Monster " Ms. Judge " Normal Effect Monster " Aurora Paragon " Normal Effect Monster " Stardust Phantom " Normal Effect Monster " Crashbug Y " Normal Effect Monster " Crashbug Z " Normal Effect Monster " Nightmare Horse " Normal Effect Monster " Necro Defender " Normal Effect Monster " Necro Linker " Normal Effect Monster " Backup Warrior " Normal Effect Monster " Rescue Warrior " Normal Effect Monster " Ultimate Obedient Fiend " Normal Effect Monster " Cyber Saurus " Normal Fusion Monster " Poison Chain " Normal Continuous   Spell Card " Gateway to Dark World " Normal Quick-Play   Spell Card " Level Tuning " Normal Normal   Spell Card " Resonance Device " Normal Normal   Spell Card " Falling Current " Normal Normal   Spell Card " White Veil " Normal Equip   Spell Card " Karakuri Cash Shed " Normal Counter   Trap Card " Core Blast " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Dark World Brainwashing " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Barrel Behind the Door " Normal Counter   Trap Card " Non-Fusion Area " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Lucky Chance " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Parallel Selection " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Reanimation Wave " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Fabled Urustos " Normal Effect Monster " Fabled Dyf " Normal Effect Monster " Karakuri Ninja mdl 7749 "Nanashick" " Normal Effect Monster " Koa'ki Meiru Boulder " Normal Effect Monster " Karakuri Anatomy " Normal Continuous   Spell Card 
 External links 
 konami.com   Revolution Beginning 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links Events 
 Character unlock events 
 Welcome to Toon World 
 Fear the Deck of Terror! The Destiny Board of Doom 
 Paradox Brothers: Guardians of the Gate 
 Attack of the Rare Hunters! Yami Marik Returns! 
 Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom! 
 Dr. Crowler's Tricky Tests 
 Bonz's Spooky Zombie Party 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Begins! 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Awaken! Rainbow Dragon! 
 Syrus Truesdale's Road to Duel Links 
 Espa Roba's Duel Carnival 
 Cyberdark Impact! Zane Truesdale Strikes! 
 Tabletop RPG: Monster World 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sector Security on the Move! Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 I've Got Dino DNA! Tyranno Hassleberry's Ultimate Evolution 
 Consumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 Raid Duel - The Flames of Vengeance: Ccapac Apu 
 Rise of Yubel - Soul Polymerization 
 Destiny Decided! Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Transcend Game Part 2 
 Raid Duel - The Netherworld Cometh: Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Memories of a Friend 
 Blair Flannigan's Maiden in Love 
 Carly Carmine's Duel Links Spotlight! 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Téa Gardner's Reminiscence of the Future 
 Duelist Road - Clash at Crash Town 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 Shark Attack: Numbers Appear 
 D.D. Castle: Assault 
 Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist 
 Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 Raid Duel - Fear the Meklord Emperor 
 Raid Duel - Giant Grinder: The Meet-and-Greet of Nightmares 
 D.D. Castle: Supreme King Rises 
 For the Sake of the Family: Trey Arrives 
 The Power Beyond Dimensions: Declan Akaba 
 Raid Duel - The Embodiment of Despair: Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 The Dark Duelist of Xyz: Yuto! 
 Roaming character events 
 Roaming Duelists 
 Rex Raptor's Dino Mayhem! 
 Chazz-A-Thon 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Other events 
 Duel-A-Thon 
 Duelist Challenges 
 Card Flipper Campaign 
 Unleash the Egyptian God Card! Yami Marik Returns II 
 D.D. Tower: Fire Dimension 
 D.D. Tower: Water Dimension 
 Duel Island: -Gladiator- 
 D.D. Tower: Wind & Earth Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 D.D. Tower: Dark Dimension 
 Duel Quest 
 D.D. Tower: Sacred Light Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Tour Guide's Bingo Missions 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Society of Light 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Mission Circuit 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Yubel 
 Turbo Duel Grand Prix 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Fight for the Fortune Cup 
 Carly's Fortune-Telling 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Attack of the Dark Signers 
 D.D. Castle: Emergence 
 D.D. Castle: Siege 
 Duelist Road - The Power of ZEXAL! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Duelist Road - The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D's: The Three Emperors of Iliaster 
 
 Items 
 Card sleeve 
 Gate Key 
 Ticket 
 Icon 
 Playmat 
 Sets 
 Main Packs 
 The Ultimate Rising 
 Neo-Impact 
 Valkyrie's Rage 
 Chaotic Compliance 
 Crimson Kingdom 
 Electric Overload 
 Generation Next 
 Galactic Origin 
 Primal Burst 
 Abyss Encounters 
 Valiant Souls 
 Crusaders' Battlegrounds 
 Burning Nova 
 Gaia Genesis 
 Stardust Acceleration 
 Blackstorm Rising 
 Revolution Beginning 
 Absolute Inferno 
 Warriors Unite 
 Blazing Rose 
 Cybernetic Rebellion 
 Valhalla Calling 
 Dark Dimension 
 Aerial Assault 
 Future Horizon 
 Judgement Force 
 Truth Universe 
 Witch's Sorcery 
 Infernity Destruction 
 Shining Hope 
 Shark Fang 
 Infinite Ray 
 Antinomic Theory 
 Eternal Stream 
 Darkness Gimmick 
 Pendulum Genesis 
 Chaotic Soldiers 
 Fantastic Arc 
 Maximum Gustav 
 Cross Dimension 
 Shining Sunrise 
 Link Revolution 
 Braver Victory 
 Mini Packs 
 Age of Discovery 
 Flame of the Tyrant 
 Wonders of the Sky 
 Land of the Titans 
 Dawn of Destiny 
 Echoes of Silence 
 Servants of Kings 
 Blades of Spirits 
 Resonance of Contrast 
 Rampage of the Forest 
 Visions of Ice 
 Clash of Wings 
 Empire of Scarlet 
 Power of Bravery 
 Secrets of the Ancients 
 Tornado of Phantoms 
 Dimension of the Wizards 
 Lords of Shining 
 Guardians of Rock 
 Curse of Dread 
 Spirit of the Beast 
 Soul of Resurrection 
 Masters of Shadow 
 Fortress of Gears 
 Flames of the Heart 
 Chronicle of Glory 
 Arena of Sanctuary 
 Voltage of the Metal 
 Rage of Volcano 
 Photon of Galaxy 
 Sign of Harpies 
 The King of Vermilion 
 Arts of Atlantis 
 Idea of Armageddon 
 Force of Infinity 
 Phantom of Rebellion 
 Energy of Gigarays 
 Heart of Xyz 
 Stars of Synchro 
 Stage of Trickstar 
 Structure Decks 
 Dragonic Force 
 Sorcerer's Alliance 
 Legendary Warriors 
 HERO Rising 
 Destiny Rulers 
 Dragonic Knights 
 Synchro Connection 
 Swordbound Silence 
 Return of the Red-Eyes 
 Hero Generation 
 Gagaga Xyz 
 Magicians Arc 
 Structure Decks EX 
 Spellbound Silence 
 The White Dragon of Legend 
 Ancient Gear Awakening 
 Neos Fusion 
 Full Metal Desperado 
 Masters of Chaos 
 King's Resonance 
 Dragunity Overdrive 
 Gladiator's Storm 
 Return of the Fire Kings 
 Tales of the Noble Knights 
 Blue-Eyes Evolution 
 Stardust Nexus 
 Rise of Gaia 
 Evil Domination 
 D/D/D Apocalypse 
 Cyber Style Extreme 
 Sword of Paladin 
 Tellarknight Advent 
 Brave Hope 
 Ruddy Rose Burning 
 Cyberse Code 
 Limited Edition Sets 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Super Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 05 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Super Mini 
 Special Packs 
 New Week Campaign! 
 Vol.01 
 Vol.02 
 Vol.03 
 Vol.04 
 
 Forbidden/Limited Lists 
 2017
 August 
 November 
 2018
 January
 9 
 24 
 February
 5 
 June
 26 
 August
 29 
 October
 29 
 2019
 January
 24 
 March
 25 
 May
 16 
 July
 26 
 August
 27 
 October
 28 
 December
 11 
 2020
 March
 24 
 May
 21 
 July
 21 
 October
 14 
 December
 15 
 2021
 January
 5 
 March
 9 
 May
 10 
 July
 9 
 August
 6 
 Skill Rebalancing 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 Miscellaneous 
 Card Trader 
 Duel Quiz 
 Mission Bingo 
 Loaner Deck Duels 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/RevolutionBeginning.png/revision/latest?cb=20190109215653']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links sets