Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Top_Clear_Mind

This article is about the ability. For the song, see  Clear Mind (song) .      
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime,  Clear Mind  is the ability to control  Ener-D  with one's own heart. [1]  Achieving a state of Clear Mind is required in order to perform an  Accel Synchro Summon . [2]  In the dub, it is also known as  Perfect Synchronicity . When performed in the Japanese dub, Yusei shouts "Clear Mind!" before beginning the summoning chant for Shooting Star Dragon. In the English dub, he says his usual "Rev it up!".
 Clear Mind was first seen performed by  Bruno .  [3] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Requirements 
 2   Top Clear Mind 
 3   Over Top Clear Mind 
 4   References 
 
 
 Requirements 
 One of the three requirements for Clear Mind is speed, shown by the fact that all instances of it have occurred only in  Turbo Duels . In one instance,  Primo  was able to block this requirement by ordering his  Diablo  minions to surround his opponent, preventing acceleration.
 The second requirement for Clear Mind is that the user's  mind  must be  clear , psychologically speaking. The user must free themselves from all negativity in their mind and heart, and must maintain focus on the battle at hand and nothing else. Bruno is shown to excel at this, being able to ride straight through a wall of fire without even flinching while in this state. Yusei failed this requirement the first time he attempted an Accel Synchro Summon, due to Primo's taunting distracting him.
 In many instances, Yusei has been able to achieve Clear Mind even when his mind wasn't totally clear, using the power of the  Crimson Dragon  to aid him. He has been able to successfully achieve Clear Mind without relying on the Crimson Dragon during one instance when he Dueled against  Taro Yamashita . [4] 
 According to  Z-one , the third and last requirement is simply a  card  that has the ability to  Accel Synchro Summon .
 
 Top Clear Mind 
 Top Clear Mind  is an enhanced state of Clear Mind, first introduced and performed by  Antinomy  during his second Duel against Yusei. This state is necessary to perform a  Delta Accel Synchro Summon . Its power greatly exceeds that of Clear Mind, as shown when Antinomy's Delta Accel Synchro Summon created a shock wave that caused the star nearby the Duel to collapse and turn into a black hole. [5]  According to Antinomy, to achieve such a state, the user must strongly believe in their own potential to exceed their limits.
 While Yusei has never performed Top Clear Mind on screen, according to  Z-one's readout , he must have learned to perform it at some time in the alternate future as he was shown possessing  a Delta Accel Synchro monster . [6]  Z-one's arrival in the present time rewrote that future, causing Yusei to instead develop Over Top Clear Mind (see below).
 
 Over Top Clear Mind 
 Over Top Clear Mind  is the highest known evolution of Clear Mind, greatly exceeding even the power of Top Clear Mind. It is first introduced by Yusei during his duel against Z-one. It is required in order to perform a  Limit Over Accel Synchro Summon . When performed, it turned Yusei and his Duel Runner golden in color, possibly implying its god-like powers. To achieve this state, Yusei needed to possess the complete  Mark of the Dragon , and, like Top Clear Mind, needed to strongly believe in the potential to exceed his limits, while also believing in the bonds of those closest to him such as  friends  or  supporters . [7] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 107: " Primo's Plan, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 108: " Primo's Plan, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 074: " The Synchro Solution " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 122: " The Power to Believe! The Strongest Giant Zushin VS Shooting Star Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 144: " Beginning of the End, Struggle to the Death for the Future! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 149: " The Revived Hero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 150: " Entrusted Feelings of My Father " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Abilities