Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_055


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 055 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 055 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 仲間達の想い、救世竜セイヴァー・ドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Nakama-tachi no Omoi, Kyūseiryū Seivā Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Companions' Feelings, Salvation Dragon - Savior Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 A Score to Settle, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 055 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 22, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 12, 2010 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Satoru Minowa 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Majestic Dragon 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " 
 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "A Score to Settle, Part 2" , known as  "Companions' Feelings, Salvation Dragon: Savior Dragon"  in the Japanese version, is the fifty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 22, 2009 and in the United States on January 12, 2010.
 Yusei  and  Kalin  continue their  Duel  and Kalin hopes to win against his former friend with " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ". Despite this, Yusei is determined to save his friend. The powers of the  Crimson Dragon  enable him to call forth a new monster, " Majestic Star Dragon ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Kalin Kessler 
 3   Differences in adaptions 
 4   Differences in the Japanese DVD version 
 5   Mistakes 
 
 5.1   Dub Mistakes 
 5.2   All Versions Mistakes 
 
 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 Kalin  was about to attack " Max Warrior " with " Infernity Archfiend ", but the  ATK  of the latter monster suddenly becomes 800. Yusei reveals the  effect  of the " Ghost Gardna " that was destroyed decreases its ATK by 1000 until the  End Phase . It's Yusei's  turn  and he  draws a card . Yusei's  SPC  goes to 2 and Kalin’s SPC goes to 5. Yusei Summons " Junk Synchron " with 1300 ATK and tunes it with " Speed Warrior " to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Warrior " with 2300 ATK. He then activates the  Trap Card , " Synchro Striker Unit ", which becomes an  Equip Card  and increases the the equipped monster’s ATK by 1000. He equips it to "Junk Warrior" and the monster’s ATK goes to 3300. He sends "Max Warrior" to attack "Infernity Archfiend", with its effect increasing its own ATK by 400, to 2200. Kalin activates his Trap Card, " Infernity Force ", which destroys "Max Warrior" as Kalin has no cards in his hand. He can then Special Summon a Level 4 or lower " Infernity " monster from his Graveyard. He Summons " Infernity Necromancer ". "Junk Warrior" attacks and destroys " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " and Kalin's  Life Points  drop to 3700.  Crow  seems worried as he watches on.
 Kalin laughs and add one card from his Deck to his hand, thanks to his dragon's effect. Yusei suspected that Kalin used his dragon to get the card he draws. After that, he  Sets  2 cards and ends his turn. During the  End Phase , the ATK of "Junk Warrior" decreases by 800 due to the effect of "Synchro Striker Unit. Yusei sees Kalin's card and concludes that is " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", but he’s still determined to save Kalin.
 While watching the  Turbo Duel , Crow remembers that Yusei tried to save Kalin just like before. While engaging in the  Turbo Duel , Yusei remembers the night where everything went wrong for Kalin, all those years ago.  Sector Security  has cornered Kalin’s hideout with Kalin, Yusei, Crow and  Jack  inside. Kalin saw his friends removing their  Duel Disks  from their wrists and putting them on the table. Kalin asks what is going on and if they're going to fight together. Jack tells Kalin to open his eyes and Crow add that he don't have a chance in hell if he goes up against Sector Security head-on. Yusei tells him to get out of the building, but Kalin replies that won't satisfy him and adds that they defeated  Satellite  and dominated Satellite for the first time and begs them to have their last Duel. Jack tells him that they no longer have the same views as Kalin's. Kalin doesn’t believe what he just heard. Yusei tells him that they're friends and they want to save him from Sector Security. Kalin is shocked by the answer he just heard and Sector Security began to attack the building.  The four  manage to escape the building, only to be pursued by the Sector Security agents.
 They get separated and Kalin is trapped at a dead end. A Sector Security agent appears and Kalin says he'll just have to fight by himself, then. He began the Duel and Summons " Vorse Raider ". The agent counters with " Montage Dragon " Kalin jumps at him the agent and the two struggle which makes the agent lose control of his  Duel Runner . Yusei manages to find Kalin and begs him to stop. The Duel Runner hit a wall and both Kalin and the agent landed hardly on the ground. Only Kalin remains conscious. Kalin finds a wooden stick and was about to beat the agent to death with it. But Yusei stopped him and the two friends began to fight. Kalin kept saying that he must crush Sector Security. Crow and Jack managed to find them and all four hide inside an abandoned house. Jack says it's only a matter of time before they're found out. Yusei asks Jack and Crow to take care of Kalin. Yusei goes to Sector Security and surrenders himself, saying he's the leader of the Enforcers and was the one who attacked the Sector Security HQ. He asks to be taken in.
 The captain  appears and tells the agents to secure the leader. They arrested Kalin, much to Yusei's surprise. Yusei tried to tell the captain that they got the wrong leader in an attempt to place the blame on himself and save Kalin. The captain refused to listen and says that defiance against Sector Security is a first-class crime and that Kalin won't be seen ever again. He laughs and touches Yusei's shoulder. Kalin saw it and thought that Yusei betrayed him. Kalin becomes furious and accuses Yusei of betraying him, while the agents sent him into the wagon. Yusei tried to explain himself, but Kalin is too angry to listen to his former friend. Yusei yells out Kalin's name as Sector Security takes Kalin away.
 Yusei says that he, Jack and Crow tried to save him, but Kalin still thinks they betrayed him. Crow tells him that Yusei tried to surrender in Kalin's place, but Kalin asks him why he didn't fight with him until the end and bend to Sector Security's questioning and adds that these actions mean that the Enforcers sold him out. 
 He then tells Yusei about the fate that awaits those who oppose Sector Security. While explaining that, he explains that he painfully received a  Criminal mark  on his face, and the guards kept abusing him. Crow explains that they tried to visit him, but they were never able to meet him and adds that they heard news that Kalin died. Kalin yells out it wasn't that simple and he could have withstood countless brutality, however the Securities took away his Deck that was more precious to him than his life. After that, he went into a depression in which he refused to eat that let him starve to death. One night a sinister voice and asks  what Kalin's desire is. The voice also said that, to have this desire, he must become a  Dark Signer . Kalin says that he wants vengeance and dies. Kalin says by becoming a Dark Signer, he swore revenge on Yusei and that he'll make Yusei go through the worst fears he had to endure, all through his "Earthbound Immortal".
 It's Kalin’s turn and he draws a card. Yusei's SPC goes to 3 and Kalin's SPC goes to 6. He Tributes "Infernity Necromancer" and "Infernity Archfiend" to Summon "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" with 3000 ATK.  Luna  is afraid and puts her arms around  Leo . Crow and  Trudge  are equally frightened. Kalin sends "Ccapac Apu" to attack Yusei directly. Yusei remembers his first encounter with "Ccapac Apu" and refused to run in fear anymore and by sending his "Earthbound Immortal" to its doom, he’ll face Kalin’s fears. He activates the Trap Card, " Baton of the Hero ". During this turn, he can designate an opposing monster’s attack target, shocking Kalin. He switches the target to "Junk Warrior", who is destroyed as Yusei's Life Points drop to 2400. Kalin is surprised that Yusei used a monster to shield himself to evade the "Earthbound Immortal". The effect of "Ccapac Apu" activates, inflicting damage to Yusei equal the destroyed monster's ATK. With only 2500 Life Points, Luna is worried for Yusei. He activates his face-down " Burst Synchro Summon ", reducing the effect damage to zero. Yusei's Life Points are saved for the moment. "Burst Synchro Summon" also enables him to Special Summon a  Synchro Monster  with an ATK equal to the effect damage he would have taken,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . Leo and Luna correctly conclude that Yusei with Summon " Stardust Dragon ", while Crow realizes why Yusei let "Junk Warrior" be destroyed. Kalin Sets a card.
 It’s Yusei’s turn and he draws a card. Yusei's SPC goes to 4 and Kalin's SPC goes to 7. Kalin activates the  Continuous Trap Card , " Brilliant Shrine Art ", which will let him redirect attacks to his "Earthbound Immortal". Yusei activates " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ", which lets him draw 2 cards and  send  one card from his hand to the Graveyard. The card he sent to the Graveyard was " Stardust Xiaolong "; it is then Special Summoned via its own effect. Yusei Sets a card. Kalin draws, while Yusei's SPC goes to 5 and Kalin's SPC goes to 8. Yusei activates the Trap Card, " Superior Protector ",  equipping  it to "Stardust Dragon", which will nullify  Battle Damage  to him except through battles involving the equipped monster. Kalin is surprised that Yusei is containing  direct attacks  too but that he'll crush "Stardust Dragon".
 He send "Ccapac Apu" to attack "Stardust Dragon". Yusei activates the effect of "Superior Protector", sending it to the Graveyard to negate the destruction by battle. However, he will still take Battle Damage. Kalin activates " Wicked Trample " his doubles the  Battle Damage  Yusei will receive except those caused by direct attacks. Yusei is surprised as his Life Points decrease to 1400 and his SPC to 4.
 The attack caused Kalin to lose control of his Duel Runner for a moment. Yusei tries to help him, which makes Kalin remembers the day he saved Yusei from falling from a building. Yusei tells him that he was presumptuous enough to think he could saved Kalin by sacrificing himself and that only unity of companions can save a companion. Crow and Luna are overwhelmed by Yusei's words. Suddenly, all of the  Signers '  Mark of the Dragon  began to glow. Yusei tells Kalin that both Crow and Jack share the same concerns. Plus, their new friends are giving them their support. He also add that this isn't a battle to defeat Kalin, but to save him from the Dark Signers. Kalin is overwhelmed by Yusei's words and asks why it matters now.
 Kalin loses control of his Duel Runner again and Yusei cries out Kalin's name. His Mark of the Dragon keeps glowing brighter. The marks of  Akiza ,  Jack ,  Luna  and the fifth Signer disappear and form on Yusei's back, forming the complete mark of the  Crimson Dragon . Crow and Luna are surprised by this turn of events. Yusei says that their wishes will cluster together and be completed. It's Yusei's turn and his SPC goes to 5. He sees a light in his Deck, and draws a card that glows. Yusei thinks this card will lead him to a miracle and save Kalin. This card is the Effect Monster, " Majestic Dragon ". He Summons it and then tunes it with "Stardust Dragon" and "Stardust Xiaolong" to Synchro Summon " Majestic Star Dragon " with 3800 ATK. Yusei says that its effect  negates  the effects of an opponent's monster and gain that effect for itself until the End Phase. He sends "Majestic Star Dragon" to attack the "Earthbound Immortal". It is destroyed and the "Majestic Star Dragon" is able to use the effect of "Ccapac Apu" to reduce Kalin's Life Points to zero.
 Yusei goes to Kalin's side and says that he's going to save him this time. Kalin's eyes return to normal as he explains that when he became a Dark Signer, he asked for one more wish: That he wanted to play the last Duel of the Enforcers, the one that never came true back then. Yusei is very upset by Kalin's words. The giant geoglyph disappears. Kalin said that he wasn't able to stay mad at Yusei and adds that isn't enough to satisfy him. He turns to dust and fades away. Yusei, standing by himself, promises, for Kalin, that he will definitely defeat the Dark Signers. Yusei cries out Kalin's name with tears rolling down his eyes (in the dub, he promises to make the Dark Signers pay for what they did to Kalin).
 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Kalin Kessler 
 ... continued from last episode. 
 Turn 5: Kalin  
" One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " has just destroyed " Ghost Gardna " in battle. The second effect of "Ghost Gardna" activates, reducing the ATK of " Infernity Archfiend " by 1000 ("Infernity Archfiend":1800 → 800/1200). On Kalin's End Phase, the effect of "Ghost Gardna" expires ("Infernity Archfiend": 800 → 1800/1200).
 Turn 6: Yusei 
 Yusei  draws " Junk Synchron ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Kalin's SPC: 4 → 5; Yusei's SPC: 1 → 2). Yusei Normal Summons "Junk Synchron" (1300/500) in Attack Position. He then tunes " Speed Warrior " with "Junk Synchron" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Warrior " (2300/1300) in Attack Position.  Yusei  then activates his face-down " Synchro Striker Unit ", equipping it to "Junk Warrior" and increasing its ATK by 1000 ("Junk Warrior": 2300 → 3300/1300).
 " Max Warrior " then attacks "Infernity Archfiend", but  Kalin  activates his face-down " Infernity Force " to  destroy  "Max Warrior" and  Special Summon  " Infernity Necromancer " (0/2000) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. "Junk Warrior" then attacks and destroys "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" (Kalin 4000 → 3700). Kalin then activates the final effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to add " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " from his Deck to his hand.  Yusei   Sets  two cards. On Yusei's End Phase, "Junk Warrior" loses 800  ATK  due to the last effect of "Synchro Striker Unit" ("Junk Warrior": 3300 → 2500/1300).
 Turn 7: Kalin 
 Kalin  draws "Wicked Trample". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 5 → 6; Yusei's SPC: 2 → 3). Kalin then  Tributes  "Infernity Archfiend" and "Infernity Necromancer" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" then attacks directly via its own effect, but  Yusei   activates  his face-down " Baton of the Hero " to redirect the attack to "Junk Warrior", destroying it instead (Yusei 2900 → 2400). Kalin then activates the effect of "Ccapac Apu" to inflict damage to Yusei equal to the ATK of "Junk Warrior", but Yusei  activates  his face-down " Burst Synchro Summon " to reduce the damage he takes to 0 and  Special Summon  " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) from his  Extra Deck  in Attack Position with its effects negated and the Summoning Conditions ignored.  Kalin   Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Yusei 
Yusei draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 6 → 7; Yusei's SPC: 3 → 4).  Kalin   activates  his face-down " Brilliant Shrine Art ". Now when Yusei's monsters declare an attack, Kalin can switch the attack target to "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu".  Yusei   activates  " Speed Spell - Angel Baton " to draw two cards and send "Stardust Xiaolong" from his hand to the  Graveyard . Since "Stardust Dragon" is face-up on Yusei's side of the field, he activates the effect of " Stardust Xiaolong " to Special Summons itself (100/100) from his Graveyard in Attack Position.  Yusei   Sets  a card.
 Turn 9: Kalin 
Kalin draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 7 → 8; Yusei's SPC: 4 → 5).  Yusei  activates his face-down " Superior Protector " to equip it to "Stardust Dragon" and prevent Yusei from taking Battle Damage from battles that don't involve "Stardust Dragon".
 "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" attacks "Stardust Dragon", but Yusei activates the final effect of "Superior Protector" to destroy itself and prevent "Stardust Dragon" from being destroyed. Kalin activates his face-down "Wicked Trample" to double the Battle Damage Yusei takes as the attack made by "Ccapac Apu" wasn't a direct attack (Yusei 2400 → 1400). Yusei loses one Speed Counter (Yusei's SPC: 5 → 4).
 Turn 10: Yusei 
 
       " Majestic Star Dragon "  destroys  " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ".     
 Yusei  draws "Majestic Dragon". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Kalin's SPC: 8 → 9; Yusei's SPC: 4 → 5). Yusei Normal Summons " Majestic Dragon " (0/0) in Attack Position. He then tunes "Stardust Dragon" and "Stardust Xiaolong" with "Majestic Dragon" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Majestic Star Dragon " (3800/3000) in Attack Position. 
 Yusei  then activates the effect of "Majestic Star Dragon" to negate the effects of "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" and transfer them to "Majestic Star Dragon". "Majestic Star Dragon" attacks and destroys "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" (Kalin 3700 → 2900). Yusei then activates the effect of "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" through "Majestic Star Dragon" (Kalin 2900 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptions 
 In the dub, the  Moustached Security officer  says "We only want your leader, turn him in and the rest of you are free to go"; he said nothing in the original. 
 In the dub, all dialogue during the flashbacks is changed. In the original, Yusei narrated the flashback, in the dub, it's Crow who does the narration and the amount of narration is increased. 
 In the dub, the blood from the  Sector Security  officer is removed. 
 In the dub, the scene where Kalin (Kiryu) is about to beat up the unconscious Sector Security officer with a crowbar is removed. 
 In the original, when Kalin (Kiryu) was being taken away by Sector Security he couldn't be heard shouting Yusei's name from the Van. 
 In the dub, when Yusei says "We were only trying to help", Kalin (Kiryu) responds by saying "Well with help like yours who needs help", in the original Yusei only says Kiryu's (Kalin's) name and Kiryu (Kalin) asks if Yusei understands what a person goes through when he goes against Sector Security. 
 In the dub, several scenes where Kalin gets beaten up by Sector Security officers are removed. Furthermore, a scene which Kalin painfully receives a criminal mark is removed. 
 In the original, when Kalin (Kiryu) summons " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu "  Trudge  (Ushio) says "It... it's appeared" to which Crow says "Yusei", in the dub, Trudge (Ushio) says "Ah man, that thing is huge!" to which Crow replies "Gee you think?" 
 In the dub, Yusei narrates the whole flashback of his last duel against Kalin (Kiryu), in the original, Yusei only narrates the last few seconds of the flashback. 
 In the dub, when Yusei mentions the part about summoning a  Synchro Monster  from the  Extra Deck  with the same ATK of the destroyed monster, the scene of him holding " Stardust Dragon " with his middle finger is removed. 
 In the dub, Kalin does not mention the amount of Life Points he loses due to the effect of "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" taken by " Majestic Star Dragon ". 
 Differences in the Japanese DVD version 
 One CGI shot of Kalin (Kiryu) swerving on his D-Wheel (Duel Runner) is redone when the earthquake starts. This was also shown in the dub. 
 Mistakes 
 Dub Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are created by the dubbed version:
 
 When Kalin's " Infernity Archfiend " had its ATK decreased, the Life Point meter is used instead of the ATK meter. 
 When Kalin Summons out " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", he is shown holding " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua ". 
 When Yusei activates " Synchro Striker Unit ", he says that " Max Warrior " will gain the ATK boost, instead of " Junk Warrior ". 
 When Yusei activates " Baton of the Hero ", he says that " Speed Warrior " is the new attack target, rather than "Junk Warrior". 
 All Versions Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are present in the Original and the Dub:
 
 When Kalin (Kiryu) draws a card, his birthmark is red instead of a purple dark mark. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Max Warrior 
 Speed Warrior 
 Stardust Xiaolong 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Synchron 
 Majestic Dragon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior 
 Majestic Star Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Angel Baton 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Baton of the Hero 
 Burst Synchro Summon 
 Superior Protector 
 Synchro Striker Unit 
 
 Kalin Kessler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Infernity Necromancer Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Brilliant Shrine Art 
 Infernity Force 
 Wicked Trample 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Montage Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Trivia 
 This is the first English episode of a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series to air in the 2010s. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/YGO5Ds055.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304094259', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/MajesticStarDragondestroysCcapacApu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150707225217']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes