Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bllood_puzzle


 
 Bllood puzzle 
 
 
 
 
 The bllood clue and the guillotine in the manga version of the game. 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Players 
 Yugi Mutou Katsuya Jonouchi Anzu Mazaki Hiroto Honda Miho Nosaka [Note 1] 
 
 
 Orchestrator(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Death T-2 
 
 
 Location 
 Horror Zone 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series) 
 
 
 Chapters 
 31: " " Murderer's Mansion " " 
 
 
 Episodes 
 22: " " Tearing - Boarderline Shooting " " 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 ↑   Only in the anime 
 
 
 The  bllood puzzle  was a riddle game in the  manga  and  first series anime , played during  Death-T .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga version 
 
 1.1   Rules 
 1.2   Solution 
 1.3   Events 
 
 
 2   Anime version 
 
 
 Manga version 
 Rules 
 The game is played to find an exit to the  Murderer's Mansion . 
 Four players have their hands inside locked in four holes labelled 00, 01, 10 and 11, in a large guillotine. 
 At the opposite sides of the holes are four buttons. One of these will stop the guillotine and release the players hands. The others will cause the blade to fall. 
 After five minutes the blade will fall itself. 
 The players are given a clue to find the correct button. The clue is a slip of paper with "bllood" wrote on it. The second "l" is also an arrow pointing downwards. 
 Solution 
 The lines and circles making up the letters in "bllood" can be viewed as 1s and 0s, making it "10 11 00 01". These are also the numbers labelling the switches. The 11 contains an arrow pointing downwards, indicitating that the exit is in the basement. Since the eleven is used to find the exit, it is the solution to the riddle, so pressing its button stops the blade and releases the hands.
 
 Events 
 Yugi ,  Jonouchi ,  Anzu  and  Honda  had to play this during  Death-T . Yugi had previously found the sheet of paper with the bllood clue, while searching the  mansion  for an exit. A hologram of  Kaiba  appeared before Yugi and his friends, telling them that the murderer, the  Chopman , was in the mansion and in order to find the exit, they must put their hands inside the holes.
 The group struggled to find the solution. After some encouragement, Yugi managed to find the answer last second, saving him and his friends and revealing a trapdoor exit.
 
 Anime version 
       The machine used in the game.     
 The anime version of the bllood puzzle plays similarly to the one in the manga, set as a stage in the Death-T. This time, Yugi and his friends are all separated by the floor, with each of Yugi's friends holding down a lever that controls a slowly advancing machine. The machine is the one to have "bllood" written on it, and would crush Yugi and his friends if the answer was not found in time. Releasing the correct lever would stop it, while releasing the wrong one would speed it up.
 Unlike the manga version, Kaiba also leaves Yugi and his friends with a hint, saying that the machine "doesn't like it when its name is spelt wrongly", hinting at the intentional misspelling of "bllood". Also, none of Yugi's friends were allowed to move - only Yugi was allowed to make the decision on which lever to release.
 
 v e 
 Death-T Players 
 Dark Yugi  ( anime ) 
 Johji 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  ( anime ) 
 Hiroto Honda  ( anime ) 
 Anzu Mazaki  ( anime ) 
 Yugi Mutou  ( anime ) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Blue 
 Chopman 
 Daimon 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Mokuba Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Seto Kaiba  ( anime ) 
 Bob McGuire 
 " Name unknown " 
 Games 
 Death T-1 (Stardust Shootout) 
 Death T-2 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Deathmatch 
 Death T-3 (Rhythm Rock) 
 Death T-4 (Virtual  Capsule Monster Chess ) 
 Death T-5 (Virtual  Duel Monsters ) 
 Locations 
 Dome Duel Arena 
 Horror Zone 
 Kaiba Land 
 Murderer's Mansion 
 Room of falling cubes 
 Second Arena 
 Space Zone 
 Other events 
 Kaiba Land grand opening 
 Sugoroku Mutou and Seto Kaiba's Duel 
 
 Category 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Death-T-2.2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/304?cb=20080929221718', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/FSx022_bllood_machine.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110828210842']
Categories: Death-T, Games, Games (events)