Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_039


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 039 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 降 臨 ！２ 体 の 地 縛 神 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kōrin! Nitai no Jibakushin 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Descend! The Two Earthbound Gods 
 
 
 English 
 Digging Deeper, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 039 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 24, 2008 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 14, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuji Kokai 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " 
 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 ", known as " Descend! The Two Earthbound Gods " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on December 24, 2008 and in the United States on August 14, 2009.
 Misty  and  Carly  continue their Duels against  Akiza  and  Sayer , respectively.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Akiza and Misty's Duel 
 1.2   Escaping imprisonment 
 1.3   Summoning "Ccarayhua" 
 1.4   Summoning "Aslla piscu" 
 1.5   Destruction of the building 
 1.6   Dark Signers' escape 
 
 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Akiza Izinski vs. Misty Tredwell 
 2.2   Sayer vs. Carly Carmine 
 
 
 3   Difference in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Akiza and Misty's Duel 
 Jack  hastily rides his  Duel Runner  closer to the  Arcadia Movement  building while trying to find an entrance through the flaming symbol that is surrounding the Arcadia Movement headquarters.
 Meanwhile, inside, Misty informs Akiza that if she wishes to save Sayer, she may leave after defeating her, provided Akiza can actually do so. Anxiously, Akiza begins her turn. As she does so, Misty reminds her that " Black Rose Dragon " has been turned to stone and subsequently has 0  ATK , and with " Savage Colosseum " in play, it must declare an attack. "Black Rose Dragon" is forced to battle " Reptile Gorgon ". Unable to move, "Black Rose Dragon" is easily destroyed. "Black Rose Dragon" shatters and Akiza's  Life Points  drop to 2500, causing her to feel the pain inflicted by  Shadow Dueling . She remarks that this power is on par with that of  Psychic Dueling . Misty assures her that Psychic Dueling comes nowhere close to this power, the power of a  Dark Signer . She asks Akiza what's wrong and that she seems shocked that there's a type of Dueling more terrifying than Psychic Dueling.
 Misty then calls the Black Rose Witch to bring on her power and let her see the magic that spreads fear. Akiza sighs and continues her turn. She gains 300  Life Points  from the effect of "Savage Colosseum" and activates " Synchro Spirits ",  removing from play  "Black Rose Dragon" from her  Graveyard  to  Special Summon  its  Synchro Material Monsters . " Twilight Rose Knight " and " Lord Poison " are revived. Next, she activates " Dimension Reversion ", returning "Black Rose Dragon" to her  Extra Deck . Misty sees this as no trouble as she will simply destroy "Black Rose Dragon" just as many times as Akiza  Summons  it. Akiza plays " Urgent Tuning ", allowing her to perform a  Synchro Summon  during the  Battle Phase . She tunes "Twilight Rose Knight" and "Lord Poison" to Summon "Black Rose Dragon" once again. Akiza then uses "Black Rose Dragon's" effect to  clear the field  upon its Synchro Summon. All cards apart from "Savage Colosseum", which was protected by " Field Barrier ", are destroyed in a whirlwind of petals. Seeing Akiza  destroy  "Black Rose Dragon" to take out her field, Misty says that she finds it refreshing, that the one called the Black Rose Witch should struggle like this to survive.
 Akiza still doesn't know what grudge Misty holds against her, but since she's taking a serious pass at her life, Akiza says she must also put up a serious fight. Misty argues that that's something Akiza has always done. She has repeatedly destroyed, under the pretext that she was saving herself, not caring how many were sacrificed in the process. Now Misty vows to make Akiza suffer the same pain that she has allotted others. Misty identifies herself and  her brother  as people Akiza has allotted despair upon. Akiza states that she doesn't know who Misty's brother is. That doesn't surprise Misty, as she claims his existence must have been nothing more than a mere drop in the bucket to Akiza. She then says that Akiza killed her brother, causing Akiza to freeze stiff and whisper back "what did you say?".
 
 Escaping imprisonment 
 Tanner  breaks down the door into  Luna's  room. Luna is happy to see him and  Yanagi  enter. Yanagi hugs Luna, while Tanner spots  Leo  through the window into the next room. He instructs the other two to stand back, while he picks up a sofa and smashes it through the window.
 Tanner wakes up Leo and asks if he's okay. Leo remembers losing to  Sayer  and asks where is Luna, who is standing right in front of him. He is glad to see Luna is okay, although Luna points out that it should be the other way around. The four agree that they should quickly get out of the building.
 Misty explains that her brother died after watching one of Akiza's Duels at the  Daimon Area . Akiza denies knowing who her younger brother is and says there were no boys at that Duel field. Misty says how her brother had admired the Black Rose Witch, causing Akiza's eyes to tremble. Misty notes that Akiza's powers could have also been used to save others. Akiza argues that she does not have such a power that can save people. Clenching a fist, she explains that she only has an accursed power, that will continue to haunt her.
 As Leo, Luna, Yanagi and Tanner dash down a flight of stairs, Luna detects something with her  Mark of the Dragon . She infers that Akiza is Dueling and rushes in the direction of the Duel.
 Misty calls Akiza a fool who uses her gifted power only for her own needs and claims that had she not existed, her brother would still be alive. Misty glares at Akiza with pitch-dark eyes, vowing to make Akiza pay and fully assured that she was revived to seek revenge on her. She prompts Akiza to continue her turn.
 
 Summoning "Ccarayhua" 
 Luna arrives and spots Akiza dueling. Akiza  Sets  a card in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends her turn. Leo, Tanner and Yanagi then arrive and ask who it is that Akiza's facing.
 Misty begins her turn. As she raises her arm, after drawing a card, Luna spots her  dark mark . She recognizes it as one of the " Earthbound Immortals " that fought the  Crimson Dragon , meaning she's one of the Dark Signers. Yanagi recognises Akiza's opponent as Misty, the world's top model. All four spectators are shocked to see that she is a Dark Signer.
 
       The sphere emitted from Luna's mark.     
 Misty activates " Reptile Spawn ", removing from play "Reptile Gorgon" to Special Summon 2 " Reptile Tokens ". Next she  Releases  both  Tokens  and  chants   "O God which resuscitated my life, now I offer you my soul. Break free from the spell held over you for so long. ' Earthbound God Ccarayhua '!"  The Tokens transfigure into two purple orbs of light, which merge and fly though the hallway and out of the building. The orb turns into some sort of device, causing the birthmarks of Akiza, Luna, Jack and  Yusei  to ache. Yusei recognizes the pain as the pain he felt, when  Kalin's  " Earthbound Immortal " was present. Luna's birthmark emits a sphere of light, which surrounds her, Leo, Yanagi and Tanner. Although Luna doesn't know what it is, she is certain it is there to protect them.
 Outside the building, many residents have spotted the device summoned by Misty. All these people apart from  Greiger  (who is inside a Security wagon) transfigure into glowing streams of light, which sail through the air into the device. Greiger wonders what is going on as he helplessly watches the people being sucked by the device. Jack, who is spared from this fate as he is a  Signer , realizes what is going on, as he had seen it during Yusei and Kalin's duel. Inside the building, Luna and her friends are protected by the sphere. The streams sail past the Duel Field. Misty tells Akiza not to worry, as a Signer's soul will not be taken by the arrival of an "Earthbound Immortal", at least not until the end of their  Shadow Duel  (in the dub, she says she's leaving Akiza for last). The device shoots a ray of light, which crashes into the ground, creating a cloud of dust. Jack stops his Duel Runner and sees something that terrifies even him.
 Inside, Akiza asks where is the monster that Misty had Summoned. Misty replies that it has been here a while, and prompts Akiza to look behind her. Akiza's pupils quiver and she turns her head, spotting something pass and completely block the view out a hall window. She stares at a now pitch-gray window and is shocked as it opens, revealing a massive green eye as large as the window itself. Outside, the giant lizard, " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ", is at a height comparable to the building and grips onto it. Akiza slowly backs in the opposite direction. "It would appear that yet another Duel has received its outcome," Misty states. A loud scream is heard coming from above. Akiza recognizes the voice as  Sayer . She looks up and calls out his name, when she spots him plummeting to his doom. (In the dub, this scene is absent.)
 Back in  Satellite , Yusei starts to worry that people in the city are going to suffer, now that an " Earthbound Immortal " has been Summoned. But in his state, there is nothing he can do right now.
 Outside the Arcadia Movement building, a helicopter lowers near Greiger's wagon. The doors to the wagon are swung open and Greiger stands to see a man in Dark Signer robes. Greiger asks who he is. The man answers that his name is  Devack . Devack raises his arm, holding his  Duel Disk  and pulls a card from his Deck. He fires the card, " Axe of Despair ", at the floor of the wagon. The card ricochets up cutting the chains binding Greiger's arms and legs. Devack invites Greiger to come with them, if vengeance still burns in his heart.
 
 Summoning "Aslla piscu" 
 Sayer asks what's happening as the place shakes from Ccarayhua's Summoning.  Carly  tells him that plans are being set for his plummet into eternal darkness. Sayer again asks what happened, but Carly reminds him they are still Dueling and recommends that he fight, if he doesn't want to die. Sayer frowns and stands up. Carly says that she will give him a chance and makes a familiar gesture, as she tells him it will, however, only be one turn. She asks him to entertain her.
 Sayer thinks that Carly's power greatly exceeds Psychic Dueling, but seems to only activate during a Duel. In that case he must win the Duel; he doesn't call himself the leader of the Arcadia Movement for nothing.
 Sayer begins his turn and draws " Teleport ". With " Future Visions " in play, any monster  Normal Summoned  will be sent into the future, he thinks. He gets around this by activating "Teleport", which allows him to  Special Summon  monsters. By paying 800 Life Points, Sayer Special Summons " Storm Caller ". Next he plays " Premature Burial ", paying another 800 Life Points, leaving him with just 200 Life Points, to Special Summon " Magical Android " from his Graveyard. He has "Storm Caller" attack " Fortune Lady Fire ", but Carly activates " Slip of Fortune ", removing from play "Fire" to  negate  the attack. Next, "Magical Android" attacks Carly directly, dropping her Life Points to 1600. Sayer Summons " Psychic Commander ", who gets removed from play due to "Future Visions'" effect. Sayer ends his turn and gains 1200 Life Points from the effect of "Magical Android".
 Both players stand roughly even at 1400 and 1600 Life Points. Sayer thinks that "Psychic Commander" should return on his next turn, which he plans on tuning with "Magical Android" to  Synchro Summon  his Deck's ace monster, " Thought Ruler Archfiend ", which he can use to easily win.
 Carly has other plans. She begins her turn. Due to the effects of "Future Visions" and "Slip of Fortune", " Fortune Lady Light " and "Fortune Lady Fire" return to her side of the field. She Releases both monsters and the same process that Misty used to Summon her "Earthbound Immortal" begins. Carly chants  "Now transcending five thousand years time, the doors of the underworld will open once more. May our souls be the food of the new world! Descend forth! ' Earthbound God Aslla piscu '!"  Sayer is slightly blown back as she performs the Summon. He calls Carly an idiot and third rate duelist, for the monster she Summons will be removed due to "Future Visions". Carly reminds Sayer that his chance only lasted one turn. The effect of " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " since it was  removed from the field . It destroys all of Sayer's monsters and inflicts 800 damage per monster destroyed.
 Sayer asks where the monster she Summoned is. He hears a noise and turns around to see the massive hummingbird outside. Sayer is astounded that a monster can be so huge. Carly smiles and says "Begone, Sayer, into a world of darkness". The hummingbird, "Aslla piscu", cries out and Sayer's scream is heard below in Akiza and Misty's Duel. Aslla piscu pecks into the building, taking out Sayer's monsters and casting explosions all around the same floor of the building.
 
 Destruction of the building 
       Sayer falling past the balconies.     
 Down below, Akiza spots Sayer falling past the inside balconies, followed by debris from the higher floors. She screams out his name, which echoes through the building. The walls begin to crack and more parts of the building fall apart. Tanner swiftly picks up the twins, as he and Yanagi dash out of the building.
 Misty concludes that her and Akiza's Duel is postponed. Tanner shouts at Akiza to run, but Yanagi says it's too dangerous to stick around and they must run themselves.
 Outside, the two " Earthbound Immortals " pull away from the building and are sucked into the shadowy matter below them.
 Tanner and Yanagi, each carrying a twin, exit the building, just as Jack arrives. Jack asks what happened. Tanner's not fully sure, but tells him that Akiza and a Dark Signer were Dueling. This confirms Jack suspicions of a Dark Signer. He asks where Akiza is now. Tanner informs him that she's still inside. Despite Tanner yelling back after him that it's too dangerous, Jack races into the building.
 Jack speeds up flights of stairs and stops to ask if anyone is there. He looks down and spots Carly's broken glasses. He recognizes them and starts calling her name, but instead hears Akiza grunt. He spots her body, picks her up and continues to call Carly.
 
 Dark Signers' escape 
       Misty comforts Carly.     
 Carly steps onto an outside balcony, not fully aware of what just happened. She remembers attacking Sayer and begins to panic, as she wonders whether she could really have committed such a terrible act. She is confused as she spots the strange Duel Disk and  dark mark  on her arms. Unable to cope with this revelation, Carly falls to her knees and cries for Jack to help her. She lowers to rest of her body to the ground and continues to cry out louder.
 Emerging from a cloud of smoke, Misty enters the balcony. She tells Carly that this is her destiny, and that she was chosen, like the rest of them. They won the favor of the Gods of Death. The moment death came to visit Carly, she had wished with all her might not to die, and those "Immortals" have granted them their wishes. They are no longer residents of this world; their birthmarks bear proof of this. Carly's eyes continue to flood, hearing this. Misty pats her on the shoulder, telling her that it's going to be okay. This information is a lot to take in, but before long, Carly shall realize her destiny. Carly's tears don't stop, as she partly gets up, enough to collapse into a hug, around Misty.
 The helicopter that came to Greiger's rescue arrives and hovers over the two.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Akiza Izinski vs. Misty Tredwell 
 ... continued from last episode 
 Turn 3: Akiza 
Akiza draws. Due to the second effect of " Savage Colosseum ", " Black Rose Dragon " (0/1800) is forced to attack " Reptile Gorgon " (1500/1400). "Reptile Gorgon" destroys "Black Rose Dragon" (Akiza 4000 → 2500). The first effect of "Savage Colosseum" activates (Akiza 2500 → 2800). 
 Akiza activates her face-down " Synchro Spirits " to  remove from play  "Black Rose Dragon" from her  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  " Twilight Rose Knight " (1000/1000) and " Lord Poison " (1500/1000) from her Graveyard in  Attack Position . Akiza then activates her face-down " Dimension Reversion " to return "Black Rose Dragon" from the  Removed from Play Zone  to her  Extra Deck . 
 Akiza then activates her face-down " Urgent Tuning " to  Synchro Summon  one  Synchro Monster  during the  Battle Phase . She tunes "Lord Poison" with "Twilight Rose Knight" in order to Synchro Summon "Black Rose Dragon" (2400/1800) in Attack Position.
 Akiza then activates the first effect of "Black Rose Dragon" to  destroy   all cards  on the field. All cards except "Savage Colosseum" are destroyed (due to " Field Barrier "). Akiza  Sets  a card. " Seed of Deception " is the last card in Akiza's  hand .
 Turn 4: Misty 
Misty draws. She then activates " Reptile Spawn " to remove from play "Reptile Gorgon" from her Graveyard and Special Summon two " Reptile Tokens " (0/0 for both) in Attack Position. She then  Tributes  both  Tokens  in order to  Tribute Summon  " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua " (2800/1800) in Attack Position.
 The Duel is then interrupted and postponed, as the building begins to fall apart.
 
 Sayer vs. Carly Carmine 
 ... continued from last episode 
 Turn 3: Sayer 
Sayer draws " Teleport " and subsequently  activates  it. Now if Carly has  monsters  on her  field , but Sayer has none, he can pay 800 Life Points to Special Summon a Psychic-type monster from his  hand . Sayer activates the effect of "Teleport" (Sayer 1800 → 1000) to Special Summon " Storm Caller " (2300/2000) in Attack Position. He then activates " Premature Burial " to pay 800 Life Points (Sayer 1000 → 200) and Special Summon " Magical Android " (2400/1700) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. 
 "Storm Caller" attacks " Fortune Lady Fire ", but Carly activates her face-down " Slip of Fortune " to remove from play "Fortune Lady Fire" and  negate  the attack. "Magical Android" attacks directly (Carly 4000 → 1600). 
 Sayer  Normal Summons  " Psychic Commander " (1400/800) in Attack Position. The effect of " Future Visions " activates, removing from play "Psychic Commander" until Sayer's next  Standby Phase . On Sayer's  End Phase , the effect of "Magical Android" activates (Sayer 200 → 1400). 
 Sayer intends for "Psychic Commander" to return to his field during his next Standby Phase. Once that is done, Sayer plans to tune "Magical Android" with "Psychic Commander" in order to Synchro Summon " Thought Ruler Archfiend ".
 Turn 4: Carly 
Carly draws "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu". On Carly's Standby Phase, " Fortune Lady Light " returns to her side of the field (? → 200/? → 200) in Attack Position due to the effect of "Future Visions". At the same time, the last effect of "Slip of Fortune" returns "Fortune Lady Fire" (? → 400/? → 400) to the field in Attack Position. 
 Carly  Tributes  her two monsters in order to  Tribute Summon  " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " (2500/2500) in Attack Position. The effect of "Future Visions" activates, removing from play "Aslla piscu". This activates the effect of "Aslla piscu", destroying all of Sayer's monsters and inflicting 1600 damage to Sayer (Sayer's Life Points are not shown hitting 0).
 
 Difference in adaptations 
 In the original,  Akiza  didn't think that her  Mark of the Dragon  was trying to tell her something. 
 In the dub, the conversation between Akiza and  Misty  is based on what Akiza has done throughout the series, not just about  her brother . 
 In the dub,  Yanagi claimed   Bolt had  broken 8 doors before they found  Luna  and  Leo . This aspect wasn't present in the original. 
 In the original, when  Bolt Tanner  woke up  Leo , he didn't ask if it was  Christmas . 
 In the original,  Bolt Tanner  didn't ask how  Leo  did in his Duel against  Sayer . 
 In the original,  Misty's brother  didn't speak to  Akiza  after one of her Duels in the  narrows  of  New Domino City . 
 In the original,  Luna  didn't describe the orb that her  Mark of the Dragon  made as "some sort of energy shield". 
 In the original, when an " Earthbound Immortal " is Summoned, all non- Signers  and non-active Duelists are absorbed. In the dub, Misty explains she is feeding souls of the citizens to it and will save Akiza for last. This was likely just to intimidate Akiza. 
 In the dub, when Misty Summoned " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ", a music piece from  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light  can be heard. The original only used the  "Earthbound Immortal" theme . 
 In the dub, screams which are apparently coming from  Sayer  are added. 
 In the original,  Sayer  wasn't thinking of what he can do with  Carly  after he defeats her. 
 In the dub, the flames produced when " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu " attacks are recolored pink. 
 In the dub, when Sayer falls down the  Arcadia Movement  building, he falls into the same "purple mist" that Carly fell into, instead of just falling to his death. 
 In the original, Akiza  Sets  a card. This wasn't mentioned in the dub. 
 In the dub, Jack finds Akiza after she calls out to him; in the original, she is unconscious. 
 There are more flashbacks when  Jack  picks up Carly's glasses in the original than in the dub. 
 In the original, Carly cries out about not wanting to be a Dark Signer and calls out to Jack. In the dub, she's simply confused about what she's done. 
 Carly's flashback about her rematch against Sayer where he falls to his death is removed in the dub. 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, Misty says that " Savage Colosseum " is a  Trap Card . 
 In the dub, when Sayer activates " Premature Burial ", his Life Point meter is full but his Life Points are only 200.          The broken  Life Point  meter.     
 After Misty summons her " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua " she tells Akiza to turn around. Akiza gasps and puts her hand over her mouth as she sees Ccaryhua's eye open, in which her fingerless glove is missing at that moment. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Carly Carmine Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Fortune Lady Light Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Future Visions 
 Traps 
 Slip of Fortune 
 
 Sayer Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Storm Caller 
 Tuner monsters 
 Psychic Commander Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Magical Android Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Premature Burial 
 Teleport 
 
 Akiza Izinski Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord Poison 
 Tuner monsters 
 Twilight Rose Knight Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Seed of Deception 
 Traps 
 Dimension Reversion 
 Synchro Spirits 
 Urgent Tuning 
 
 Misty Tredwell Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Reptile Gorgon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attack Pheromones 
 Field Barrier 
 Molting Escape 
 Reptile Spawn 
 Savage Colosseum 
 
 Devack Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend 
 
 Sayer's thoughts Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Psychic Commander Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Magical Android 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend 
 
 Carly's thoughts Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/YGO5Ds039.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304204211', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/5Dx039_Birthmark_bubble.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090108224222', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/5Dx039_Divine_falls.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090108224225', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/5Dx039_Misty_comforts_Carly.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090108224220', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/5Dx039_Dub_error_LP_meter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120606192050']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes