Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Bakura_fsa.png

For other version of this character, see  Bakura Ryou (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Bakura Ryou 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Ryo Bakura 
 
 
 Japanese   
 獏 良   了 獏良 了 ばくら りょう Rōmaji: ( Bakura Ryō ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 바크라 KRR: Bakeura 
 
 
 Arabic   
 ريو باكورا 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 September 2 
 
 
 Age 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (anime)  16 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  18 
 
 
 Height 
 176 cm (5'9 ) 
 
 
 Weight 
 52 kg (115 lbs) 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 AB 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Profiterole 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Raw oyster 
 
 
 
 Allegiance 
 
 Millennium Item 
 Millennium Ring 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Duelist 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Top 8     
 
 
 Deck 
 Occult 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 1: " The Heart of the Cards " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 
 GameCube  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Ted Lewis  (America) Chuck Powers (Singapore) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yo Inoue  ( Duelist Kingdom ) Rica Matsumoto  ( Battle City  onward) 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Hasan Hamdan Fouad Shamas 
 
 
 German  
 Constantin von Jascheroff 
 
 
 Italian  
 Felice Invernici 
 
 
 Korean  
 Jeong Jaeheon [1] 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Alex Wendel (Brazil) Fabio Lucindo (Yu-Gi-Oh!, 2nd Voice) (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Yamil Atala (American Spanish dub; 1st voice) José Gilberto Vilchis (American Spanish dub; 2nd voice) Javier Balas (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Bernie Malejana Allan Ortega (GMA dub) 
 
 
 
 Bakura Ryou , known as  Ryou Bakura  ( 獏 良 了   Bakura Ryō ) in the Japanese version, is a recurring character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . He is a classmate and friend of  Yugi Muto . 
 He is the modern-day counterpart to  Bandit King Bakura . 
 Yami Bakura  is his other self, released from the power of the  Millennium Ring . The two rarely directly converse. Unlike the close, cooperative relationship between  Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi , Yami Bakura is a malignant entity that completely suppresses Bakura's spirit when he takes him over.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice and mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Obtaining the Millennium Ring 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Battle City 
 2.4   Virtual Realm 
 2.5   Battle City Finals 
 2.6   Waking the Dragons 
 2.7   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Video games 
 4.2   Duel Monsters 
 
 4.2.1   World Championship 2004 
 4.2.2   The Dawn of Destiny 
 4.2.3   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Bakura's expression sheet     
 Bakura's character design was overseen by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 In the  Duelist Kingdom  arc, he wears a white wool sweater and green undershirt. His usual outfit in following seasons consists of a blue opened shirt over a light blue and white horizontally striped t-shirt. Bakura has brown eyes and white hair. His hair is pointed downwards in various directions and trails half way down his back. He wears the  Millennium Ring  on a lace around his neck. In the manga, during the Ceremonial Battle, he wore a different white t-shirt. Bakura is fair-skinned.
 
 
 Personality 
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the original version, Bakura has a polite speaking matter, using many honorifics for others.
 In the English dub, Bakura has a British-English accent. In the Singaporean dub, Bakura speaks with a Southern-American accent.
 
 Etymology 
 "Ryou" can mean "cool, refreshing," "distant," or "reality." It is a variant of "Ryo."
 
 Biography 
 Obtaining the Millennium Ring 
 When Bakura was a child,  his father  had bought the  Millennium Ring , and gave it to him. Unbeknownst to them, the Ring contained  Yami Bakura , an ancient and malignant spirit.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
         Bakura in Duelist Kingdom.     
 Bakura is briefly seen in the first episode, watching  Yugi Muto  duel  Joey Wheeler , and then again when Joey is Dueling  Téa Gardner , although his face is not seen. 
 Bakura somehow bypasses security and boards the ship to  Duelist Kingdom  despite not being selected by  Maximillion Pegasus  to be an official duelist in the tournament. He is spotted by Téa on the ship and on the  Duelist Kingdom island .
 After Yugi and Joey have won a number of duels in the tournament, Bakura approaches the group (which also includes Téa and  Tristan Taylor ). He spends some time with them and they all discuss what their favorite  Duel Monsters  cards are. Bakura reveals his favorite card to be " Change of Heart ".
 Yugi and Bakura agree to a Duel with Yugi's Deck including his friends' favorite cards. As the Duel starts, Bakura turns into  Yami Bakura  with his  Millennium Ring . Yami Bakura traps Yugi, his friends and the normal Bakura into their favorite Duel Monster cards, leaving  Yami Yugi  to save his friends lives.
 When Yami Bakura plays "Change of Heart", Bakura appears as the card. Bakura asks Yugi to kill him, as he cannot bear to be controlled by the evil spirit inside his ring. Instead, Yami Yugi switches the souls of Bakura and Yami Bakura, then Yugi sends Yami Bakura to the  Graveyard . 
 
         Bakura as " Change of Heart ".     
 After the incident, Bakura accompanies the group as Yugi and Joey continue to battle through the tournament. Bakura's Ring helps them escape from a cave.
 During the night before the tournament finals, Bakura, Téa and Tristan decide to explore Pegasus' castle for clues on how he is able to beat his opponents so easily. Pegasus finds them and traps them in a vision of Ancient Egypt, but Yami Bakura helps them escape. They return to their beds thinking it was a dream.
 During the final duel between Yami Yugi and Pegasus, Tristan sneaks off, and Yami Bakura follows him. After a confrontation between the two, Tristan figures out that Bakura is being controlled by an evil spirit in his Millennium Ring, so Tristan throws it out of a window.
 When Yami Yugi defeats Pegasus, Yami Bakura again takes control of Bakura, and the Ring reappears. Yami Bakura challenges Pegasus to a  Shadow Game  (between their  Millennium Items  instead of in  Duel Monsters ), and defeats him, taking his  Millennium Eye .
 After the tournament finishes, Bakura regains consciousness. He, along with the rest of the group, returns to school.
 
 Battle City 
 After Yugi's Millennium Puzzle is stolen, Téa informs Bakura. Yami Bakura takes over and uses his Ring to track down the Puzzle. When he is taken to an old warehouse, he sees that Yugi is dueling with  Bandit Keith , possessed by Marik Ishtar. Yami Bakura tries to break Marik's control over Keith, sending Keith on a rampage where he breaks the Millennium Puzzle. The normal Bakura takes over and knocks Keith back to rescue Yugi. He helps to get back the pieces of the Millenium Puzzle, and Yami Bakura with his ring, possesses one piece of it. Bakura then returns to school.
 When the  Battle City  tournament is taking place, Bakura is stabbed in the arm by Yami Bakura as part of Yami Bakura and  Marik Ishtar 's plan to get the trust of Yugi. Bakura explains that he doesn't know how he got the injury, but Marik helps him out, winning the trust of Yugi's friends.
 
         Bakura shortly after he is stabbed.     
 Bakura is taken to hospital by  Solomon Muto . While Bakura recovers in the hospital, Yami Bakura takes over and escapes by overpowering Solomon. He acquires a  Duel Disk  and the required number of Locator Cards to enter the finals.
 Bakura arrives at the quarterfinals, seemingly unaware of his injury. He ignores everyone's protests that he isn't well enough to duel and boards  Kaiba Craft 3  where the duels are taking place. When asked how he made it to the finals, he tells his friends that he acquired the Locator Cards himself, but doesn't go into details on how he got them.
 Bakura is paired up against Yugi. When the Duel starts, Bakura turns into Yami Bakura. When Yami Bakura is about to win, Yugi plays " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", guaranteeing Yami Yugi's victory. To avoid defeat, Marik orders Yami Bakura to let Bakura take control. When this happens, Bakura emerges in the duel, still injured from the stab, and an attack from "Slifer the Sky Dragon" would risk his life. Yami Bakura refuses to take the risk, as he needs Bakura to survive. He retakes control and lets Yami Yugi defeat him. Bakura is left in a coma, and the Ring is lost in the duel, but is returned by Téa being controlled by Marik.
 
 Virtual Realm 
 A flashback of Yami Yugi asking Yami Marik what happened to Bakura appears in Yugi's mind. He resolved to free Bakura from the Shadow Realm.
 
 Battle City Finals 
 After Yami Yugi defeats Yami Marik, Marik relinquishes the Ring to Yugi for Bakura's own safety. Bakura wakes from his coma after Yami Yugi defeats Yami Marik and returns home.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Bakura doesn't show up in this arc, but Yami Bakura shows up in a vision involving the Millennium Puzzle. Surprisingly, Bakura was mentioned by Joey on one occasion.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 At the beginning of the  Pharaoh's Memories  arc, Bakura runs away from  a voice , and attempts to hide in a church. That voice tells him that he still needs to acquire the other  Millennium Items . That voice - Yami Bakura - then possesses him. Later on, Yami Bakura takes the  Millennium Ring  back from  Rex Raptor  and  Weevil Underwood , who mistakenly took Yugi's  Millennium Items  while trying to steal his Egyptian God Cards.
 Soon after Yami Bakura engages in a  Dark RPG  which recreated the events of Yami Yugi's own life. After Yami Bakura ventures to the Memory World through the Dark RPG, Bakura is finally free from his control following the destruction of  Zorc  and the subsequent destruction of Yami Bakura. After the game, Bakura was seen collapsed on the stairs leading to the  Tablet of Lost Memories , and Joey thought it was a good idea to give Bakura's Ring back to Yugi.
 Bakura travels with Yugi and his friends to Egypt to witness  Atem 's departure and the  Ceremonial Battle . The building where Bakura witnesses the Duel begins to collapse, but he escapes.
 
 Other appearances 
 Ryo Bakura (manga) Ryo Bakura (Toei) Ryou Bakura ( Duel Monsters  and  World Championship ) Bakura ( Dungeon Dice Monsters ) Bakura Ryou ( Nightmare Troubadour ) 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Yami Bakura's Decks 
 While Bakura himself hasn't ever been shown using the deck in either the manga or anime, it's implied that the first two decks that  Yami Bakura  used were actually built by Bakura. [2] 
 During Duelist Kingdom, Bakura's deck is an  Anti-Meta  deck, based on disrupting, or breaking his opponent's strategies through various cards including " White Magical Hat ", " Morphing Jar " and Bakura's favorite card " Change of Heart ". His Yami uses this deck for his extempore Tarot-Session with Pegasus, and it is implied, that the entire deck was created under this point of view, since the Japanese name of Bakura's " Lady of Faith " is "Highpriestess", one of the traditional cards in a Tarot-Deck (usually associated with wisdom and love). This also implies that the cards played during his tarot session with Pegasus (" Happy Lover ", " Mask of Darkness ", and " Doma The Angel of Silence ") actually belonged to him. 
 Bakura used a  Fiend / Spirit Message  Deck  during Battle City, with a few  Zombie  cards, focusing on the darker side of the occult by making extensive use of his grotesque  Fiend  monsters. The signature card of this deck is " Dark Necrofear ". Using "Dark Necrofear" with " Dark Sanctuary ", " The Dark Door " and " Dark Spirit of the Silent " he had total control over opposing monsters while " Destiny Board " gathered "Spirit Messages" to declare an automatic win. Although only Yami Bakura was shown using the Occult Deck, Ryo claimed to be fond of grotesque cards and that he had a pretty good Occult Deck.
 During Millennium World, Bakura further adds to his Occult Deck, and it now incorporates monsters that reflect on his ancient self  Thief King Bakura , such as the " Diabound Kernel ", which refers to Thief King Bakura's Ka " Diabound ", as well as using " Spirit Shield ", which Thief King also used to protect his Ka and the tablet cards.
 His monsters have a Role-playing games theme (such as "Morphing Jar" being a mimic and Zorc's effect requiring to throw a dice like in RP), which makes certain sense as in the first series, Bakura was into RPGs.
 
 Video games 
 Duel Monsters 
 Bakura uses assorted low-Level monsters as a first-tier opponent in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters . He appears in the common area of the ship headed to Duelist Kingdom. He uses mostly  DARK   Fiend  Monsters.
 
 
 Cards Used By Bakura Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Jar 
 Curtain of the Dark Ones 
 Dark Plant 
 Kuriboh 
 Masked Clown 
 Mech Mole Zombie 
 Mystery Hand 
 Skull Servant 
 World Championship 2004 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bolt Escargot 
 Candle of Fate 
 Curtain of the Dark Ones 
 Droll Bird 
 Earthbound Spirit 
 Eyearmor 
 Fiend's Hand 
 Ganigumo 
 Hinotama Soul 
 Hitodenchak 
 Hyozanryu 
 LaLa Li-Oon 
 Lucky Trinket 
 Madjinn Gunn 
 Mikazukinoyaiba 
 Misairuzame 
 Petit Dragon 
 Phantom Ghost 
 Prevent Rat 
 Steel Ogre Grotto #1 
 Winged Egg of New Life 
 Zarigun 
 Effect Monsters 
 Maha Vailo  x3 
 Slate Warrior Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair  x3 
 Black Pendant  x3 
 Horn of the Unicorn  x3 
 Mage Power 
 Sword of Deep-Seated  x3 
 United We Stand 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Brain 
 Baron of the Fiend Sword 
 Bio Plant  x2 
 Claw Reacher 
 Dark King of the Abyss 
 Dark Prisoner 
 Dark Titan of Terror  x3 
 Embryonic Beast 
 Fungi of the Musk 
 Gorgon Egg 
 The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams 
 Happy Lover 
 Headless Knight 
 Invader from Another Dimension 
 Job-Change Mirror 
 Lord of the Lamp 
 Madjinn Gunn 
 Man-Eating Treasure Chest 
 Midnight Fiend 
 Mystic Clown 
 Mystical Capture Chain 
 The Portrait's Secret 
 Terra the Terrible 
 That Which Feeds on Life 
 Trial of Nightmare  x2 
 Whiptail Crow  x2 
 Wicked Mirror 
 Wretched Ghost of the Attic 
 Effect Monsters 
 Maha Vailo  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair  x3 
 Black Pendant  x3 
 Gravekeeper's Servant  x2 
 Horn of the Unicorn  x3 
 Mage Power 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Premature Burial 
 Raigeki 
 Sword of Deep-Seated  x3 
 Tribute to the Doomed  x2 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Bakura uses a  Zombie  Deck.
 
 
 Occult Deck (version 1) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Zombie  x3 
 Clown Zombie  x3 
 Dragon Zombie  x3 
 Headless Knight  x3 
 Skull Servant  x2 
 The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams  x2 
 The Portrait's Secret 
 Effect Monsters 
 Patrician of Darkness  x2 
 Pyramid Turtle  x2 
 Sangan Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Life 
 Call of the Mummy 
 Ectoplasmer  x2 
 Enchanting Fitting Room  x2 
 Heart of the Underdog 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Red Medicine 
 Violet Crystal  x3 
 Traps 
 Altar for Tribute 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Curse of Darkness 
 Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell 
 Tragedy 
 
 Occult Deck (version 2) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Zombie  x3 
 Clown Zombie  x2 
 Dragon Zombie  x3 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Headless Knight 
 Skull Servant  x2 
 The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams 
 The Portrait's Secret 
 Effect Monsters 
 Despair from the Dark 
 Patrician of Darkness 
 Pyramid Turtle  x3 
 Sangan 
 Vampire Lord  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Life  x2 
 Call of the Mummy 
 Enchanting Fitting Room  x2 
 Graceful Charity 
 Heart of the Underdog 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Overpowering Eye 
 Pot of Greed 
 Violet Crystal  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell 
 Destruction Ring  x2 
 Magic Drain 
 Tragedy 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://movie.naver.com/movie/bi/mi/detail.nhn?code=150117 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist - Duel 119 
 
 
 v e 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura)  pages 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Tag Force 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  characters Ancient Egypt 
 Playable 
 Prince 
 Opponents 
 Simon Muran 
 Teana 
 Jono 
 Villager 1 
 Villager 2 
 Villager 3 
 Seto 
 Heishin 
 Mage Soldier 
 Ocean Mage 
 High Mage Secmeton 
 Forest Mage 
 High Mage Anubisius 
 Mountain Mage 
 High Mage Atenza 
 Desert Mage 
 High Mage Martis 
 Meadow Mage 
 High Mage Kepura 
 Labyrinth Mage 
 Sebek 
 Neku 
 Nitemare 
 Other 
 Card shop owner 
 Fizdis 
 Sadin 
 
 Modern World 
 Playable 
 Yugi 
 Opponents 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Shadi 
 Yami Bakura 
 Pegasus 
 Isis 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Other 
 Kemo 
 Joey 
 Téa 
 Bakura 
 
 Other 
 Duel Master K 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/Ryo2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150425031740', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Ryou_design.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140503223509', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/Bakura_Duelist_Kingdom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151222143531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/RyuBakura-ChangeofHeart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140501232857', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Bakura_Injury.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151222143600', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Bakura_manga_portal.png/revision/latest?cb=20091101034048', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Bakura_fsa.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140502004140', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Ryou_Bakura-WC4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140731195520', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Bakura-DDM.png/revision/latest?cb=20140615231008', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Bakura_Ryou-NTR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140719230508', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bakura Ryou pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters