Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Quattro_(Duel_Links)


 
 Quattro 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 フォー 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Mike Smith Rivera [1] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 
 
 Quattro  is an  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Quattro , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on April 20, 2021. Quattro appeared as a playable character on July 1st in the event; Raid Duel - Giant Grinder: The Meet-and-Greet of Nightmares!
 Yellow Gate Keys are required to duel Quattro at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 3.7   Special Event 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Reginald Kastle 
 7.1.2   Trey 
 7.1.3   Rio Kastle 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 The Arclight family's middle child. Beloved by his fans for his kindness and generosity, Quattro won trophy after trophy on the Duel Circuit. However, he secretly harbored a dark side - especially against Shark. He used the power of his crest to wield powerful Numbers, such as "Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Quattro Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Cyber Soldier of Darkworld  x2 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Spikebot 
 Tri-Horned Dragon  x2 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 D.D. Scout Plane  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Remove Trap  x2 
 Traps 
 Chain Destruction 
 Double Payback 
 Level 10 
 
 Meet-and-Greet Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mechanical Snail  x3 
 Sword Slasher 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll 
 Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll  x3 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Traps 
 Trojan Blast  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 One-on-One Time Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms  x3 
 Humpty Grumpty Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Germ Infection 
 Junk Puppet 
 Puppet Ritual 
 Traps 
 Trojan Blast 
 Level 30 
 
 Puppet - Strings of Fate Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll  x2 
 ^  Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll 
 
 Gimmick Puppet Egg Head  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Foolish Burial 
 Junk Puppet 
 Perform Puppet 
 Puppet Ritual 
 Trade-In  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Divine - Strings of Fate Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Des Troy 
 Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Egg Head 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Junk Puppet  x2 
 Perform Puppet 
 Trade-In  x3 
 Traps 
 Xyz Effect 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Arclight Tag Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll 
 Gimmick Puppet Des Troy 
 Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Egg Head  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll 
 Gimmick Puppet Nightmare 
 Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms 
 Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby 
 Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings 
 Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Gravity Blaster 
 Junk Puppet 
 Puppet Ritual 
 Trade-In  x2 
 Special Event 
 
 Double Meet-and-Greet Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Egg Head 
 Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll  x3 
 Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll  x2 
 Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll 
 Gimmick Puppet Des Troy 
 Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings 
 Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Trade-In  x3 
 Junk Puppet  x2 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Duel rewards 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Quattro reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Xyz Reflect "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Quattro)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Quattro)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Perform Puppet "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of  Xyz Effect 
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Numbers' Rule ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Perform Puppet "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Relinquished Puppet ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Xyz Effect "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Perform Puppet "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Quattro)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Puppet - Strings of Fate
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, 1 "Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" is added to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effect can be used the turn you have activated the effect of a monster whose original name is "Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder". Remove 1 Xyz Material from your field and play 1 Xyz Monster in your opponent's Graveyard to your opponent's field in Defense Position.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Numbers' Rule
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 "Number" monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle except by another "Number" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Relinquished Puppet
 
 Send 1 Level 8 "Gimmick Puppet" monster in your hand or Deck to your Graveyard. Then, play 1 "Gimmick Puppet Des Troy" from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Gimmick Puppet" monsters and DARK "Number" monsters. This Skill can be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Gimmick Puppet - Gear Changer
 
 Reveal 1 "Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer" in your hand and change the Level of a "Gimmick Puppet" monster on your field to either 4 or 8. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gimmick Puppet - Replacement
 
 Send up to 3 monsters whose total Levels equal 8 from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 Level 8 "Gimmick Puppet" monster to your hand from your Deck. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains no monsters other than DARK Machine-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gimmick Puppet - Returning
 
 Return all banished "Gimmick Puppet" monsters to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gimmick Puppet - 4 or 8
 
 Choose 1 of the following effects: This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 Change the Level of all Level 8 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters in your hand to 4 until the end of the turn. 
 Change the Level of all "Gimmick Puppet" monsters on your hand to 8 until the end of the turn. 
 
 Event
 
 
 Overlay Regeneration
 
 Place 1 Spell Card in your hand underneath 1 Xyz Monster you control to make it an Xyz Material. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 5 or higher monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Removal
 
 Send all Xyz Materials for 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Reginald Kastle 
 When starting a Duel with  Reginald Kastle , Quattro sometimes announces "What's wrong, Shark? Forget the face of your #1 fan?"
 When he loses the Duel, Quattro says "Shark... I'm sorry for what I did to you..." or "Instead of being mad at the world, just be mad at me." 
 Trey 
 When Tag Partnered with  Trey , he says "I'm the one who'll defeat them, not you! Got it, Trey?"
 When passing the turn to Trey while on low LP in a Tag Duel, he says "Do your job, Trey!" 
 Rio Kastle 
 When Quattro wins a Duel against  Rio Kastle , he says "Believe me when I say that this isn't what I wanted". 
 When Quattro loses a duel against Rio, he says "If today isn't the day, I hope you'll forgive me someday." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Quattro Summons " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ", he chants " Appear, Number 15!" "The puppet that controls the strings of fate!"  or " Appear, Number 15!" "Raise the curtain of darkness!"   Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Quattro briefly appears, and he announces "Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder!"  If that player hasn't already Summoned "Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Giant Grinder! Attack!" followed by "Final Dance!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Giant Grinder uses 1 Overlay Unit to destroy your monster! Aren't you glad to be my fan?" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Giant Grinder's effect!" followed by "Destruction Cannon!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings ", a cut-in frame of Quattro briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet of Strings, cut 'em down to size!" followed by "Celestial Slash!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet of Strings's effect activates! It puts a String Counter on all other monsters!" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet of Strings's effect activates!" followed by "Melody of Mayhem!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo ", he announces "This is the true ace in my deck! Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Leo, slice anyone who stands in your way!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate my Leo's effect! When it has 3 Destiny Counters, I win the duel!" 
 When Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo's victory condition is fulfilled, Quattro announces "As of this moment, I win! My number is unstoppable!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll ", a cut-in frame of Quattro's face briefly appears, and he announces "Join me! Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Gimmick Puppet Bisque Doll!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Bisque Doll's effect activates from my Graveyard! Your effects can't target my Gimmick Puppets this turn!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll ", a cut-in frame of Quattro's face briefly appears, and he announces "Go! Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll!
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dreary Doll's effect activates from my Graveyard! I revive it by banishing a Gimmick Puppet from my Graveyard! 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll ", a cut-in frame of Quattro's face briefly appears, and he announces "Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll, attack!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I use 2 Overlay Units to activate Gigantes Doll's effect! I take control of up to two of your monsters this turn! 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Gigantes Doll's effect! I tribute this card to change all my monsters to Level 8!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll ", a cut-in frame of Quattro's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll, attack!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker ", a cut-in frame of Quattro's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker, go get 'em!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Twilight Joker's effect from my hand! I banish my destroyed Gimmick Puppet to Special Summon it!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Des Troy ", he announces "Gimmick Puppet Des Troy!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Des Troy attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Des Troy's effect activates! It destroys one Gimmick Puppet on the field!" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Des Troy is a goner, I can Summon two Gimmick Puppets! 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Egg Head ", he announces "Gimmick Puppet Egg Head!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Egg Head, clobber 'em!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Egg Head's effect! I discard a Gimmick Puppet to deal you damage! Take this!" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Egg Head's effect! I discard a Gimmick Puppet to change this card to Level 8!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer " he announces "Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Gear Changer attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gear Changer's effect activates! Gear up Gear Changer!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty ", he announces "Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty's effect activates! When it's Summoned, it brings another Gimmick Puppet along!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare ", he announces "Rise up! Gimmick Puppet Nightmare!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gimmick Puppet Nightmare!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When my Nightmare is Special Summoned, its effect activates! I Special Summon another copy from my hand or Graveyard! 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms ", he announces "Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gimmick Puppet Scissor Arms!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Scissor Arms sends a Gimmick Puppet in by deck to the Grave!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby ", he announces "Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When I Summon Terror Baby, I can resurrect a Gimmick Puppet!" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Terror Baby from my Graveyard to use its effect! You can't play effects against my Gimmick Puppets effects! 
 When Quattro Summons " Gravekeeper's Descendant ", he announces "I'll play this card! Gravekeeper's Descendant!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster he announces "Gravekeeper's Descendant attacks!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Gravekeeper's Descendant's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Quattro activates " Condolence Puppet ", he announces "I activate the spell card, Condolence Puppet!
 When activating the effect of that card, Quattro announces "Condolence Puppet's effect activates from my Graveyard! The monster I choose can't be destroyed by your effects!" 
 When Quattro activates " Junk Puppet ", he announces "I activate the spell card, Junk Puppet! It Special Summons a Gimmick Puppet from my Graveyard! Rise!" 
 When Quattro activates " Mirror Force ", he announces "Here's a little taste of what's to come. I activate my trap, Mirror Force!" 
 When Quattro activates " Necrovalley ", he announces "Do you remember this card? I activate the field spell, Necrovalley!" 
 When Quattro activates " Perform Puppet ", he announces "I activate the continuous spell, Perform Puppet!
 When activating the first effect of that card, Quattro announces "I banish a Gimmick Puppet to activate Perform Puppet! My monsters now have the same level as the banished monster!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Quattro announces "When Gimmick Puppet is destroyed, Perform Puppet activates! It Special Summons a banished Gimmick Puppet!" 
 When Quattro activates " Puppet Ritual ", he announces "I activate the spell card, Puppet Ritual! It revives two Level 8 Gimmick Puppets from my Graveyard!" 
 When Quattro activates " Xyz Effect ", he announces "I activate my trap card, Xyz Effect! It destroys one card on the field!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Quattro Summons " Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler ", he announces "Come on out, Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler, attack!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I take direct damage, Shadow Feeler's effect activates! I Special Summon it from my Graveyard, but I take damage!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Number C15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter ", he chants " Chaos Xyz Evolution!" "Argh!"  followed by  "Let's go! Number C15!" "Rip up the strings of destiny!" . Afterwards, he announces "Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Seek and destroy! Giant Hunter, show some love to our biggest fan!" followed by "Battle Burst!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate my Giant Hunter's effect! It destroys a card, and if it's a monster, you take damage!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Number C40: Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings ", he chants " Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  followed by  "Here comes Number C40!" "The wisdom of the world brings you to this realm!"  Afterwards, he announces "Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down, Dark Strings!" 
 When Quattro activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Strings destroys all monsters with String Counters!" followed by "Symphony of Destruction!" 
 When Quattro activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Strings uses 1 Overlay Unit to activate its effect! All your face up monsters gain a String Counter!" 
 When Quattro Summons " Number C88: Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo ", he chants " Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  followed by  "Say hello to Number C88!" "Let your roar bring destruction upon the world!"  Afterwards, he announces "Number C88! Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo!"
 Most of the time when Quattro declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Annihilate 'em Disaster Leo!" 
 When Quattro activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Disaster Leo uses an Overlay Unit to deal you damage!" followed by "Ferocious Firestorm!" 
 When Number C88: Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo's victory condition is fulfilled, Quattro announces "My victory is at hand! Because Disaster Leo has Gimmick Puppet of Leo's powers!" followed by "Final Crackdown!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Quattro activates " Marshalling Field ", he announces "I activate my continuous trap, Marshalling Field!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Quattro announces "Marshalling Field's effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Quattro announces "Marshalling Field activates when it's sent to the Graveyard! I add Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force to my hand!" 
 When Quattro activates " Puppet Parade ", he announces "I activate my trap, Puppet Parade!" 
 When Quattro activates " Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force ", he announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force! It ranks up my Xyz monster to a Chaos Xyz!
 When activating the effect of that card, Quattro announces "I activate Argent Chaos Force's effect from my Graveyard! I return this card to my hand!" 
 When Quattro activates " Skill Drain ", he announces "You fell into my trap! I activate the continuous trap, Skill Drain!" 
 Trivia 
 v e 
Quattro (IV) pages 
 Anime 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 ↑   http://website.everythinggeekpodcast.com/egp/?p=16533/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Quattro-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/315?cb=20210619223824', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Profile-DULI-Quattro.png/revision/latest?cb=20210420105232', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Icon-DULI-Quattro.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514214051', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/Icon-DULI-Quattro2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514214103', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/CutIn-DULI-Quattro.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210420110431', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Summoning-DULI-Quattro.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210419224300', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Defeat-DULI-Quattro.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210420111400', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Quattro pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters