Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/North_Academy

      North Academy     
 North Academy , known as the  Arctic Academy  (アークティック校  Ākutikku-kō ) in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3  is one of the  Duelist  schools in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX .  It is located somewhere in the arctic.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Uniform 
 2   Admission 
 3   Ranking 
 4   History 
 5   Known students and staff 
 6   Plot hole 
 7   References 
 
 
 Uniform 
       Various North Academy students cheering on  Chazz .     
 The uniforms for North Academy students is fairly different from the ones seen at  Duel Academy . Unlike Duel Academy, which has different uniforms for the each dorm, North Academy students wear varying shades of brown and gray. On the chest of the uniforms is the North Academy symbol. Some students, such as  Czar , have specially-tailored outfits. [1] 
 As female North Academy students are not seen, it is unknown what their outfit looks like, or if there are any female students.
 
 
 Admission 
 North Academy is truly a difficult school to get into. Before one can even enter, they must possess a Deck of at least 40 cards. If the Duelist in question does not have the necessary number, then they must scour the icy landscape that surrounds the school for scattered cards in order to meet this requirement. [1] 
 
 Ranking 
 When a new student arrives at North Academy, they must go through a 'Duel Gauntlet', a ranking system where they face off against all of the students in the school, starting off against the lowest-ranking and ending with the top student. Whichever Duelist you eventually lose against determines your rank, unless you defeat the top Duelist, which makes you the new top Duelist. [1] 
 Students do not appear to be separated by dorms in North Academy, and as a result only follow the ranking system at the school.
 
 History 
 North Academy has a known rivalry with Duel Academy, and the two schools even hold an annual competition. [1]  The students use a  submarine  owned by the academy to travel. [2]  One North Academy student,  Lucien Grimley , would journey to Duel Academy to take part in the  Genex Tournament . [3]  Later,  Jesse Anderson , North Academy's top student at the time, would be sent to Duel Academy to represent them as one of the  Overseas Champions . [4] 
 
 Known students and staff 
 Chancellor Foster 
 Chazz Princeton  (formerly) 
 Czar 
 Lucien Grimley 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Plot hole 
 Jesse Anderson is said to have earned his  Crystal Beast Deck  prior to entering the North Academy and Jaden entering his senior year at the Duel Academy. However, he is absent from  Episode 24  (among the Duelists defeated by Chazz) and the Genex Tournament (as one of the Duelists representing his Academy).
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 24: " The New Chazz " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 25: " The School Duel, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 91: " Don't Fear the Reaper " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 106: " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  locations Duel Academy 
 Dormitories 
 Abandoned 
 Obelisk Blue 
 Ra Yellow 
 Slifer Red 
 School locations 
 Baseball court 
 Chancellor's office 
 Conference room 
 Duel Arena 
 Entrance 
 Gym 
 Infirmary 
 Inquiry board 
 Library 
 Lobby 
 Shop 
 Tennis courts 
 Video room 
 Island  locations 
 Camula's castle 
 Beach 
 Chicken farm 
 Cliff 
 Forest 
 Gravekeeper's ruins 
 Harbor 
 Hot spring 
 Lake 
 Lighthouse 
 Medical facility 
 Power plant 
 Reject Well 
 SAL lab 
 Spirit Gates 
 Tania's coliseum 
 Volcano 
 Warehouse 
 Waterfall 
 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Brron's fortress 
 Burgundy's village 
 Coliseum of Death 
 Exodia's cave 
 Gravekeeper's settlement 
 Kyle's village 
 Maiden of the Aqua's village 
 Neo Space 
 Sacred Beasts' cave 
 Sir Freed's sanctuary 
 The Supreme King's castle 
 The Supreme King's detention camp 
 Yubel's castle 
 Zane and Aster's mansion 
 Zure's detention camp 
 Domino City 
 Harbor 
 Kaiba Dome 
 Kaiba Land 
 KaibaCorp headquarters 
 Kame Game 
 Plaza 
 Tsutomu's house 
 Virtual World Facility 
 Other 
 Abidos' tomb 
 Adrian's desert hideout 
 Alexis and Atticus' favorite childhood place 
 American Duel College 
 Brodies' family house 
 Camula's resting cave 
 Chazz and Reginald's high school 
 Cyber Art Dojo 
 Deserted island 
 East Academy 
 Gecko Family mansion 
 Industrial Illusions headquarters 
 Jaden's place 
 Misgarth 
 North Academy 
 Pierce's birth town 
 Jinzo Art Dojo 
 Rainbow Dragon's coliseum 
 Sarina's sanctuary 
 Sartorius' fortune-telling place 
 Sartorius' recovery center 
 Senrigan Group headquarters 
 Shadow Realm (World of Darkness) 
 South Academy 
 Syrus' elementary school 
 Tom's town 
 Viper's house 
 West Academy 
 World of Darkness 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/North_Academy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20110708063551', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/NorthAcademyStudents.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101219010401']
Categories: Duel schools