Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Stairway_to_the_Dragon_Star


 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Sky Temple
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 The  Stairway to the Dragon Star , or  Stairway of the Crimson Dragon , known as the  Sky Temple  in the Japanese version, was a Pre-Inca civilization, located in the  Andes  and is where  Iliaster  originated. It was created 5,000 years before the present day events in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . Iliaster was formed here 3,000 years ago (this is an alteration, as Iliasters  leader  and men are from the original future and were changing events in the past).
 The Stairway to the Dragon Star was ruled by the  Star Dragon King , who prayed to their God,  Dragon Star , for salvation from the  wicked disturbances  that had been terrorizing the people. The Dragon Star responded by appearing in the form of a  crimson dragon  and created  its servants  who were to aid in sealing the evil disturbances within the Earth in the  Nazca Lines . [1] 
 When the  Crimson Dragon  appeared during the  Fortune Cup  finale, while the five  Marks of the Dragon  were present,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Luna , and  Akiza Izinski  were shown a vision of the past and a vision of the future. In the past, the four of them witnessed the five original  Signers  standing on the Stairway to the Dragon Star with the People of the Stars bowing before them. In the future, they saw a giant geoglyph made of flames, assuming the shape of a spider destroying Satellite. [2] 
 It is also known, that the chamber that is located at the top of the Stairway, is where  Roman 's severed arm containing the Head birthmark currently resides. [3] 
 After the  King of the Netherworld  revives, it heads to where New Domino City is, as Goodwin's Condor geoglyph has appeared above the Stairway to the Dragon Star. As half of the Stairway itself has emerge from above the ground thus destroying the mansion. The Crimson Dragon appears and transports the Signers and their companions to the Stairway so they may duel Goodwin. Goodwin is able to raise the rest of the Stairway with him at the top using his power as both a Signer and Dark Signer. The final duel is conducted on the Condor geoglyph, while Rex uses the altar atop the Stairway. [4] 
 Shortly after Goodwin's defeat and the destruction of the King, the Stairway disappears along with the Condor geoglyph. [5] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 7: " The Facility, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 26: " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 57: " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 62: " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 64: " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Sky_Temple.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20080531194653']
Categories: Locations