Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Legendary_Heroes

This article is about the game. For the arc, see  Domino City Battles .      
         Legendary Heroes     
 Legendary Heroes , known as  Duel Monsters Quest  ( ＤＭ クエスト  Dyueru Monsutāzu Kuesuto ) in Japanese, is a virtual-reality game in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is one of the three sub-stories in the  Domino City Battles  story arc, appearing in episodes   43  to  45 .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 2   Levels 
 
 2.1   Desert 
 2.2   Graveyard 
 2.3   Labyrinth 
 2.4   Forest 
 
 
 
 
 Events 
 Seto Kaiba  plans to fire  The Big Five  after finding out about their scheme to take over KaibaCorp during the  Duelist Kingdom story arc . The Big Five challenge him to a virtual game, and if he wins, they will resign their posts. Unfortunately, inside the game Kaiba's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " was captured by a " Dragon Capture Jar ". Kaiba himself is then captured by the " Witty Phantom ", who wishes to  sacrifice  him to the " Mythic Dragon ".
 Mokuba Kaiba  runs to  Yugi Muto  for help. Yugi,  Téa Gardner ,  Joey Wheeler , and  Tristan Taylor  all head to  KaibaCorp . Yugi, Joey, and Mokuba get into the virtual pods, which transfer them to the virtual world. On the way, Joey is forced to Duel with  Mai Valentine . When she finds out her opponent is Joey (they were both masked), she joins in the search for Kaiba.
 On the way they encounter a maze. Joey hears a girl crying and attempts to rescue her. (Mai disgustedly observes that Joey is too easily attracted to maidens in distress.) Joey finds  Princess Adena  who strongly resembles Mokuba. Adena says she is about to be sacrificed to the Mythic Dragon.
 The four become guests to a royal feast. Adena explains everything about the "Mythic Dragon". When they are ready to go vanquish the dragon, Adena is suddenly seemingly captured, but it was actually Mokuba in disguise. The remaining three heroes give chase, destroying many obstacles in their way. Finally, they reach the Kaiba brothers. But then, the Big Five cheat by re-writing the program and Summon the "Mythic Dragon" themselves. After many sacrifices leaving only Yugi and Kaiba standing, they finally vanquish the dragon, by  fusing  Kaiba's " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " and Yugi's " Black Luster Soldier " into the " Dragon Master Knight ". After the Big Five's defeat, Adena reveals herself to be " Mystical Elf " and resurrects the sacrificed Joey, Mai and Mokuba. The group leave the virtual world once their task is complete.
 
 Levels 
 Desert 
 The following monsters appeared as enemies in the desert area:
 
 Sand Stone 
 Graveyard 
 The following monsters appeared as enemies in the graveyard zone:
 
 Clown Zombie 
 Armored Zombie 
 Dragon Zombie 
 Labyrinth 
 The following monsters appeared as enemies in the labyrinth:
 
 Labyrinth Tank 
 Gate Guardian 
 Forest 
 The following monsters appeared as enemies in the forest area:
 
 Man-Eater Bug 
 Killer Needle 
 Hercules Beetle 
 Cocoon of Evolution 
 Great Moth 
 Two-Headed King Rex 
 Armed Ninja 
 v e 
 Anime  games 
 Duel Monsters 
 Shadow Game 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Dice in cup 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Super Dancer 
 Chess 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Capsule Monsters 
 Dark RPG 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Yugioh044.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20140106225421']
Categories: Games