Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_116


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 完全燃焼 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kanzen Nenshō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Complete Combustion 
 
 
 English 
 Stuck in the Past 
 
 
 Number 
 116 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 28, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 7, 2021 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " calling " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Are you ready? " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Hirota Mitsutaka 
 
 
 Director 
 Yamamoto Ryuta 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Yamamoto Ryuta 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Noh Gil-bo 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Unfinished Business " 
 " Forced Hands " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 " Stuck in the Past ", known as " Complete Combustion " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth-and-sixteenth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on August 28, 2019.  It aired in English on 9Go! on September 7, 2021.
 As their battle rages on,  Varis  is disappointed to see that  Soulburner  still has doubts in his heart. Enraged by this, Soulburner decides to cast aside the trauma caused by the  Lost Incident , and the sadness he felt after losing  Flame . With all his doubts gone, Soulburner summons a mighty conflagration to his right hand and fights against Varis with everything he’s got.
 
 Featured Duel: Soulburner vs. Varis 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Varis  activates the Normal Spell " Final Offguard ", if his  LP  are lower than his opponent's, and only his opponent controls a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, he draws 2 cards. Varis activates the effect of the Field Spell " Boot Sector Launch ": if his opponent controls more monsters than he does, then he can Special Summon " Rokket " monsters with different names from his GY in Defense Position, up to the difference. he controls no monsters and  Soulburner  controls 1 monster, Therefore Varis Special Summons " Anesthrokket Dragon " (0/2200) in Defense Position. Due to the first effect of "Boot Sector Launch", all "Rokket" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF ("Anesthrokket": 0/2200 → 300/2500). Varis activates the Equip Spell " Borrel Regenerator ", allowing him to target 1 "Rokket" monster in his GY, and Special Summon it and equip it with this card, but it is banished when "Borrel Regenerator" leaves the field. He Special Summons " Silverrokket Dragon " (1900/100 → 2200/400) in Attack Position and equips it with "Borrel Regenerator". Varis activates the Quick-Play Spell " Squib Draw ", allowing him to target 1 "Rokket" monster he controls and destroy it, and if he does, he draws 2 cards. He targets and destroys "Silverrokket" and draws 2 cards. Varis activates the second effect of "Borrel Regenerator" in his GY, as it is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was destroyed, he can draw 1 card.
 Since he controls a "Rokket" monster, Varis Special Summons " Absorouter Dragon " (1200/2800) from his hand in Defense Position, via its own effect. Varis uses "Anesthrokket" and "Absorouter" to Link Summon a Other copy of " Quadborrel Dragon " to the Extra Monster Zone. Varis activates the second effect of "Absorouter" in his GY, if it is sent to the GY, he can add 1 "Rokket" monster from his Deck to his hand. he can add Unknown "Rokket" monster. Varis activates the Normal Spell " Borrel Half Replace ", allowing him to target 1 "Borrel" Link Monster in his GY, and Special Summon 1 "Borrel" Link Monster from his Extra Deck with the same Link Rating as that target but a different name, and if he does, its ATK becomes halved, and its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase. He targets the Link-4 " Borreload Dragon " in his GY and Special Summons " Borrelsword Dragon " (3000 → 1500 ATK/LINK-4/↑←↙↓) from his Extra Deck to the Main Monster Zone the bottom-center Link Arrow of "Quadborrel" points to. Varis activates the second effect of "Half Replace" in his GY: he can banish it and 2 "Rokket" monsters from his GY, in order to Special Summon 1 Link-2 DARK Link Monster from his Extra Deck to his zone a "Borrel" Link  Monster points to (treat as a Link Summon). He banishes "Half Replace", "Silverrokket", and "Anesthrokket" from his GY, and Special Summons the Link-2 DARK " Booster Dragon " (1900/Link-2/↙↘) from his Extra Deck to the Main Monster Zone.
 Varis activates the effect of "Quadborrel": he can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field and destroy it, but he cannot Special Summon Link-2 or lower monsters from his Extra Deck for the rest of the turn. He discards a card, then targets and destroys Link-4 "Borrelsword". Due to the effect of "Quadborrel", if the destroyed monster was a Link Monster, Varis can Special Summon any number of "Rokket" monsters with different names, from his hand or GY, up to its Link Rating. He Special Summons  " Rokket Recharger " (0/2100 → 300/2400) and " Magnarokket Dragon " (1800/1200 → 2100/1500) from his GY both in Defense Position. Varis activates the effect of "Booster Dragon", allowing him to target 1 other face-up monster on the field, and increase its ATK/DEF by 500, his opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. He targets "Magnarokket", as a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field, he can destroy this card, then send 1 monster on the field to the GY. He destroys "Magnarokket" and attempts to send " Violet Chimera " to the GY, however, due to the effect of " Salamangreat Kernel " that is equipped to "Violet Chimera", it is unaffected by Soulburner's opponent's activated monster effects, except their Link Monsters'.
 Varis activates the Normal Spell " Link Burst ", allowing him to target 1 Link Monster he controls and 1 monster his opponent controls, and destroy them, then he draws 1 card. He targets "Booster Dragon" and "Violet Chimera". as the equipped monster With "Kernel" would be destroyed by battle or card effect, he can return 1 Link-2 or higher " Salamangreat " monster from his GY to the Extra Deck instead, and if he does, the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. He returns the Link-2 " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf " from his GY to his Extra Deck. The effect resolves, only "Booster Dragon" is destroyed and Varis draws 1 card. Varis activates the effect of "Rokket Recharger", then he chains it by effect of "Booster Dragon" in his GY, as it was Link Summoned and destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY, Varis can target 1 other Dragon monster in his GY, and Special Summon it. He targets and Special Summons "Borreload" from his GY. The effect of "Rokket Recharger" resolves, as a DARK monster(s) he controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or card effect, Varis can send "Rokket Recharger" from his hand or field to the GY, then target 1 of those destroyed monsters and Special Summons 1 DARK monster from his GY with a different original name from that targeted monster. He Special Summons his first copy of "Quadborrel Dragon" from his GY.
 Varis Normal Summons " Rokket Synchron " (0/0 → 300/300) and activates its effect, as this card is Normal Summoned, he can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon monster in his GY and Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effect are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase. He targets and Special Summons the Level 7 "Absorouter" from his GY in Defense Position. Varis tunes his Level 1 Tuner "Rokket Synchron" with Level 7 "Absorouter" to Synchro Summon the Level 8 " Borreload Savage Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Varis activates the effect of "Borreload Savage", as it is Synchro Summoned, he can equip 1 Link Monster from his GY to this card, and if he does, he places Borrel Counters on "Borreload Savage" equal to that Link Monster's Link Rating. also, "Borreload Savage" gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the monster equipped. He equips the Link-4 "Borrelsword" from his GY to "Borreload Savage" ("Borreload Savage": 3000 → 4500 ATK, 0 → 4 Borrel Counters). Varis uses his 2 copies of Link-2 "Quadborrel" Link Summon " Topologic Zeroboros " (3000/LINK-4/↙↖↗↘). "Zeroboros" gains 200 ATK for each banished card (in this case 4,"Half Replace", "Silverrokket", "Noctovision Dragon" and "Anesthrokket") ("Zeroboros": 3000 → 3800 ATK).
 "Borreload" attack "Violet Chimera". Varis activates the effect of "Borreload", during either player's turn, he can target 1 face-up monster on the field, and make it lose 500 ATK/DEF Also his opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. He targets "Violet Chimera" ("Violet Chimera": 2300 → 1800 ATK). Soulburner activates his Set Normal Trap " Salamangreat Geyser ", allowing him to target 1 face-up monster his opponent controls and 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in his GY, then return that monster in the GY to the Extra Deck, and if he does, that opponent's monster loses ATK equal to the returned monster's Link Rating x 1000, then he draws cards equal to the number of Link Monsters his opponent controls. as opponent activates a card or effect, Varis actives effect of "Borreload Savage", he can remove 1 Borrel Counter from "Borreload Savage", in order to negate the activation from "Geyser" ("Borreload Savage": 4 → 3 Borrel Counters). The attack continues (Soulburner: 3000 → 1800 LP) but "Violet Chimera" isn't destroyed by the attack, due to the effect of "Kernel". "Borreload Savage" attacks "Violet Chimera". Soulburner activates the effect of "Violet Chimera". if it battles a monster with current ATK is different from its original ATK, double the ATK of "Violet Chimera" during damage calculation only ("Violet Chimera": 1800 → 3600 ATK). The attack continues (Soulburner: 1800 → 900 LP, "Violet Chimera": 3600 → 1800 ATK), but "Violet Chimera" isn't destroyed, due to the effect of "Kernel". "Zeroboros" attack "Violet Chimera". Soulburner activates the effect of "Violet Chimera", doubling its ATK ("Violet Chimera": 1800 → 3600 ATK). The attack continues (Soulburner: 900 → 700 LP, "Violet Chimera": 3600 → 1800 ATK), but "Violet Chimera" isn't destroyed, due to the effect of "Kernel".
 During the End Phase, Varis activates the effect of "Magnarokket" in his GY: as it in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent this turn, he can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from his Deck, except "Magnarokket". He Special Summons " Autorokket Dragon " (1600/1000 → 1900/1300) from his Deck in Defense Position. Varis activates the second effect of "Zeroboros": if another monster is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to, while "Zeroboros" is on the field, all cards on the field are banished.
 Varis' "Borreload Savage", "Borreload", "Zeroboros", "Borrelsword", "Autorokket", "Boot Sector Launch" and Soulburner's "Violet Chimera" and " Salamangreat Sanctuary " are banished, but "Kernel" is not banished, due to its effect that preventing it from being destroyed or banished by card effects, but since the monster it was equipped to left the field, "Kernel" is destroyed.
 Turn 5: Soulburner 
During the Standby Phase, "Zeroboros" is Special Summon itself via its own effect while banished to Main Monster Zone, With "Zeroboros" gains 200 ATK for each banished card -current 11 ("Zeroboros": 3000 → 5200 ATK).
 Soulburner activates the Normal Spell " Burning Draw ", as he controls no cards, he targets 1 Link Monster his opponent controls, and draws cards equal to its Link Rating. He targets the Link-4 "Zeroboros" and draws 4 cards. Soulburner activates the Normal Spell " Link Fire's Return ", allowing him to target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in his GY, and Special Summon it, but it cannot attack or activate its effects for the rest of this turn, then he inflicts damage to his opponent equal to 200 x its Link Rating. He targets and Special Summons the Link-3 " Salamangreat Heatleo " (Varis: 800 → 200 LP). Soulburner activates the effect of " Salamangreat Salamandra " in his hand: he can reveal it in his hand, then Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from his hand whose Level is less than or equal to the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters on the field (in this case, 7), allowing Soulburner to Special Summon itself -LV6 "Salamandra" (2200/800) from his hand in Defense Position. Soulburner uses "Salamandra" and the Link-3 "Heatleo" to Link Summon " Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix " (2800/LINK-4/↑→↓←) to the Extra Monster Zones that "Zeroboros" points to.
 Varis activates the effect of "Zeroboros", but as Link Monster is Special Summoned to opponent's field, Varis actives effect of " Karmacept Dragon " in his hand, he can equip it from his hand or field to that "Pyro Phoenix". Its effect allows Varis to inflict damage to Soulburner equal to the ATK of "Pyro Phoenix" when it banished while equipped by "Karmacept". Soulburner chains his Quick-Play Spell " Salamangreat Transcendence ", allowing him to target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster he control, and perform a  Reincarnation Link Summon  using that target. Soulburner targets "Pyro Phoenix" and Reincarnation Link Summons a other copy of "Pyro Phoenix". The effect of "Karmacept" resolves without inflict damage effect and is sent to Varis' GY. The effect of "Zeroboros" resolves, banishing itself, "Pyro Phoenix" and "Transcendence". Varis activates the effect of "Karmacept" in his GY, as it is sent to the GY, he can target 1 Link Monster in his opponent's GY, and then Special Summon 1 of his banished Dragon Link Monsters with an equal or lower Link Rating than the targeted monster. He targets the Link-4 "Pyro Phoenix" in Soulburner's GY, and Special Summons his banished Link-4 "Borreload". Soulburner activates the effect of "Salamandra" in his GY, as "Salamandra" is in his GY and a Link Summoned "Salamangreat" Link Monster left the field because of an opponent's card effect this turn, he can banish "Salamandra" from his GY, and then Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster from his GY with a lower Link Rating than the Link Monster that left the field, then he negates the effects of all face-up monsters currently on the field until the end of this turn, but the monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed during the End Phase. he banishes "Salamandra" from his GY and Special Summons the Link-3 "Heatleo" from his GY, and negating the effects of "Borreload". Soulburner activates the Field Spell "Sanctuary". Due to its effect, if Soulburner Link Summons a "Salamangreat" Link Monster, he can use 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster he controls with its same name as the entire material. Soulburner uses "Heatleo" to Reincarnation Link Summon other copy of "Heatleo" to the Extra Monster Zone. Soulburner activates the effect of "Heatleo", if it was Reincarnation Link Summoned, Soulburner can target 1 face-up monster on the field and 1 monster in his GY, and make the ATK of the first target become equal to the second target's, until the end of this turn. He targets "Borreload" on the field and "Salamangreat Balelynx" in his GY ("Borreload": 3000 → 500 ATK).
 Soulburner attacks with "Heatleo" and destroys "Borreload" (Varis: 200 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Theodore Hamilton (Soulburner) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Salamangreat Salamandra Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Salamangreat Violet Chimera 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Balelynx 
 Salamangreat Heatleo  x2 
 Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix  x2 
 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burning Draw 
 Link Fire's Return 
 Salamangreat Kernel 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary  x2 
 Salamangreat Transcendence 
 Traps 
 Salamangreat Geyser 
 
 Ryoken Kogami (Varis) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Absorouter Dragon 
 Autorokket Dragon 
 Anesthrokket Dragon 
 Karmacept Dragon 
 Magnarokket Dragon 
 Noctovision Dragon 
 Rokket Recharger 
 Silverrokket Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Rokket Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Borreload Savage Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Booster Dragon 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Quadborrel Dragon  x2 
 Topologic Zeroboros Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Boot Sector Launch 
 Borrel Half Replace 
 Borrel Regenerator 
 Final Offguard 
 Link Burst 
 Squib Draw 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 3 episodes 
 #104 " Your Reign is Over " #105 " Unlikely Alliance " #106 " Roboppi Mops Up " #107 " Cleaning House " #108 " Smash and Mash " #109 " Al vs Ai " #110 " Siblings and Circuits " #111 " Stronger Together " #112 " All Hail Roboppi! " #113 " Roboppi's World " #114 " The Chosen One " #115 " Unfinished Business " #116 " Stuck in the Past " #117 " Forced Hands " #118 " Alone Together " #119 " A Losing Battle " #120 " Journey's End " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Vrains_116.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190828144555']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes