Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Orbital_7_(character)

This article is about the character. For the card, see  Orbital 7 (card) .      
 For other versions of this character, see  Orbital 7 (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Orbital 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Orbital 7 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Orbital 7 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Orbital 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 オービタル ７ オービタル７ オービタルセブン Rōmaji: ( Ōbitaru Sebun ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Orbital 5  ("brother") Orbital 6  ("brother") Lillybot  ("wife") Two unnamed "children" 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Kite Tenjo 's assistant 
 
 
 Organization 
 Orbital 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Super Defense Robot 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 13: " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Sean Schemmel  (Up to Barian arc) Darren Dunstan  (Barian Arc onward) 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Tomoaki Maeno 
 
 
 Arabic voice 
 Hassan Hamdan 
 
 
 
 Orbital 7  (オービタル ７   Ōbitaru Sebun ) is an  Orbital  robot appearing in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  that originally accompanied  Kite Tenjo  into collecting the " Number " cards. He later assists Kite in finding information about the  Barian World .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Personality 
 1.2   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.2   World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.3   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.3.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.3.2   Mythyrian Numbers War 
 2.3.3   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Personality 
 Unlike other robots, such as the  litterbots , Orbital 7 can express feelings such as anger and fear as it's seen in episode 13 when, seeing a litterbot that the "Number" holder threw down to the ground floor, it got angry and told Kite in an aggressive way to take him down, but quickly changed his tone to  Kite  when the latter looked at him angrily, implying he has a certain fear for his master. [1]  This fear is present especially when Kite threatens to turn Orbital 7 into scrap metal, among other threats, when the latter would disobey the former's orders.
 During  Yuma  and Kite's Tag Duel against  Trey  and  Quattro , he also developed a fear for  Tori Meadows . He also considers Tori scarier than Kite as seen when Tori scolded him and called him a "pile of junk", he responded silently "this girl may be even scarier than Kite". [2] 
 Orbital 7 has a habit of ending his sentences with "de-arimasu" and he refers to Kite as "Lord" Kite (or either "boss" or "Master Kite" in the dub). In the dub, he has a habit of stuttering his sentences.
 Orbital 7 has a disdain for Yuma and has in more than one occasion insulted him, frequently calling him "Toma". However given Yuma's evident concern for both Kite and Hart, Orbital 7 has been notably less hostile towards Yuma and has even responded to his commands.
 He later falls in love with  Lillybot  at first sight, and the two becomes friends after a misunderstanding between her and Yuma.
 
 Abilities 
   Fighting form.   Glider form.   Motorbike form.   Jet Pack form   Astrosuit form. 1/5 
 Orbital 7 contains and carries  Kite 's  D-Pad  which he shoots out from his head when Kite Duels. 
 He can create a small vacuum area where time slows down, more precisely 1:10000 sec (approximately 2 hours and 45 minutes within the vacuum per second outside the vacuum), the ratio between the special field & the regular world. The only people able to move are the robot himself and those who possess " Number " cards; this way Kite can confirm when his target has a "Number". 
 Orbital's arms contain several blades which when extended Kite can use as a sort of glider for transportation. He can also transform himself into a motorcycle or a jetpack for the same purpose. 
 Orbital 7 can keep track of all the "Number" cards Kite has obtained, being 15 as of episode 56. 
 He has the ability to make holograms. 
 Orbital also has another form, like  Lillybot  and the other  litterbots , where he has a drill on his left forearm, as seen in episode 22 when he attacked  Shark . He used this form again in episode 24 when he attacked Yuma. In that episode, it was revealed that Orbital could pull out another drill on his right arm when needed. He uses these drills as weapons, but he isn't a very good fighter, tending to get them jammed at inopportune times. 
 He can hack into  Duel Gazers , as seen in  episode 41  when he gave Kite's contact number to  Yuma Tsukumo  in case Yuma found  Hart  first. 
 Orbital's  power source  comes from the  Barian World  but it was able to interact with the  Emperor's Key  to create a portal. 
 He could also raise his head up high, as seen in episode 13 if he wants to have a better view. 
 In the manga, he has a "self-destruction" function, which would destroy himself in an explosion when activated. However, it instead causes a smaller explosion, and Orbital is functional even after exploding. 
 Orbital 7 can electrically shock people and objects, as seen when he used it against  Fender . 
 Orbital 7 can be used as an space suit with a jetpack, equipping himself onto Kite to help explore the surface of the moon. 
 It's unknown whether he had these abilities in the past already or that they were given to him when Kite became a Number Hunter.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Long ago, Orbital was built by  Kite  in order to originally function as nanny for  Hart  only. As so, Orbital lived with Kite and Hart. When the three were in a forest, Hart caught a butterfly, and let it go after Orbital told him the butterfly wants to be free.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 Orbital 7 made his debut alongside his master,  Kite Tenjo , when the latter crashed through a shopping mall's glass ceiling to retrieve  a rampaging criminal's  " Number " card, " Gold Rat ". When he and Kite were falling, it extended blades from its arms as a glider. It also demonstrated the ability to freeze time so Kite could Duel the criminal for his "Number" without being seen. When he saw a  litterbot  that the "Number" holder had thrown down to the ground floor, it got angry and told Kite in an aggressive way to take him down, but quickly changed his tone to Kite when the latter looked at him angrily. When Kite started the Duel, he shot out Kite's  D-Pad , and after Kite was done, changed into his glider-like form again to help Kite exit the mall. He appeared again alongside his master when he confronted  Yuma Tsukumo , slowing down time again, and also saving Yuma from a truck that would otherwise have hit him. Here, Orbital reveals it's his power, letting a second in an area to take 10,000 seconds (approximately 2 hours and 45 minutes) instead.
 During the Duel, Orbital easily annoys Kite when he talks, telling Kite to extract every drop of Yuma's soul, which angered Kite greatly, saying that making the opponent feel fear is an unnecessary and despicable thing to do which made Orbital 7 quickly cower away frightened. After Yuma summoned " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", Orbital 7 was completely shocked that Yuma had another "Number" on him (up to that point he and Kite assumed " Number 39: Utopia " was Yuma's only Number). Orbital then urgently told Kite that second  Xyz Monster  Yuma Summoned is indeed another "Number". Before Kite could deal the finishing blow, Orbital received a signal showing Hart after he collapsed, and he showed it to Kite, who then, fearing for Hart's safety, canceled the Duel so that he could go help him.
 After Kite decided to get back to his Hunting, he found Orbital 7 sleeping on the job and ordered him to find the origin of the "Numbers", and he finds that the  Emperor's Key  that Yuma Tsukumo wore might be it. Orbital was sent to retrieve the Key from Yuma covertly, Kite threatening to scrap Orbital if he failed. Orbital snuck into  Heartland Academy  while Yuma had left it in his locker. However,  Shark  had spotted him from the roof and followed him, snatching the Key from Orbital after he found it. Orbital demanded the Key, but Shark's response was to kick Orbital 7 into a wall. Orbital transformed into his fighting form and attacked Shark with a drill, pursuing him onto the roof. He was above to use the weapon on Shark until Kite arrived and decided to Duel Shark for the Key under the impression that Shark was a Number holder, defeating Shark easily. 
 Having retrieved the Key, it is shown that Orbital's fuel is an unknown red mineral from  Barian World , which, when coming into contact with the Key, created a portal that allowed Kite to go into it and find Astral. When Yuma and his friends gained entrance, he sent  Orbital 5  and  Orbital 6  to stop Yuma and his friends. Yuma manages to escape the two robots, so Orbital 7 comes to face Yuma himself. At first, Yuma wasn't impressed by Orbital's small, regular form, but when Orbital changed into his fighting form, Yuma was quite surprised and started running away. Orbital eventually cornered Yuma and was about to impale him with his drills, but he missed and his drills got stuck in the walls, giving Yuma a chance to escape. When the Duel between Kite and Astral ends and the base explodes, he was at first thought to be destroyed along with it, but is later seen to have survived as he served as Kite's glider when Kite made his escape.
 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Orbital continued to assist  Kite  as he continued Number Hunting, and also helped him stop the plane that  Cameron Clix  had predicted would crash from doing so. He later showed up with Kite after  Hart  went missing and when they decided to work together, Orbital gave  Yuma  a number that they could use to contact Kite. During  Vetrix 's draining of Hart's powers, it is shown in one of Hart's memories that Orbital 7 had been with Kite before he worked for  Dr. Faker  and  Mr. Heartland .
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 The night before the finals, Orbital ran tests on  Kite  and he concluded that if Kite used his  Photon Transformation  too much, he'd die, though Kite still continued to use it regardless. Before getting on the  Duel Coaster , Kite had Orbital freeze time so they can see which of the finalists own " Numbers ." Although initially reluctant, Kite quickly 'convinces' him in his useful manner of doing so, after which he dismisses him though 'convincing' him. While Kite was Dueling his way to the finals, he told Orbital 7 to keep an eye on  Vetrix . Orbital tells Kite that Vetrix's path during the second stage was rigged by  Dextra . Kite told him to stay behind, but Orbital later followed him along with  Yuma  and  Tori  just in time for Kite's duel with  Chris  (aka Quinton). When Kite Dueled Vetrix, the latter used his link to Hart to harm Hart, and Orbital took Yuma to where Hart was being held, successfully evading the defense systems of the area.
 
       Orbital 7's body malfunctioning.     
 After Yuma's Duel with  Vetrix , Orbital 7 fought alongside Kite, Tori, and  Shark  against an army of  litterbots  sent by  Mr. Heartland , where he then sacrificed himself to shut down the litterbots themselves. However, he started functioning again after Faker was defeated, and helped the Duelists and Tori escape from the building before it collapsed. After Fakers defeat, he alongside  Nistro  and  Dextra  watched the Duel between Yuma and Kite. [3] [4] 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 Barian Invasion 
 Orbital 7 appeared at the end of  Yuma  and  Fender 's  Duel , electrically shocking Fender into unconsciousness. [5] 
 Sometime after  Kite  Dueled  Mizar , Kite ordered Orbital 7 to find out more about the  Barians . During the course of research while flying around the city, a plastic bag flew into his vision, which caused him to crash into a nearby park fountain. Here, he learned about love through observing several couples and a romantic movie trailer. Shortly after this,  Lillybot  crashed into him. But Lillybot smacked him away for crashing into her. Orbital 7 became distracted by his affection, even complaining about Kite's heartless nature. Orbital 7 returned to the park, confused about his feelings where he crashed into Lillybot again on her way back home. He then discovered a list she dropped suggesting, "help", or " Tasukete ", which he assumed was a call for distress; in reality, it was Lilly's way of remembering what to buy based on the first katakana characters. Orbital 7 followed her to Yuma's home where be believed Yuma was a cruel slave driver and devised a way to save Lillybot, setting up a  satellite cannon . The following day, Orbital challenged Yuma to a Duel in order to save Lillybot. The Duel took place near a river where Yuma, Ray, Tori and Lillybot came to observe. During the Duel, Orbital managed to bring out his ace monster, " Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon ", which overwhelmed Yuma. However, Yuma managed to turn the duel around by Summoning  his   three  " Djinn "  monsters  and destroying Orbital 7's ace card, winning the Duel. Regardless of the outcome, Orbital had programmed the satellite cannon to fire down on Yuma. Lilly came in close contact with Yuma, mocking him in her own way, but doing so also put her in the line of fire. Orbital heroically dashed towards her and pushed her out of harm's way as the laser blasted Yuma and Orbital 7. This left the two of them burned. Tori then learned that Orbital 7 had fallen in love with Lillybot and suggested they start off as friends, with Orbital joining hands with Lilly. Lilly kindly responded with a kind first greeting, which made Orbital happy. [6] 
 Orbital 7 was present when Yuma, Kite, Shark, and the others went aboard the  Different Dimension Airship  to the  Barian World  for the purpose of saving  Ray Shadows . He mainly was there to pilot the ship, and watched Kite Duel Mizar again for a short time. [7]  When the Airship was almost sucked into a black hole, he helped to save it. [8]  He escaped along with the others afterwards. [9] 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 Kite and Orbital flew to  the ruins holding  " Djinn Buster " just in time to save Yuma from falling due to Vector destroying the ruins. [10]  When they went to  Spartan City , Orbital stayed behind in the Airship to keep watch over it, a job which frustrated him due to the loneliness. [11]  While Tori complained about not being woken up while Yuma dueled  Alito  and  Nistro , Orbital angrily complained about his own lonely job. [12] 
 After a difficult time of navigating through the mountains, Orbital stayed behind while Yuma, Kite and Shark headed for the ruins in the mountain along with Tori and  Rio . [13] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
       Orbital's systems shut down.     
 Orbital met his end on the moon alongside Kite himself. Orbital had acted as Kite's spacesuit and linked his own vision to Kite's. He also deployed a shield powered by his Baria Crystal to protect Kite from an attack by Mizar's " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ". Before Orbital shut down, he thanked Kite for praising him. As a result, Kite succumbed to the vacuum of space. [14] 
 Orbital was soon revived after the final Duel between Yuma and Astral, thanks to the power of the  Numeron Code . He was revealed to have married Lillybot and had two kids. At the end, Orbital was seen alongside Kite joining with Yuma, Tori and the  Seven Barian Emperors  to help Astral. [15] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Main article:  Orbital 7 (manga) 
       Orbital 7 in the  manga .     
 In the  manga , just like in the anime, Orbital 7 serves  Kaito Tenjo , and assists him as he hunts the " Numbers ".
 
 Deck 
 Orbital 7 plays a  " Super Defense Robot " Deck .
 
 
 Anime Deck - Arc 4 Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Super Defense Robot Elephan 
 Super Defense Robot Lio 
 Super Defense Robot Monki  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Garbage Collection 
 Robocircus 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 90 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 13: " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 42: " A Dubious Duo " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 90: " You Give Love a Bot Name " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 97: " Sinister Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 98: " Shadows End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 101: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 102: " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 103: " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 105: " Put to the Test: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 135: " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 v e 
Orbital 7 pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/Orbital_7.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110708112205', None, None, None, None, None, 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Orbital_destroyed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120821014231', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Orbital7SuitShutdown.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140110040147', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/Manga_Orbital_7.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140314001840']
Categories: Characters, Orbital 7 pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters