Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Meklord_Emperor_Genocide

The  "Meklord Emperor Genocide"  ( "Machine Emperor Genocide"  in Japanese) was an apocalyptic disaster that destroyed the world and brought humanity to extinction in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's .
 
 History 
       The result of the genocide against humans.     
 Dr. Fudo 's creation,  Ener-D , has the power to accelerate the evolution of humanity and read the desires of humans. [1]  Approximately 200 years in the future, humans discovered this, as well as discovering that  Synchro Summoning  can be used to control the Ener-D and accelerate its rotation. Thanks to it, humanity started evolving quickly, but humans started Synchro Summoning with the intention of evolving faster combined with dark, greedy desires. This caused the Ener-D, which was rotating too fast, to go out of control. [2] 
 The Ener-D, now completely berserk, created the army of  Meklord Emperors , with the order of killing humans. [2]  During the invasion,  a scientist at that time  discovered that using  Synchro Monsters  combined with  Clear Mind  causes the Meklord Emperors to stop attacking, because they only attack humans with negative desires that damage the Ener-D. The scientist took the identity of Yusei Fudo by modifying his face with a surgery and using a  device that makes him think like Yusei , in order to teach the remaining survivors about Clear Mind in hopes of stopping the attack. However, he discovered this too late, and the Ener-D reached its peak, causing it to explode together with the Meklord Emperors, and also triggering another global  Zero Reverse  event. As a result, all the remaining survivors were killed, with the exception of three individuals. The scientist survived but his head device was damaged, so he gave up hope in humanity. [3] 
 Eventually the scientist, now under the name "Z-one", found  three more survivors . They took the codenames  Aporia ,  Antinomy , and  Paradox . They spent many years conducting countless experiments to try and restore humanity, but their efforts were mostly futile, and they all died due to their old ages, except for Z-one, who connected himself to a machine that prolongs his life, leaving him as the only survivor of mankind. Z-one then created cyborgs with the appearance and memories of his comrades. Antinomy's cyborg was given amnesia. Aporia was divided into  3 embodiments of despair : Lester being his child years, Primo as his late teen years, and Jakob as his elder years. Paradox was created to destroy the root source of  Duel Monsters ,  Maximillion Pegasus . Z-one sent them into the past, in order to attempt to change history. [2]  Their plans included using  Roman Goodwin  to destroy the Ener-D through triggering the  Zero Reverse , killing  Maximillion Pegasus  so that  Duel Monsters  would not be created, which would result in the Ener-D never being discovered, stimulating Yusei's evolution so that he can stop future Meklord Emperor Genocide, and destroying  New Domino City  using the  Divine Temple  in order to guarantee that a new Ener-D reactor is never created.
 Team 5D's interfered with their plan to use the Divine Temple to destroy the city, and Yusei, with the help of  Yugi Muto  and  Jaden Yuki  stopped Paradox's plan for killing Pegasus and destroying Duel Monsters. During  Yusei 's Duel with Z-one, Z-one explained what happened in the future, not realizing that the entire city was listening. [3]  Thanks to Z-one's warning, the present is now aware of the situation, and Yusei was able to create a program called  Fortune , whose function is to keep the Ener-D under control. Because of this, the future has changed, and the Meklord Emperor Genocide will never occur. [4] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 57: " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 134: " For Synchro's Sake " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 149: " The Revived Hero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 152: " An Advancing Future " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_5Ds_-_134.mkv_000777944.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20211108181612']
Categories: Battles, Events