Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yugi_Muto_(DSOD_Duel_Links)


 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 武藤遊戯 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Dan Green 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shunsuke Kazama 
 
 
 
 Yugi Muto  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yugi Muto , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film.
 He is unlockable in the  special event ,  Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 When Yugi assembled the Millennium Puzzle, his body became the host of an Egyptian Pharaoh's spirit. Together, they faced numerous Duelists to save the world from destruction. With their mission complete, Yugi and the Pharaoh fought a ritual Duel to send the Pharaoh's soul to the afterlife - and the two headed their seperate ways. As Yugi ponders what the future holds for him and his friends, Kaiba's schemes are bringing him back to the battlefield...
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Event Icon 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Yugi (DSOD) Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician  ( DSOD  art; glossy) 
 Mammoth Graveyard  x3 
 Mushroom Man  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x3 
 Torike  x3 
 Tyhone  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Blue Medicine  x2 
 Red Medicine 
 Stop Defense 
 Level 10 
 
 Loyal Friends Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Mammoth Graveyard  x3 
 Mushroom Man  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x3 
 Torike  x3 
 Tyhone  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Blue Medicine  x2 
 Red Medicine 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Dig of Destiny 
 Level 20 
 
 Friends of Unity Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 1  x2 
 Torike  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Green Gadget 
 Red Gadget  x2 
 Yellow Gadget  x2 
 Watapon 
 Witch of the Black Forest Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Magical Contract Door 
 Red Medicine 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Dig of Destiny  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Our Bright Future Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Celtic Guard of Noble Arms 
 Green Gadget  x3 
 Red Gadget  x3 
 Yellow Gadget  x3 
 Witch of the Black Forest  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Magical Contract Door 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Traps 
 Dark Horizon 
 Final Geas 
 Magician's Circle 
 Soul Rope 
 Level 40 
 
 Fight For A Friend Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Palladium Oracle Mahad 
 Celtic Guard of Noble Arms 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guard 
 Gold Gadget  x3 
 Silver Gadget  x3 
 Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Marshmacaron  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Horn of the Unicorn 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Dark Horizon 
 Final Geas 
 Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 Metamorphortress 
 Soul Rope 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Disciples and Magician Girls Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Apple Magician Girl  x2 
 Berry Magician Girl  x3 
 Chocolate Magician Girl  x3 
 Lemon Magician Girl 
 Kiwi Magician Girl  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Magical Dimension 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Magicians' Defense 
 Mirror Force  x2 
 Level-up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yugi Muto reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Dig of Destiny "
 
 
 4
 
 Gathering of Disciples ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Spiral Spear Strike "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Sentry Soldier of Stone "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dig of Destiny "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Spell Counter Boost ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Sentry Soldier of Stone "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Dig of Destiny "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Dark Horizon ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Sentry Soldier of Stone "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Beta The Electromagnet Warrior "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yugi Muto)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Tackle Crusader "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of  " Beta The Electromagnet Warrior "
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yugi, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Archfiend Commander "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Gaia the Fierce Knight Origin "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " The Legendary Exodia Incarnate "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Magician's Valkyria "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Aqua Madoor "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mystical Elf "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Kanan the Swordmistress "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ancient Sorcerer "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Mushroom Man "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Gathering of Disciples
 
 Can be used by revealing 1 "Dark Magician" in your hand. Add 1 "Dark Magician Girl" to the bottom of your Deck. If you have 2500 or fewer Life Points you can add the "Dark Magician Girl" to your hand instead. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Spell Counter Boost
 
 Can be used by revealing 2 Spell Cards in your hand. Select 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on, and place 1 Spell Counter on it. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Dark Horizon
 
 If you take a total of 2000 or more damage during a single turn, you can use this Skill on your next turn.
 Play 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your Deck.
If you took 2500 or more damage on your previous turn, you can play 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck instead. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Born from the Earth
 
 Can be used if you control a "Dark Magician" and your Life Points are at 2000 or below.
 Place 1 "Metamorphortress" face-down on your side of the field.
If your opponent controls a Dragon-Type monster with 3000 ATK or more, you can use this Skill regardless of your Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Contract Door
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are 2000 or below. Add 1 "Magical Contract Door" to your hand from outside of your Deck. Then, add 1 "Monster Reborn" to your Opponent's hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Determination to Fight
 
 Apply either of the following effects. Then, place 1 "Gandora Giga Rays the Dragon of Destruction" or 1 "Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition" to your Graveyard from outside of your Deck.
 Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add 1 " Gandora " monster from your Deck to your hand. You can also Normal Summon 1 "Gandora" monster in addition to your regular Normal Summon during this turn. 
 Send 1 " Gadget " monster from your field to the Graveyard, and then play 1 "Silent Magician LV4" or 1 "Silent Swordsman LV3" from outside of your Deck. 
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 10 "Gadget", "Silent Swordsman", or "Silent Magician" monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and thrice per Duel.
 
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Kuribohmorph
 
 Select 1 "Kuriboh" monster in your hand or on your side of the field. Turn it into one of the following "Kuriboh" monsters.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel. - Kuriboh - Sphere Kuriboh - Relinkuriboh - Clear Kuriboh
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Master of Rites: Super Soldier
 
 Select 1 Ritual Monster from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 " Super Soldier Synthesis " from your Deck to your hand If you send "Black Luster Soldier" to your Graveyard, you can place 1 face-down " Super Soldier Rebirth " to your field from your hand or Deck. You can only Special Summon Ritual Monsters during this turn and you can only activate 1 monster's effect during the main Phase until the Battle Phase. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has a total of at least 9 cards and at least 6 types of " Black Luster Soldier " Ritual Monsters or monsters that include "Black Luster Soldier" in their card text. Can be used from your 2nd turn onward. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 My Monster Cards
 
 If your Deck has 6 or more Level 4 or lower monsters with different names, you will have better chances of having a Level 4 or lower monster in your starting hand.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Pathway to Chaos
 
 Change one of the following monsters you control to the monster listed. If you are changing an Effect Monster, send 1 "Kuriboh" monster from your hand to your Graveyard.
 This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Monster that includes "Gaia the Fierce Knight" in its original name: Black Luster Soldier 
 Monster whose original card name is "Black Luster Soldier":  Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Sentrification
 
 Turn all " Giant Soldier of Stone " in your Graveyard into "Sentry Soldier of Stone". This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Spiral Spear Strike
 
 Can be used if you control a "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monster with 2300 ATK or more, or "Gaia the Dragon Champion". Play 1 "Spiral Spear Strike" from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light
 
 Can only be used in Tag Duels. At the beginning of your first turn, place 1 "Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light" face-down on your side of the field.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Dragon Knight's Path
 
 Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck. Place 1 "Galloping Gaia" face-up from your Deck. After using this Skill, you can only Special Summon the following monsters until the end of the next turn. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has at least 8 cards that are "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters or Level 5 Dragon-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 Fusion Monsters that use "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters as Fusion Material 
 "Gaia the Fierce Knight" monsters 
 "Black Luster Soldier" monsters 
 Level 5 Dragon-Type monsters 
 
 Event
 
 
 Warrior's Sacrifice
 
 Can be used if you began your turn with fewer Life Points than your opponent, and control no cards. Select 1 monster your opponent controls, and send 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Until the end of the turn, the ATK of the selected monster decreases by the ATK of the "Silent Swordsman" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Yugi announces "Atem... It's you..."
 When he wins or loses the Duel, Yugi says "............" 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Joey Wheeler (DM)  or  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Yugi announces "Let's Duel, Joey!"
 When he loses the Duel, Yugi says "You have all the skills to become a pro Duelist, Joey!" 
 Téa Gardner (DM), Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Téa Gardner (DM)  or  Téa Gardner (DSOD) , Yugi announces "Get ready, Téa!"
 When he loses the Duel, Yugi says "You built a great deck, Téa!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Mokuba Kaiba (DM)  or  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi announces "Here I go, Mokuba!" 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi announces "Kaiba, listen to me. He's... gone."
 When he wins the Duel, Yugi says "I know you want to resurrect the Pharaoh." followed by "But you have to let him go." or "Kaiba..." 
 When he loses the Duel, Yugi says "Kaiba..." 
 When passing the turn to Seto Kaiba in a Tag Duel, Yugi says "Kaiba, it's your turn!"
 When passing the turn to Seto Kaiba while own team is on high LP and opponent team is on low LP, Yugi says "You're up, Kaiba!" 
 When passing the turn to Seto Kaiba while own team is on low LP, Yugi says "Sorry, Kaiba..." 
 Sera 
 When starting a Duel with  Sera , Yugi announces "Sera... Who are you?" 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Yugi announces "Aigami... Who are you really?" or "Aigami, I don't know who you are... But I will defeat you!" or (in a Dimension Duel) "This is how Aigami Duels..."
 When he wins the Duel, Yugi says "No matter how dark things may get, I believe in my friends." followed by "And we will create a bright future together!" or "I know you believe you're fighting for a noble cause." followed by, "But when you use hate to achieve peace, you've already lost." 
 When he loses the Duel, Yugi says "Aigami..." or "Sorry, everyone..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yugi Summons " Dark Magician " (except  Arkana's "Dark Magician" ), a cut-in frame of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces "Bear witness to my ardent ally, Dark Magician!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Dark Magician" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "Dark Magician" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Dark Magician!" followed by "Dark Magic Attack!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Dark Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "Join the Duel, Dark Magician Girl!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Dark Magician Girl" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Dark Magician Girl" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Dark Magician Girl!" followed by "Dark Burning Attack!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ", a cut-in frame of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces he announces "I'll use this monster to defeat your deck! followed by "Join me, Gandora the Dragon of Destruction!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Gandora the Dragon of Destruction" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Gandora the Dragon of Destruction" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gandora the Dragon of Destruction, attack!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora's magical blast banishes all cards on the field!" followed by "Boundless Gigarays!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora's effect destroys itself!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Magician LV8 ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "That's right! Silent Magician is now Level 8!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Silent Magician LV8" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Silent Magician LV8" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Magician attacks!" followed by "Silent Burning Attack!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition ", he chants  "Break free from your iron prison!"  Afterwards, a cut-in of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces "Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora-X's effect destroys all your monsters! And you not only take damage, but Gandora gains ATK points! 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gandora-X's effect halves my Life Points!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Magician of Chaos ", a cut-in frame of Yugi briefly appears, and he announces "Descend, Magician of Chaos!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Magician of Chaos attacks!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Magician of Chaos's effect activates and destroys a card!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When it's destroyed, I can Summon a Chaos Ritual Monster!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Gandora Giga Rays the Dragon of Destruction ", a cut-in of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, Gigarays Gandora the Dragon of Destruction!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em, Gigarays Gandora the Dragon of Destruction!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Witness Gandora's magical blast! Boundless Gigarays!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Magician ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Silent Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Magician attacks!" followed by "Silent Burning Attack!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Silent Magician negates the Spell Card's activation!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Even if Silent Magician is destroyed, it's soul lives on!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Swordsman ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Silent Swordsman!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman attacks!" followed by "Silent Slash!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman raises it's ATK points!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman can stop a Spell Card from activating!" 
 When Yugi activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "When Silent Swordsman falls, another takes it's places!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Swordsman LV5 ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "Silent Swordsman LV5!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman attacks!" followed by "Silent Slash LV5!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman levels up!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Swordsman LV7 ", a cut-in frame of Yugi's face briefly appears, and he announces "Silent Swordsman is now Level 7!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman attacks!" followed by "Silent Slash LV7!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Apple Magician Girl ", he announces "Apple Magician Girl, appear!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Apple Magician Girl!" 
 When Yuhi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Apple Magician Girl is attacked, she summons a friend!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I get to add a Magician Girl from my GY to my hand!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Berry Magician Girl ", he announces "Here's Berry Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Berry Magician Girl, attack!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Berry Magician Girl adds a Magician Girl to my hand!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Berry Magician Girl changes position to call a friend!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Chocolate Magician Girl ", he announces "C'mon, Chocolate Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Chocolate Magician Girl!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Chocolate Magician Girl's effect lets me draw a card!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When attacked, Chocolate Magician Girl uses her effect!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Clear Kuriboh ", he announces "Come on out, Clear Kuriboh!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Clear Kuriboh!" 
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I send Clear Kuriboh to the GY to negate the damage!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Clear Kuriboh from the GY to draw a card!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Gold Gadget ", he announces "Let's go, Gold Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Gold Gadget!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gold Gadget brings along a friend!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Gold Gadget is destroyed, it calls out another Gadget!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Green Gadget ", he announces "Here's Green Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Green Gadget!" 
 When he activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Green Gadget's effect adds Red Gadget to my hand!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Kiwi Magician Girl ", he announces "Here comes Kiwi Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kiwi Magician Girl, attack!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Kiwi Magician Girl's effect from my hand!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Lemon Magician Girl ", he announces "Let's go, Lemon Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lemon Magician Girl! Leave a sour taste in their mouth!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Lemon Magician Girl lets me add this card to my hand!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Lemon Magician Girl is attacked, she'll use her effect!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight ", he announces "Here comes Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight, spear 'em!" 
 When he activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since your monster has higher ATK points, Gaia Lord powers up!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Red Gadget ", he announces "Appear, Red Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Gadget attack!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Gadget's effect adds Yellow Gadget to my hand!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Sentry Soldier of Stone ", he announces "Stand guard, Sentry Soldier of Stone!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sentry Soldier of Stone, attack!" 
 When he activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sentry Soldier of Stone's effect activates from my Grave!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Magician LV4 ", he announces "Silent Magician LV4!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Magician attacks!" followed by "Silent Burning Attack! 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Silent Magician levels up!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silent Swordsman LV3 ", he announces "Silent Swordsman LV3"!
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silent Swordsman attacks!" followed by "Silent Slash LV3!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I raise Silent Swordsman's level this turn!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Silver Gadget ", he announces "Let's go, Silver Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Silver Gadget!" 
 When Yugi activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Silver Gadget calls forth an ally!" 
 When Yugi activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Silver Gadget is destroyed, it invites another Gadget!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Yellow Gadget ", he announces "Yellow Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Yellow Gadget!" 
 When Yugi activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Yellow Gadget's effect adds Green Gadget to my hand!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yugi activates " Chaos Form ", he announces "I activate my Ritual Spell, Chaos Form!" 
 When Yugi activates " Bond Between Teacher and Student ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Bond Between Teacher and Student!" followed by "Dark Magician will inherit Dark Magician Girl's strength!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Burning Attack ", he announces "Dark Magician Girl will destroy your monsters!" followed by "The Spell Card, Dark Burning Attack!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Burning Magic ", he announces "My Magicians will work together to destroy all your cards!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Dark Burning Magic!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Horizon ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Dark Horizon!" followed by "Since I took damage, I can Special Summon this monster!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Magic Attack ", he announces "Dark Magician will destroy all your Spells and Traps!" followed by "The Spell Card, Dark Magic Attack!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Magic Expanded ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Dark Magic Expanded!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Magic Inheritance ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Dark Magic Inheritance!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Magic Twin Burst ", he announces "Dark Magician will inherit Dark Magician Girl's strength!" followed by "The Spell Card, Dark Magic Twin Burst!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Magical Circle ", he announces "The Continuous Spell, Dark Magical Circle!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "Dark Magical Circle banishes one of your cards!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dig of Destiny ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Dig of Destiny!" followed by "Since I took damage, I draw a card!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "Dig of Destiny's effect lets me draw cards!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dimension Mirage ", he announces "The Continuous Trap, Dimension Mirage!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "You failed to destroy my monster, so you gotta attack again!" 
 When Yugi activates " Final Geas ", he announces "Final Geas! Banish all monsters from our Graveyards!" 
 When Yugi activates " Illusion Magic ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell, Illusion Magic!" 
 When Yugi activates " Magical Contract Door ", he announces "By giving you a card, I can activate Magical Contract Door!" followed by "It lets me acquire a new monster!" 
 When Yugi activates " Magician Navigation ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Magician Navigation!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "I activate Magician Navigation's effect from my GY!" 
 When Yugi activates " Magicians' Defense ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Magicians' Defense!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "Magicians' Defense revives my monster!" 
 When Yugi activates " Magic Cylinder ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Magic Cylinder!" 
 When Yugi activates " Metalhold the Moving Blockade ", he announces "I activate my Trap!"
 When Yugi Special Summons this card from the Spell/Trap Zone, he announces "My Trap Monster, Metalhold the Moving Blockade!" followed by "And it'll hold some metal to power itself up!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Metalhold is geared to attack!" 
 When Yugi activates " Metamorphortress ", he announces "This Trap Monster will defend my field, Metamorphortress!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with the Trap Monster, he announces "Metamorphortress! Go on the offensive!" 
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "Metamorphortress switches to Defense Position!" 
 When Yugi activates " Miracle Restoring ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Miracle Restoring!" 
 When Yugi activates " Mirror Force ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Mirror Force!" 
 When Yugi activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "The Spell Card, Monster Reborn!" 
 When Yugi activates " Mystical Space Typhoon ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Mystical Space Typhoon!" 
 When Yugi activates " Silent Burning ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Silent Burning!" followed by "We both draw until we have 6 cards in our hands!
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "I banish Silent Burning to get Silent Magician from my Deck!" 
 When Yugi activates " Silent Sword Slash ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Silent Sword Slash!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "I banish Silent Sword Slash to acquire Silent Swordsman!" 
 When Yugi activates " Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Yugi announces "Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light negates your attack, but I must pay 1000 LP in exchange." 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Yugi announces "By banishing Spiritual Swords, you can't attack me directly!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Yugi Summons " Magician of Black Chaos MAX ", he announces "Descend, Magician of Black Chaos MAX!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Magician of Black Chaos MAX, attack!" 
 When he activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Magician of Black Chaos MAX's effect activates! Your monster can't activate their effects this turn!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Magician of Black Chaos MAX's effect now activates! I add a Spell Card from my GY to my hand!" 
 When Yugi Summons " Marshmacaron ", he announces "Let's go, Marshmacaron!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Marshmacaron attacks!" 
 When he activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Marshmacaron breaks into multiple pieces!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Yugi activates " Dark Burning Magic ", he announces "My Magicians will work together to destroy all your cards! The Quick-Play Spell, Dark Burning Magic!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dimension Guardian ", he announces "My Continuous Trap, Dimension Guardian!" 
 When Yugi activates " Dimension Sphinx ", he announces "Now's the time! I activate the Continuous Trap, Dimension Sphinx!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yugi announces "When your monster has more ATK than mine, you take damage!" 
 When Yugi activates " Eternal Soul ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Eternal Soul!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Yugi announces "Eternal Soul's effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Yugi announces "When Eternal Soul is destroyed, so are all of my monsters!" 
 When Yugi activates " Stronghold the Moving Fortress ", he announces "My Trap Monster, Stronghold the Moving Fortress!"
 Most of the time when Yugi declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get moving! Stronghold, attack!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterpart of  Yugi Muto (DM) . 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DM)  or  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi announces "Kaiba, I'm now ready to fight on my own!"
 Yugi still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for the said Duelists, even though he already has character-specific dialogue for Seto Kaiba (DSOD). 
 Yugi possesses the same dialogue when duelling against  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD)   Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Bakura ,  Tristan Taylor (DM)  or their DM counterparts.
 Starting: "Okay, let's go!" 
 Winning: "Hooray! I won!" 
 Losing: "You did great! I lose."
 Yugi still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for the said Duelists, even though he already has character-specific dialogue for their DSOD counterparts. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy ,  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Kalin Kessler , and Carly Carmine have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Yami Marik,  Espa Roba ,  Aigami ,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Rex Raptor , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/ 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/YugiMutoDSOD-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/231?cb=20200521120308', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/Profile-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200521120102', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/Icon-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200521141853', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/Icon-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200521142321', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/CutIn-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521120126', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Summoning-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521120149', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Defeat-DULI-YugiMutoDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521120214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Icon-DULI-RaidDuelDimensionalDisasterBusterGundiltheCubicBehemoth.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524150433', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters