Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Labyrinth_Treasure_Hunt


 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 
 
 
 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 
 
 Japanese  
 迷宮宝探し 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Shadi 
 
 
 Orchestrator(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Yami Yugi's soul room 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei) Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 14:  " The Man from Egypt (Part 2) " 
 
 
 Episodes 
 5:  " Now Revealed!! Yugi's Secret "  (Toei) 40:  " Aftermath "  (NAS) 
 
 
 
 The  Labyrinth Treasure Hunt [1]  was an event in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga ,  first series anime  and  second series anime , where  Shadi 's search for  Yami Yugi's soul room  was turned into a  Shadow Game .
 In the manga and first series anime, this takes place after the  Egypt Unearthed  exhibition, before  Yugi  is conscious of  Dark Yugi 's (Yami Yugi's) existence. In the second series anime, this takes place under altered circumstances after  Duelist Kingdom  when Yugi is aware of Yami Yugi's existence.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   First series anime events 
 3   Second series anime events 
 4   References 
 
 
 Manga events 
 Prior events 
 Shadi  found the  Millennium Puzzle  in  Curator Kanekura 's office after performing the  Question of Truth   Shadow Game  on Kanekura. As he was leaving  the museum , he bumped into  Yugi . Yugi asked Shadi if he had seen Kanekura and explained that Kanekura's was supposed to be returning the  Millennium Puzzle  to him. Shadi was surprised that Yugi might be the one who solved the Millennium Puzzle, so he used his  Millennium Key  to look inside Yugi's  soul room .
 Inside Shadi was surprised to find two soul rooms; one belonging to Yugi, which was filled with toys, and a more sinister-looking room that belonged to  Dark Yugi . Dark Yugi was in his soul room and asked why Shadi had come. Shadi explained that he had come to learn the power of the Millennium Puzzle. Dark Yugi replied that the power Shadi spoke of does rest in his soul room, but he wasn't going to let him see it that easily and challenged him to a game.
 
 The game 
       Shadi  falls into one of the traps.     
 The rules of the game were that Dark Yugi's true soul room existed somewhere within his soul and if Shadi could find it, he could then see the power that he seeks. Shadi mentioned that when he enters someone's soul room, he can " redecorate ", which can let him control the person and even destroy their personality. He then accepted the challenge. Dark Yugi warned Shadi not to think that the game was easy as it is much more dangerous than he thinks.
 In order to find the true room, Shadi began opening the doors one by one. On opening the first one, a stone pillar was dropped from above, which Shadi barely managed to dodge. Dark Yugi laughed and asked if Shadi gave up. He then disappeared through a wall, telling Shadi that he would be waiting in the true room.
 Shadi continued to search. He understood that the soul was tightly closed against strangers and set to confuse him, but he was determined to find the room.
 Eventually, he found a room, where Dark Yugi was sitting on a throne. He wondered if this was the true room, but as he approached Dark Yugi, the floor under him began to collapse, leaving him dangling from one hand. If he fell, he would be trapped in Dark Yugi's soul forever. However Dark Yugi held out his hand and helped Shadi back up.
 
 
 Aftermath 
 Although he saved Shadi, Dark Yugi still insisted that Shadi leave. Shadi accepted defeat and began to leave. However, Yugi corrected him saying that their game was only beginning.
 Shadi then returned to the museum, where Yugi was still standing in front of him. He realized that he had entered Yugi's soul room with the intention of testing him, but wound up being the one tested. He returned the Millennium Puzzle to Yugi, who thanked him. Shadi insisted that he should be the one thanking Yugi, but Yugi didn't understand why that was. As Shadi tried to explain, Yugi laughed at the idea of there being another Yugi. Shadi realized that Yugi was unaware of his other self's existence, so he told Yugi that he must learn about his other self in order to solve the true riddle of the Millennium Puzzle, which is the duty of the one who solved the Millennium Puzzle. Before parting he told Yugi his name, which he claimed to have never told anyone before.
 Shadi then left, planning to put  Professor Yoshimori  on trial before returning to test Dark Yugi.
 
 First series anime events 
   This section is currently incomplete. 
 Second series anime events 
   This section is currently incomplete. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 13: " The Man from Egypt (Part 1) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 14: " The Man from Egypt (Part 2) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 5: " Now Revealed!! Yugi's Secret " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 40: " Aftermath " 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Labyrinth_Treasure_Hunt.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160701223516', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Shadi_falls_through_the_floor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160703144806', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Shadow Games