Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kiyoshi_Kogami


 
 Kiyoshi Kogami 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese   
 鴻 上   聖 鴻上 聖 こうがみ きよし Rōmaji: ( Kōgami Kiyoshi ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Varis  (son) [1] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Knights of Hanoi SOL Technologies  (formerly) 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 H.D Quinn 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Takayuki Sugō [2] 
 
 
 
 Dr.  Kiyoshi Kogami  ( 鴻 上   聖 ,  Kōgami Kiyoshi ) is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. After being declared dead and his physical body left comatose, he continued to exist as an avatar in the network for seven years, and as a member of the  Knights of Hanoi  with his  son  as its leader. When he was alive, he was known as the creator of the  Ignis  and a researcher at  SOL Technologies . He was believed to be the central antagonist of the series only to die helping his son Ryoken, who would go on to finish his plan and become the main antagonist of Season 1.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Season one 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 His real body has tan skin and wears a grey outfit.
 Inside LINK VRAINS, Dr. Kogami is a tall man, who has fair skin. He has black and grey hair and mustache, and has yellow eyes. He wears a white coat with red outlines, a dark undershirt with red stripe, some black pants and a pair of brown shoes.
 
 Personality 
 Like Varis, Dr. Kogami believes the  Ignis  to be a threat. However, since he did create the Ignis, he has slight regret about destroying them. Dr. Kogami is both calm and collective, and rarely shows any emotion apart from a brief smug smile when  Akira Zaizen  got caught in his trap. Similar to Yusaku, he greatly desires revenge on the ones who wronged him (i.e., SOL Technologies). He is also very apathetic, showing little concern for the six victims suffering during the Hanoi Project or for the thousands of lives that would have been lost from the Tower of Hanoi.
 Despite being the creator of the  Hanoi Project , he is surprisingly sympathetic and somewhat human. He regrets not being there for his son Varis while growing up and is trying to destroy the Ignis because he thinks it is what is needed to be done for the greater good, selflessly sacrificing himself for his son. Varis understood his motivations which kept him going to finish what he started. Given that  Lightning  did turn on humanity as he predicted, Kogami ultimately did hold humanity's best interests at heart, despite taking extreme measures.
 
 Abilities 
 Dr. Kogami can teleport himself inside LINK VRAINS. In addition, he has superior programming and hacking skills, even helping out his son in dire need from a remote distance. He created the Ignis using a special algorithm and is credited for making the data material control program.
 
 Etymology 
 His name Kiyoshi means  holy or saint  while his surname Kogami can be translated as the  wild goose above .
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Dr. Kogami's real comatose body.     
 Ten years ago, Dr. Kogami, as a researcher at  SOL Technologies , [3]  gave free will to A.I. programs, named Ignis, [4]  through the  Hanoi Project . He had his team of assistants:  Aso ,  Clarissa Turner [5] ,  Dr. Genome [6]  and three other scientists. [7]  With them, Kiyoshi created Ignis, for he feared that humanity would be extinct. The AI would evolve, as Kiyoshi wanted a successor for humanity without aging limitations, [8]  and for that purpose, six children were chosen to participate in the project and were forced to Duel. Kiyoshi believed AI would learn much about humans through Dueling. His son, Ryoken, watched this, and feeling remorse of the children, reported the project to the authorities. [6] 
 When  Cyberse World  was constructed, Lightning ran simulations, at the same time Dr. Kogami ran his on Ignis' future, and warned SOL Technologies of the threat. Since Lightning believed Dr. Kogami would soon learn that Lightning would be the source of Ignis turning onto humanity, he went and corrupted him with a virus, causing SOL Technologies to imprison him. [9]  Kiyoshi was able to finish his project before SOL Technologies infected him with a computer virus to cover up Hanoi Project and attempt to monopolize Ignis. [10]  However, Dr. Kogami was not aware that Lightning infected him with that virus, which made him and his allies believe that SOL Technologies was involved in his demise. [9]  Three years later, Kogami was declared dead. [3] 
 Kiyoshi's son, Ryoken, was waiting his arrival. With the help of his subordinates, Ryoken managed to contact his father, who noted Ignis' progress of creating the Data Material and creation of Cyberse World. Unfortunately, Kiyoshi told Ryoken that Ignis, who would progress, would eventually destroy the world. He believed Ignis would improve humanity's lives, and instead, he saw the AI would eventually supervise humanity. He feared the humanity would see AI as an enemy, a life-form they would want to conquer, and this would also make the humanity as Ignis' enemy. Kiyoshi told Ryoken SOL Technologies knew of this threat, but they only infected him with a virus. [6]  With that in mind, Kiyoshi set his mission to stop Ignis, and formed the Knights of Hanoi, believing that they were savage creatures with the intent of destroying the world, rather than saving it. [10]  While tending to his father, Ryoken began to wonder if his father's statement that the Ignis were superior beings was correct, for they could only evolve as long as they had more memories. [11] 
 
 Season one 
 Dr. Kogami approached Varis in  LINK VRAINS , who was unable to find  Ignis . Kogami promised to make a new program, and suggested they could draw  Playmaker  out and defeat him, then obtain Ignis back. [2]  After their attempt to use  Blue Angel  to defeat Playmaker had failed, Varis wondered how would Dr. Kogami cope with Ignis' destruction. Dr. Kogami explained it was a painful decision, but Varis reminded the importance of destroying Ignis and Cyberse. [12]  During Varis'  Speed Duel  against Playmaker, the latter had Ai conjure a Data Storm. Varis was glad, as this allowed Dr. Kogami to send a card to Varis. [13] 
 Dr. Kogami watched the Duel between Playmaker and Varis, and wished of the latter to take Ignis back. Much to his surprise, Playmaker summoned the " Firewall Dragon " and destroyed the " Fire Prison ". Dr. Kogami was still pleased, as Playmaker had 600 LP left, and expected of Varis to take him down. [4]  Dr. Kogami was surprised how Playmaker wanted revenge for what had happened 10 years ago.  Specter  arrived, noting how scary the fate can be. As Varis returned, Dr. Kogami was surprised how he let his guard down, seeing it was about that incident Playmaker spoke. Varis apologized to him as his father, and as his hand recovered, claimed next time would be different. His father stated that Varis didn't need to think of that, and seeing how they could not retrieve Ai, he went to execute the other plan, and needed time to make preparations for that. [1] 
 Kogami and Varis went to a deep pit where he showed Varis a seed shaped like a data cube, which would grow into a "fruit" that would destroy the whole network, including LINK VRAINS. Kogami then released the seed, which fell into the pit. [3]  Dr. Kogami contacted Varis, informing his son his program would soon be finished. Varis was depressed, and told his father he wanted to confront someone. Kogami sensed Varis wished to face Playmaker and permitted this as long as it did not take too much time. [14] 
 Later on, Akira in LINK VRAINS, ran towards Blue Angel, but was trapped in a cage made of vines. Dr. Kogami appeared, explaining Akira would be infected by the virus that would make one lose consciousness. Akira recognized Dr. Kogami as a former employee of SOL Technologies, who died because of SOL Technologies, but was revived. Akira listened to Dr. Kogami's personal story, and their mission to destroy Ignis. Dr. Kogami explained anyone that is trapped inside the Tower of Hanoi cannot leave, and once the tower was completed, data worldwide would be erased. Akira was overwhelmed by the fact Dr. Kogami would erase even himself to get rid of Ignis. Dr. Kogami deemed it was the only way they had left, and warped away. [10] 
 Just as the tower was nearly completed, Dr. Kogami approached Varis, asking if he uncovered Playmaker's identity. Varis denied, even though he did saw Yusaku's face in a footage. Kogami noted ever since the tower was in place, Varis' interest in Playmaker's identity vanished. Regardless, he reminded Varis that even if the world would see them as criminals that took revenge against SOL Technologies, even with all the victims that would soon be erased, he thought one day they would learn the truth of the danger an AI with free will imposed. Varis noted that they were prisoners of destiny, and the fated, final Duel against Playmaker would commence soon, one he intended to win. [15] 
 When Varis failed to execute Storm Access Skill, the Data Storm stopped. Dr. Kogami appeared to his son, Varis. Dr. Kogami admitted he was not a good father to let his son suffer, referring to him as Ryoken, who never complained. He explained he didn't want Varis involved in any of this, but reminded without him, the world would be in chaos. While Playmaker and Ai were wondering about Dr. Kogami's words, the latter decided to lend his strength in helping Varis to win, all to protect the humanity. Dr. Kogami's essence passed onto Varis, who noticed a glitter in the Data Storm, much like the light of the Stardust Road. Varis went through the Data Storm and obtained a new  Cyberse   monster , but noticed Dr. Kogami's heart was damaged and eventually stopped beating. [16]  Ryoken, in the real world, mourned his father until Yusaku and Kolter arrived. [6] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 12: " Link the Circuit " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 20: " A Piece of the Puzzle " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 11: " Neutralized " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 28: " Bugging Out " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 43: " The Reveal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 64: " The Beginning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 68: " The Doorway " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 98: " Lightning Storm " 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 35: " The Hollow " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 97: " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 8: " A Storm is Coming " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 10: " Eye of the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 22: " The Deleted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 38: " Looking Back " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 42: " Storm Access " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime   characters Six victims of  Lost  Incident 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Miyu Sugisaki 
 Windy's partner 
 Cyberse World 
 Ai 
 Aqua 
 Earth 
 Flame 
 Lightning 
 Linkuriboh 
 Windy 
 Echo 
 Den City 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 MC 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Frog 
 Nathaniel (Isomaki) 
 Pigeon 
 Gore's manager 
 Roboppi 
 Den City orphanage owner 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd (Kengo Dojun/Blood Shepherd) 
 Den City High School  students 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner 
 SOL Technologies 
 Akira Zaizen 
 Bishop 
 Knight 
 Rook 
 Kitamura 
 Risa Hayami 
 Prototype Ai-A 
 Prototype Ai-B 
 Queen 
 King (VRAINS) 
 Kenmochi 
 Yoroizaka 
 George Gore/The Gore (Go Onizuka) 
 Playmaker's faction 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Ai 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Flame 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Gal (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Girl/Blue Maiden) 
 Aqua 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Ryoken Kogami/Varis (Revolver) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Kiyoshi Kogami 
 Dr. Genome 
 Aso/Faust 
 Clarissa Turner/Baira (Kyoko Taki/Baira) 
 Pandor 
 Lightning's faction 
 Lightning 
 Windy 
 Bit 
 Boot 
 Bohman 
 Harlin (Haru) 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Other characters 
 Ryujiro Mizunuma 
 Kiku Kamishirakawa 
 Theodore's grandfather 
 Theodore's grandmother 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Dr_Kogami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170807130509', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/Ep003_Revolver%27s_father.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170525182158']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS characters