Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Controlled_loop

A  controlled loop  is a series of voluntary actions that can be repeated as many times as a player wants. There is no uncontrollable element to these loops and a player can choose to stop them at any time, so they are legal to use, in contrast to  infinite loops , which the players have no control over once they start.
 Some loops that require only a few cards (fewer than 4) to execute have caused cards to become  Forbidden  or  Limited  on the current Forbidden/Limited lists, as otherwise their presence would be detrimental to gameplay.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Examples 
 
 1.1   Quillbolt Loop 
 1.2   Flint Lock Loop 
 1.3   Gearfried Loop 
 1.4   Gate Material Loop 
 1.5   Primal Seed Loop 
 1.6   Wicked Worm Beast Loop 
 1.7   In the anime 
 
 
 
 
 Examples 
 Quillbolt Loop 
 Main article:  Quillbolt Loop 
 This uses the effect " Quillbolt Hedgehog " to  Special Summon  itself by having a  Tuner  on the field along with an effect that Tributes a monster for damage such as " Cannon Soldier ". "Quillbolt" can be Tributed again and again and continuously revived as long as the player controls a Tuner, because " Imperial Iron Wall " prevents "Quillbolt Hedgehog" from being  banished  by its own effect.
 A variation of this loop that does not rely on "Imperial Iron Wall" uses " Plaguespreader Zombie ". Summon both "Quillbolt" and "Plaguespreader" to the field, and Xyz Summon " Ghostrick Socuteboss ", then activate its effect by detaching an Xyz Material (it doesn't matter which one). Then, Summon " Ghostrick Angel of Mischief " by using "Socuteboss" as the Xyz Material, then detach the other original Xyz Material (both "Quillbolt" and "Plaguespreader" will now be in your Graveyard) to add any "Ghostrick" Spell/Trap to your hand. Place the added card back on top of your Deck to revive "Plaguespreader", then revive "Quillbolt" with its effect. This returns to the start of the loop. This loop can also be alternatively used with “Quik-Fix”, “Super Agent” and any of the Link Monsters that require  2 or more monsters for their Link Summon.
 
 Flint Lock Loop 
 Main article:  Flint Lock Loop 
 This uses " Flint " and two " Flint Locks " to pass the "Flint" back and forth. The  Spell Card  " Morale Boost " is used to gain 1000  Life Points  every time an  Equip Card  is equipped. Because no Equip Card leaves the field, the effect to lose 1000 Life Point is never activated. This allows a player to gain an unlimited number of Life Points while the opponent may be powerless to stop it.
 
 Gearfried Loop 
 If a player controls " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", then it is possible to activate " Butterfly Dagger - Elma " an unlimited number of times per turn, by  equipping  it to "Gearfried", whose effect will  destroy  it, at which point "Elma's" effect will return it to the hand to be equipped again. This can easily be combined with " Royal Magical Library " to draw an unlimited number of cards in one turn (causing an easy  Exodia   FTK , etc.). Another option is to combine it with " Spell Absorption " to gain an arbitrarily high number of  Life Points ; adding " Fire Princess " gives an unlimited amount of damage to inflict in one turn on top of that. This loop is the reason why "Butterfly Dagger - Elma" is currently  Forbidden  on the Forbidden/Limited List.
 
 Gate Material Loop 
 By combining " Fusion Gate " and " Chain Material ", it is possible to Summon or activate nearly any card an unlimited number of times per turn, through the correct (and very risky) setup. These loops generally revolve around Fusion Summoning several  Fusion Monsters  by  banishing   Fusion Material Monsters  from the  Main Deck , followed by using said monsters to activate effects or Summon other monsters, then finally Fusion Summoning " Elemental HERO Electrum " to return the originally banished monsters back to the Deck to be banished again. For an example, see  Elemental HERO Gustav Max OTK , an  OTK  that involves Summoning " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max " at least four times in one turn. For further and more detailed examples of possible setups, see  this external link .
 
 Primal Seed Loop 
 If a card is active that banishes Spell Cards that would go to the Graveyard (such as " Macro Cosmos " or " Banisher of the Light "), and there is a " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " or " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End " on the field, then any player with two copies of " Primal Seed " and a  Normal  or  Quick-Play Spell Card  in their hand can activate that Spell Card an unlimited number of times per turn, by repeatedly using one copy of "Primal Seed" to bring back the other copy along with that Spell Card. This allows for an  OTK  with a card as weak as " Sparks ", as well as numerous other possibilities such as arbitrarily high Life Points or ATK. This loop is why "Primal Seed" is currently  Limited  in the  OCG ; it was Limited in the  TCG  as well until  1 April 2014 .
 
 Wicked Worm Beast Loop 
 If " The Wicked Worm Beast " is Special Summoned during the  End Phase , it is automatically returned to the hand. Therefore, if a player has 7 or more cards in their hand in the End Phase of the turn and " Dark World Grimoire " active, they can discard "Wicked Worm Beast", Special Summon it with "Grimoire", and return it to the hand again. Although this has limited value, if the opponent activated " Maxx "C" ", they could  deck out . Similar strategies can occur using " DNA Surgery " and " Cyber Summon Blaster " or " Soul-Absorbing Bone Tower ", the latter of which also works with " Zombie World ". This loop is more easily achieved using " Silent Wobby " with a card that takes control of it.
 
 In the anime 
 In  episode 64  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ,  Syrus  used the mandatory effect of  Hassleberry 's " Ultimate Tyranno " against him, forcing it to attack and destroy " Decoyroid " over and over while the combined effects of " Ambulanceroid " and " Rescueroid " continuously Summoned it back to the field. This allowed Syrus' " Cyber Summon Blaster " to continuously damage Hassleberry until he lost the Duel. 
 In  episode 98  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL ,  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Astral  fused into  Dark ZEXAL  against  Vector , with the latter, who was blinded by rage, taking control. He equipped " Dark ZEXAL Weapon - Chimera Clad " to " Chaos Number 39: Utopia Ray V ", granting it immunity by battle destruction and the ability to  attack  once again with doubled  ATK  whenever Dark ZEXAL took  battle damage  from attacks involving it. He then proceed to attack the higher-ATK " Number 104: Masquerade ", taking the first damage and triggering the first ATK boost. However, Vector  activated  " Extra Hundred " in response to the second attack, preventing "Masquerade" from being destroyed in exchange for letting "Utopia Ray V" attack it a third time. However, by the second effect of "Extra Hundred", each time "Masquerade" would be targeted for an attack from then on, its ATK would become 100 points higher than the attacker's. Astral didn't realize the danger, and continued to attack with "Utopia Ray V" again and again, losing 100  LP  each time, until he was down to 600. At that point, Yuma managed to cancel the fusion and promptly ended the turn, preventing the 500 damage of " Sargasso the Different Dimension Battlefield " from reducing their LP to 0. Had he not managed to, Astral would probably have continued the loop until he lost. 
 In  episode 61  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V ,  Yuya's  opponent,  Chojiro Tokumatsu  had " Flower Cardian Lightshower " on the field, making it that every time Yuya drew a card, he would take 1500 points of damage, so long as Chojiro skipped his Draw Phase. Chojiro also had " Fraud Freeze ", preventing Yuya from performing a Pendulum Summon on his turn. When Yuya had 1000 Life Points remaining and his next draw would result in defeat, Yuya drew " Performapal Rain Goat ", an effect he immediately activated, discarding it to reduce the damage of 1500 from "Lightshower's" effect to 0. Yuya then activated the effect of " Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper " from his Graveyard, because a monster was sent from the hand to the Graveyard. Furthermore, when summoned by this effect, "Teeter Totter Hopper" cannot be destroyed by battle once per turn, but during the End Phase of the opponent's turn, it can be sent to the Graveyard to add a Level 3 or lower "Performapal" monster from the Graveyard to the hand. Yuya would use this effect to add "Rain Goat" back to his hand every turn, thus preventing Chojiro from inflicting damage with "Lightshower", and "Lightshower" won't be able to destroy "Teeter Totter Hopper" due to its effect, creating a loop that can only be broken if Chojiro draws a card, which he did so on his next turn. Had he continued on without drawing, he would have had to continue the loop for an extensive amount of time for Yuya to run out of cards from his Deck, but at the same time would have given Yuya a major hand advantage that could have resulted in his defeat. 
 In  episode 99  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V ,  Declan Akaba  activated the effect of " D/D/D Wisdom King Chaos Apocalypse " against  Jean-Michel Roget , which lets him Special Summon it from his hand by destroying two face-up Spell/Trap Cards he controls, those cards being " D/D Savant Nikola " and " D/D Savant Thomas ". Since "Nikola" was destroyed while it was in the Pendulum Zone, its effect let Declan return a "D/D/D" monster, "Chaos King Apocalypse", on his field to his hand, and then place up to two face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monsters from his Extra Deck ("Nikola" and "Thomas") to his Pendulum Zone. Declan followed up with " Dark Contract with the Swinging Abyss ", inflicted damage equal to the DEF of a "D/D" Pendulum Monster that was returned to his hand. As the DEF of "Chaos King Apocalypse" is 2000, this was enough to wipe out the rest of Jean's LP. Attempting to bypass his loss, Jean re-entered the Duel and took the 2000 LP intrusion penalty. Declan revealed that he would simply use the effect of "Chaos King Apocalypse" to Special Summon it again, triggering the effect of "Nikola", and in turn triggering the effect of "Abyss Pendulum", which would deplete Jean's LP again. Realizing that Declan would repeat this loop each time he attempted to re-enter the Duel, Jean forfeited and fled. 
 In  Episode 133  of  ARC-V ,  Yuri  activated the Ignition Effect of " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " targeting  Yusho Sakaki 's " Performapal Sky Magician " to gain its effects. However, he then chained the effect of " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", destroying "Starving Venom" and gaining its ATK. Yuri proceeded to activate " Flower of Destruction " and " Fruit of Destruction ", with the latter reducing the ATK of "Clear Wing" by 3000 to Summon back "Starving Venom", and the former inflicting damage to Yusho, and reducing the ATK of "Sky Magician", equal to difference between current and original ATK of "Clear Wing", initially 200. As "Starving Venom" was just Summoned again, Yuri triggered the combo by activating its Ignition Effect again. The loop was repeated a total of 5 times, with the damage increasing by 200 points each time, until the ATK of "Sky Magician" dropped to 0 and Yusho's LP to 200, meaning that repeating once more would have caused his loss. However, Yuri instead has "Starving Venom" attack "Sky Magician", defeating Yusho by battle damage. 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film, in response to  Aigami  targeting  Yugi's  " Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight " for an attack with his " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor ", the latter activated his Set " Dimension Sphinx ", targeting "Lord Gaia", inflicting damage to Aigami equal to the difference between the ATK of "Lord Gaia" and a monster that attacked it, provided the attacking monster's ATK was at least double the ATK of "Lord Gaia". Yugi then activated his Set " Dimension Guardian " and targeted "Lord Gaia", preventing its destruction by battle while it remained in Attack Position. Finally, Yugi activated his Set " Dimension Mirage ", and targeted "Indiora Doom Volt", allowing Yugi to banish monsters from his Graveyard to force it to declare another attack so long as it failed destroy a monster Yugi controlled by battle. As "Lord Gaia" was being attacked by "Indiora Doom Volt", a monster with more than twice its ATK, the effect of "Dimension Sphinx" inflicted damage to Aigami equal to the difference between the battling monsters' ATK. Due to the effect of "Dimension Guardian", "Lord Gaia" was not destroyed by that battle, allowing Yugi to activate the effect of "Dimension Mirage", banishing a monster from his Graveyard to force "Indiora Doom Volt" to attack "Lord Gaia" again, once again triggering the effect of "Dimension Sphinx". Yugi then repeated this loop by banishing monsters for the effect of "Dimension Mirage" until he depleted Aigami's LP. 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Gameplay