Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Japanese_regional_Duel_Monsters_tournament


 
 Japanese National Duel Monsters Championship 
 
 
 
 
 The tournament finals 
 
 
 Tournament details 
 
 Structure 
 Single-elimination  (finals) 
 
 
 Location 
 Japan 
 
 
 
 Final positions 
 
 Winner 
 Weevil Underwood 
 
 
 Runner-up 
 Rex Raptor 
 
 
 Third place 
 Mako Tsunami  (anime) 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 The Japanese  National Duel Monsters Championship , known as the  Duel Monsters Tournament  in the manga, was a  Duel Monsters  tournament in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  and  anime  to determine the Japanese champion.
 In the dub, it was referred to as a  Regional Duel Monsters Championship , suggesting it only encompassed a region, rather than the whole country. In the manga and Japanese anime, the regionals are mentioned as being a lower stage than this tournament.
 
 Events 
 The tournament consisted of 200 Duelists and the winner was  Weevil Underwood , who defeated  Rex Raptor  in the finals.  Mako Tsunami  came in third place.
 Maximillion Pegasus  invited the finalists of this tournament to participate in his  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. Unlike other competitors in Duelist Kingdom, the finalists were given rooms in the boat journey to the tournament. The finalists of the regional championship were awarded the card " Serpent Night Dragon ".
 In the manga,  Yugi Mutou  did not take part in the tournament, as he had vowed that when he entered a tournament it would be to face  Seto Kaiba  in a fair Duel. Kaiba did not take part as he was in a vegetative state after receiving the  Mind Crush  during  Death-T .
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 1: " Challenge!! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 2: " The Gauntlet is Thrown " 
 v e 
 Duel Monsters  tournaments Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 United States The King of Duelists 
 Japanese National Championship 
 Regional Championship 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Battle City 
 Fall Cup Duel Project 
 Grand Championship 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Battle City V2 
 Original Tournament 
 Industrial Illusions Tournament 
 Duel Cosplay Tournament 
 Genex Tournament 
 Duel for Jewels 
 Pair Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Atlantis Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 D1 Grand Prix  (manga) 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Domino Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 National Duel Circuit 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Friendship Games 
 Couples Duel tournament 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Arc League Championship 
 Friendship Cup 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Haga_VS_Ryuzaki_-_manga.png/revision/latest?cb=20160402014130']
Categories: Tournaments