Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Monsley_Kingdom

Monsley Kingdom , also known as  Monster World , is a location in the tabletop role-play game,  Monster World .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 
 1.1   Zorc's take-over 
 1.2   Millennium Enemy 
 
 
 2   Locations 
 3   References 
 
 
 History 
 Zorc's take-over 
 In the story of Monster World, Monsley Kingdom lived in peace and harmony, until one day the sky turned black and an evil shadow fell across the land, when the demon king  Zorc  woke from his long slumber. [1] 
 Zorc assassinated the king and turned the castle into a den of evil. [2]  Zorc created monsters to do his bidding and lorded over the people with great cruelty. After many years of Zorc's reign, the kingdom came to be know as Monster World. [1] 
 
 Millennium Enemy 
 This kingdom was used as the setting, when  Ryo Bakura  played the tabletop role-play game,  Monster World . However, the spirit of the  Millennium Ring ,  Dark Bakura  would take control of him and trap Bakura's opponents and other people who crossed him in miniatures for the game, including the gym teacher  Mr. Karita .
 Yugi Mutou ,  Anzu Mazaki ,  Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Hiroto Honda  (and  Miho Nosaka  in the anime) faced Bakura in a game of Monster World. Yugi and his friends played the adventures, while Bakura played the Dark Master, Zorc. Bakura trapped Yugi and his friends in miniatures, while  Dark Yugi  made their dice rolls.
 With the help of Ryo Bakura and some of the monsters, Yugi and his friends defeated Zorc.
 
 Locations 
 While playing the role-play game, the predominant locations in the kingdom were the village, the forest and Zorc's castle.
 At the village was a tavern. On the tabletop game, the inside of the tavern was accessed by lifting-up the model of the village. Mr. Karita was forced to play the role of Villager "D" in there.
 At the forest, Zorc prepared an ambush for the adventurers.
 The castle was the former home of the king, until Zorc took over. The adventurers battled Zorc here.
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!  Volume 6:  Monster Fight  - Bonus Monster World Battle Game 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 51: " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 
 
 v e 
 Monster World Characters 
 Adventurers 
 Anzu 
 Hiroto (Honda) 
 Joey (Jonouchi) 
 Miho 
 Yugi 
 Dark Masters 
 Zorc 
 
 Monsters 
 Beega 
 Dragon 
 Gargoyle 
 Goblin 
 Pao (Zorc Arm Dragon) 
 Pokii 
 Zorc Arm Eyeball 
 Other NPCs 
 Bakura 
 Barman 
 Villager D 
 
 Locations 
 Forest 
 Monsley Kingdom 
 Village 
 Zorc Castle 
 Chapters 
 " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 Episodes 
 " A New Development - Attack of the Handsome Boy " 
 " Rival Clash - The Greatest Crisis " 
 " Friendship - From Legend to Myth " 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 Other 
 Dark Bakura and Yugi's group's  Monster World  game 
 Double hit 
 Land mine 
 
 Category:  Monster World 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Locations, Monster World