Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_206


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 206 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 千年アイテム誕生の秘密 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sennen Aitemu Tanjō no Himitsu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Secret of the Creation of the Millennium Items 
 
 
 English 
 Village of Lost Souls 
 
 
 Number 
 206 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 26, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 3, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " 
 " A Reversal of Fortune " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   The Fall of Aknadin 
 1.2   A Dark Day at Kul Elna 
 1.3   The Creation of the Millennium Items 
 1.4   Thief King Bakura vs. The Pharaoh, or: "Diabound" vs. "Slifer the Sky Dragon" 
 
 
 2   Trivia 
 3   Featured monsters 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Fall of Aknadin 
 Thief King Bakura  just overpowered  Aknadin  inside Aknadin's Wedge Temple. He now reveals his plan to make him his servant, using the power of the  Millennium Ring . Just as he says these words, his hand move towards Aknadin's  Millennium Eye  as if he were about to remove it. 
 Meanwhile,  Shimon Muran  enters the throne room and announces to the  Pharaoh  a village along the Nile has just been attacked. They then both witness a flash coming from Aknadin's Wedge Temple.
 As  Priest Seto ,  Karim , and  Shada  arrive at the Wedge Temple, they find  Aknadin . His  Millennium Eye  is still in place, but Aknadin is wounded. (NOTE: in the the original anime, Aknadin's  Millennium Eye  is also still in place, but there are traces of blood all around it. The blood is removed in the dub). 
 Outside, Bakura escapes using the power of " Diabound " to overpower the guards. The  Pharaoh  is hot on his trail, and Summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon " to come to his aid. 
 A Dark Day at Kul Elna 
 Meanwhile back at the palace, a wounded  Aknadin  lies on his bed. We are taken to a vision of his past, during the time where the previous Pharaoh, King  Aknamkanon , was in power (15 years ago).
 A guard announces: " Pharaoh Aknamkanon , here is a report. The armies of the enemy keep on advancing relentlessly. Our defense lines have collapsed one after the other.". In the best-case scenario, they can hold for one more week with their remaining armies.
 If the enemy were to lay hands on the " Millennium Spellbook ", it would bring about the destruction of the world (" It is said that whomever deciphers the book's ancient texts would be able to control both Gods and Demoniac Beasts ").
 A much younger  Aknadin  reports that they have managed to translate  one  of the book's spells: "The Alchemy of the Dark". It would allow to forge 7 treasures, 7  Millennium Items  possessing mysterious powers. They could triumph over the invaders and bring peace to Egypt. Aknadin has already arranged everything, so  Aknamkanon  gives him the green light to proceed with it despite his mistrusting, knowing that they have no other choice.
 At this time, it is also revealed that  Aknamkanon  and  Aknadin  are in fact  brothers  (Aknamkanon: " I am relying on you, Aknadin. My younger brother! "). 
 Before he departs,  Aknadin  is shown talking to a young woman with a small child. " I am sorry. In order to save our kingdom I must seal our connections. I am ready to throw my title of the Pharaoh's younger brother. There is no choice but to toss all of the past away, including you and Seto. Go live in another city. (...) Tell Seto that his father died in battle as an anonymous soldier (...) Farewell, my wife and Seto... ".
 As he prepares his soldiers for his ritual,  Aknadin  casts a spell upon them so that they never reveal the truth on what they're about to witness. Finally, he shouts: " We must head over to  Kul Elna !! " and a voice-over tells us that according to the Book of Spells, human sacrifices are needed in order to create the 7  Millennium Items , something which Pharaoh  Aknamkanon  would never approve. 
 The Creation of the Millennium Items 
 As they arrive at  Kul Elna , Aknadin announces: " You can see the village of Kul Elna over there! It is a village of thieves who ransack the royal tombs! The crisis of this country is because they have angered the Gods! We must capture them and make them regret their sins! Don't let anyone run away! "
 A montage featuring the capture of Kul Elna's inhabitants is shown, and we are then taken inside the forge where the  Millennium Items  are about to be created.
 Under the eyes of a hidden  young boy , a bright yellow liquid is boiling inside a big cauldron, which is then poured inside a hole in the ground (a cast). Aknadin announces: " The Alchemy of the Dark... It is a ritual of both Gods and Demons. The 7  Millennium Items  were created by sacrificing the innahibitants of Kul Elna. And those who complete the ritual were... " (NOTE: in the original Japanese, we actually glimpse the  bodies  from Kul Elna's inhabitants being thrown inside the cauldron; meaning that it is actually these people's  lives  who are being sacrificed, not just their souls like in the  4Kids  version). 
 As Aknadin's priests break the stone around the forge, the Items are revealed! The ritual has worked. However something emerges from deep inside the earth: it is the Tablet of the Realm of the Dead, and it has 7 engravings on it where the items can be placed. Since one of the priests, the one wielding the  Millennium Ring , fell into the crack, the  Millennium Ring  allows for an evil creature is also released (later to be revealed as " Zorc Necrophades ") to appear although in a ghostly and immaterial form. He demands for  Aknadin  to place the  Millennium Items  in the tablet.
 Aknadin seizes the  Millennium Eye  and activates its power (in the original Japanese, he actually inserts the eye into his eye socket), repelling the appartion. Aknadin and the surviving priest pick up the  Millennium Ring  from the Tablet and the other  Millennium Items  and they quickly flee the underground temple. Since the Tablet has nothing on it, the apparition is forced back into its own dimension. 
 A scene featuring  Aknadin  returning to the city is shown: he is all alone and carries the  Millennium Items  in a bag on his back! His subordinate  Sein  collapsed from fatigue in the way back and died in the middle of the desert, thus making him the only person (besides  Bakura ) to know the secret.
 Shortly after, the enemy armies are about to storm the cities. However they are stopped by the very first  Sacred Guardians , who now wield the 7  Millennium Items .
 The Guardians Summon their  Ka , including " Battle Ox ", " Spiria ", " Winged Sage Falcos ", " Illusion Magician " and... " Exodia the Forbidden One "! The enemy armies are defeated. 
 Years later, a now grown-up  Priest Seto  has just become the new holder of the  Millennium Rod . Despite being not of royal family, he rose to excellence and overcame all the odds to find his way into the Royal Court where, unbeknowst to him and everyone else except  Aknadin , he will serve alongside his father to protect the Pharaoh.
 Aknadin 's memories then end and he reflects upon them. Wounded lying on his bed, his heart corrupted by  Thief King Bakura , he vows to give his son the throne and make him become Pharaoh instead of Yugi's alter-ego. 
 Thief King Bakura vs. The Pharaoh, or: "Diabound" vs. "Slifer the Sky Dragon" 
 Meanwhile outside the palace, the  Pharaoh  and his  Ka  " Slifer " are still in pursuit of Bakura & his " Diabound ".
 Bakura orders his monster to unleash his new ability:  Magic Shock Wave " (stolen from  Mahad 's " Illusion Magician ").
 Slifer counter-attacks with  Summon Lighting Impact . It scores a direct hit, weakening Bakura's monster.
 At this point, Bakura decides to play dirty: instead of attacking the Pharaoh or his monster, he directs his attacks at the city.
 The Pharaoh orders Slifer to protect the villagers, placing itself between them and Diabound's attacks. Then, he seizes Diabound by the tail and carries it to the skies, in order to continue the battle away from the city and keep its citizens out of harm's way.
 However, Bakura activates his Diabound's  Dissimulation in Walls , using its ability to conceal itself and take Slifer by surprise. 
 At this point, Bakura gives the Pharaoh an ultimatum: surrender his  Millennium Puzzle  or see himself & his city perish.
 The Pharaoh takes the Puzzle off his neck, making it seem he agrees to Bakura's terms. However he unleashes Slifer onto Bakura, and Bakura does the same with Diabound onto the Pharaoh. It seems like a stalemate.
 Then,  Priest Seto 's  KA  " Duos " intervenes in the nick of time: they have arrived to bring the Pharaoh assistance. 
 Trivia 
 This episode reveals that Aknadin is the creator of the Millennium Items. This mirrors the modern day wielder of the Millennium Eye,  Maximillion Pegasus , being the creator of Duel Monsters. 
 During this episode, there is a scene in which the Pharaoh races on horseback after Bakura with Slifer The Sky Dragon in the air behind him. This scene parallels back to Dartz's flashback in  Episode 180   of  Season 4  when he first witnesses the Pharaoh. Bakura's face is not seen in Dartz's flashback. 
 It is also possible that the Pharaoh's later battle with Bakura during this episode may have caused the destruction that Dartz claims he witnessed in his flashback. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Thief King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 
 Pharaoh Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 
 Priest Seto Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Duos 
 
 Tablet Shrine Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Illusion Magician 
 Spiria 
 Winged Sage Falcos 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Yugioh206.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121104033832']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes