Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Skip_Boyle.png

For other versions of this character, see  Skip Boyle (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 
 Other names  
 Syuzou [1] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 柊   修 造 柊 修造 ひいらぎ しゅうぞう Rōmaji: ( Hīragi Shūzō ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 송수철 KRR: Song Sucheol Translated:  Song Soochul 
 
 
 French name  
 Skip Boyle 
 
 
 German name  
 Skip Boyle 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Zuzu Boyle  (daughter) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Owner of  You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Guts Master 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Tom Wayland  (episodes 1-7) Billy Bob Thompson  (episode 8 onwards) 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 
 
 Skip Boyle , known as  Syuzo Hiiragi [2]  ( 柊   修 造   Hīragi Shūzō ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is  Zuzu Boyle 's father, and owns  You Show Duel School , which his daughter attends.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Chamionship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Skip.     
 Skip Boyle has dark blue eyes and brown/orange hair. He often wears a red/orange jumpsuit with a green trim and red fire design. Underneath Skip wears a dark blue shirt with another fire design. He also wears a white whistle.
 
 Personality 
 Skip is an enthusiastic and passionate person, often using the catchphrase "nekketsu", meaning "fired up", whenever he's excited. He is quite goofy and dramatic at times, causing  Zuzu  to hit him with her paper fan, but he can be serious if the situation calls for it. He takes great pride in  You Show Duel School  and does everything he can to make it prosper. While it seems like he can be desperate to get more students, and receive their tuition to pay the bills, he is a very caring and responsible person, who cares about Yuya, his daughter and the students more than the money.  
 According to  Yoko Sakaki , Skip has the skills to become a Pro Duelist, but believes that winning isn't everything in a Duel. In addition, Skip acts as mentor and somewhat father-figure to  Yuya Sakaki  in the place of his good friend,  Yusho Sakaki .
 
 Etymology 
 His Japanese name "Shuzo" may refer to a former professional Japanese tennis player  Shuzo Matsuoka  who is also known as hot-blooded and energetic like Skip Boyle. Skip Boyle also plays a sport-related Deck (" Guts Master "). Shuzo Matsuoka hosts the "Shuzo Challenge", an annual tennis camp for young children, while Skip Boyle owns the " You Show Duel School " for young  Duelists .
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Skip has a high-pitched voice and has a tendency to use the phrase "fired up" when he is excited.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Skip taking care of a baby  Zuzu .     
 Skip was a professional  Duelist , as well as a good friend of  Yusho Sakaki  and  Yoko Sakaki . Despite his job, Skip managed to balance his time Dueling and raising his daughter,  Zuzu . Later, Skip helped the Sakakis found the  You Show Duel School . [3]  Since Yusho's disappearance, Skip eventually took on the role of Yuya's father figure.
 
 Pre-Arc League Chamionship 
       Skip witnesses Zuzu destroying the  Solid Vision  machine.     
 Skip ran into the  Solid Vision  machine's room when  Zuzu  accidentally destroyed it. Afterward, he was in a state of panic, as he bemoaned that his teaching career and the school would be over. He refused to let  Yuya  Duel against  The Sledgehammer , but was excited when  Nico  offered the school the newest Solid Vision technology for free. However, Zuzu smacked him on the head with a paper fan and criticized him for going against his word. Later, Skip, Zuzu, and  Gong Strong  went to the Dueling arena to watch Yuya's Duel against The Sledgehammer. [4]  After the Duel, Skip returned to You Show Duel School, where he saw Zuzu defeat Yuya in a Duel.  Tate  signed up for the school, which excited Skip. [5]  Not long after those events, Skip hosted a Duel between Yuya and  Sora Perse , who claimed that he would soon enter You Show Duel School. Skip chose " Wildest West " as the Action Field, but Sora complained about it because it was boring, so Skip changed it to " Sweets Island ". Sora lost the Duel to Yuya, and much to Skip's joy, enrolled in You Show Duel School. [6] 
 Soon after that, Skip was teaching his six students more about Duel Monsters. He was surprised when Zuzu asked him if he could teach You Show Duel School how to Xyz Summon. Skip responded that Xyz summoning was too complicated for him to teach. [7]  Later on, Henrietta Akaba arrived at You Show, blaming Yuya for Sylvio's injuries. Skip said that Yuya wouldn't harm anyone and agreed to Henrietta's deal: if LID defeated You Show, it would belong to LID, and vice versa. Skip chose " Cosmic Sanctuary " for Yuya and  Dipper 's Duel, [7]  resulting in a embarrassment for Skip, because Dipper would thrive in the Duel's Action Field. Skip was near the Solid Vision machine and loudly asked Yuya to pardon his foolish act. Skip was happy that Yuya won the Duel, [8]  and got disappointed when his daughter lost to Julia. Sora refused to Duel Kit, so Gong was Skip's last hope. [9]  Gong tied in his Duel with Kit, causing Skip to worry about You Show's future. [10]  He witnessed Yuya Duel Declan and was surprised to see the LID president Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, and even Pendulum Summon, stating that none of those Summoning types were in Declan's profile. [11]  Skip's worry returned when Yuya's Duel was stopped but was relieved that Henrietta and the other LID members left. [12]  Skip soon after had a serious talk with an upset Yuya and playfully mocked that Yuya now wasn't the only person who had Pendulum skills, which angered the girls. Skip and Yuya Dueled. During the match, Skip managed to take control of Yuya's Pendulum monsters for a short while, but lost. He was glad that Yuya finally got back to being his normal self, not before playing dead and being whacked by Zuzu for it. [1] 
 Skip later found out that Zuzu was taking Fusion lessons from Sora and got upset, assuming that she thought that her father's Dueling teachings weren't good enough for her. He told her about her bracelet after hearing her get upset about it. Skip had no idea why Zuzu got upset when she got home.  [13]  Afterward Skip threw cards on the ground, one by one. He told Yuya that he had lost his daughter's trust in him. [14] 
 Some time after that, Skip, his You Show students, and Yoko were secretly watching Yuya's Duel against Gong. Skip accidentally spoke loudly at one point during the match, so Sora told him to be more quiet since they did not want Yuya to find out that they were watching the Duel, leaving Skip embarrassed. He was later shocked to see Gong Synchro Summon and was happy when Yuya won. [15] [16] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Skip told his students that he was very proud of their skills. He told them in which groups they would participate during the championship, but they left after hearing him talk too much, something Skip was oblivious to. He and the You Show students traveled to the Paradise City stadium to watch the Arc League Championship. [17] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  appeared in a dimensional rift, Skip tried to keep  Allie ,  Frederick , and  Tate  calm. [18]  He and the kids spotted  Gong  Dueling through the rift, and Skip wondered if the invasion from the  Fusion Dimension  had finally started. He worried about Gong when " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " destroyed all of his monsters. [19]  Skip quickly became worried about  Zuzu , and when he saw a  monster that resembled  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", he wondered whether it had a connection to  Yuya . He was surprised when "Odd-Eyes" protected the  huge dragon , and when the rift that they were watching the Duel through expanded and transported  Paradise City  to the Fusion Dimension. Skip then noticed people in the air. [20]  When Z-ARC claimed that he was the true founder of  Pendulum Summoning , Skip protested that Yuya performed the first Pendulum Summon. Skip was worried when Z-ARC almost defeated Declan and surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed him. When  Riley  activated " En Flowers ", Skip and the others watched as flowers appeared around them. [21] 
 Following Z-ARC's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Skip lost of his memories of Zuzu and people from  other dimensions . When Yuya arrived three minutes late at  You Show Duel School , Skip smacked him with Zuzu's fan, but he found himself unable to remember why or why he had it, eventually deciding that it always happened to Yuya, before ordering Yuya to Duel Tate, Allie, and Frederick. Skip interrupted the Duel with an invitation from Declan for Yuya to the  Junior Arc League Championship  and he quickly sent Yuya off. While the kids went to watch Yuya's Duel, Skip remained behind examining Zuzu's fan and trying to remember the name of the fruit sculpted on the pommel. [22]  Eventually giving up and deciding to watch Yuya's Duel, he went to store the fan in a storage room, but as he was about to open the door he remembered Zuzu shouting at him to knock, and he realized that it was Zuzu's room. His memories of Zuzu restored, he went to the stadium and wrenched  Nico Smiley 's microphone away, informing Yuya and everyone else that Zuzu was missing. [23]  All of Skip's memories then returned when Yuya mentioned Z-ARC's name and learned that the reason for reenacting the Arc League Championship was to return Riley's smile and save the world through Yuya's  Dueltaining . He then watched  Yoko  try to motivate Yuya, but to no avail and watched the remainder of the Duel. Skip applaud and cried for Yuya's victory. [24] 
 He is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with  Gong ,  Sylvio ,  Aura , Yoko and his students. When Yuya announced his fear of harming Zuzu should he Summon the  Four Dimension Dragons , Skip mused on the possibility and wondered if Yuya was right. He was quite shocked by Yoko's enthusiastic encouragement of Yuya. [25] 
 
 Deck 
 Skip uses a  " Guts Master " Deck , which focuses on  Swarming  and forcing his opponent to play with their hand revealed. A key focus of his monsters is that their effects require them to be in  Attack Position  to be applied.
 
 
 Guts Master Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guts Master Fire  x2 
 Guts Master Heat  x2 
 Guts Master Red Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Exchanging Notes 
 Go Go Guts! 
 Traps 
 Full Throttle Soul 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Haniwa [Notes 1] 
 The Statue of Easter Island [Notes 1] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 14 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   "TV Tokyo Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Characters" . April 5, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_5.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 6: " Toying Around: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 18: " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 20: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in his  hand  while practicing  drawing  in  episode 21 . 
 
 
 v e 
Skip Boyle (Shuzo Hiragi) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/Skip_Boyle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140601115258', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/FullSkipBoyle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150406105517', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Skip_and_Baby_Zuzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150426154131', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Yuzu_What_Did_You_Do.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150208224255']
Categories: Characters, Skip Boyle pages, Stubs, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters