Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Alexis_Rhodes_(Duel_Links)


 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 天上院明日香 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Alexis Rhodes Deck Cyber Girls Cyber Angel Machine Angel Ascension Machine Angel Judgement 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Anna Morrow 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Sanae Kobayashi 
 
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Alexis Rhodes , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 She only appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 10 of Duel World (GX) and can be unlocked as a playable character starting at Stage 11.
 Blue  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Alexis Rhodes at the  Gate .
 The  special event  Alluring Alexis has Alexis use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Unlock Missions 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Character 
 5.2   Opponent 
 
 5.2.1   Level 10 
 5.2.2   Level 20 
 5.2.3   Level 30 
 5.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.3   Alluring Alexis 
 
 5.3.1   Level 30 
 5.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.4   Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 5.4.1   Neos Cup 
 
 
 5.5   Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event)  
 
 5.5.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 5.6   Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 
 5.6.1   Level 20 
 5.6.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 7   Duel rewards 
 8   Skills 
 9   Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Character-specific 
 9.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 10   Unused Dialogue 
 11   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Even among the best Duelists in Obelisk Blue, Alexis stands at the top of her class. Though she's popular among the boys, her one true love is Dueling. She's not only an expert at Fusion and Ritual Summons, but her Cyber Ladies are always ready to kick up the competition.
 
 Biography 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Profile (Society of Light) 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Perform Ritual Summon(s) 3 times.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Win a victory against Lvl 20 Alexis Rhodes 1 time.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Collect 5 WATER-attribute Monster Card(s).
 
 20 R Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 30 Stone of Water 
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Alexis Rhodes Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater 
 Dancing Elf  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x3 
 Orion the Battle King  x2 
 Petit Angel  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Tutu  x3 
 Etoile Cyber Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Cyber Girls Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dancing Elf  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x3 
 Orion the Battle King  x2 
 Petit Angel  x3 
 Wing Egg Elf  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Tutu  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Cyber Angel Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater  x3 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x3 
 Orion the Battle King  x2 
 Wing Egg Elf  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Tutu  x3 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 A Rival Appears! 
 Level 30 
 
 Cyber Angel Ascension Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Lizard  x3 
 Blade Skater  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 
 Mind on Air  x2 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten 
 Cyber Angel Idaten Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe  x2 
 Level 40 
 Original Deck
 
 
 Cyber Angel Judgement Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gemini Elf  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast  x3 
 Cyber Petit Angel  x2 
 Cyber Prima 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten 
 Cyber Angel Dakini 
 Cyber Angel Idaten Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Big Bang Shot 
 Machine Angel Ritual  x3 
 Ritual Sanctuary  x2 
 Traps 
 Spell Shield Type-8 
 From November 6, 2017 onward, Alexis's Deck was updated to conform to the  November 2017 Lists 
 
 
 Cyber Angel Judgement Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gemini Elf  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast  x3 
 Cyber Petit Angel  x2 
 Cyber Prima 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten 
 Cyber Angel Dakini 
 Cyber Angel Idaten Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Big Bang Shot 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual  x2 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Ritual Sanctuary  x2 
 Traps 
 Spell Shield Type-8 
 Alluring Alexis 
 Level 30 
 
 Cyber Angel Ascension Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast 
 Cyber Petit Angel 
 Cyber Prima 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten  x3 
 Cyber Angel Idaten Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Big Bang Shot 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual  x2 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Merciful Machine Angel 
 Ritual Sanctuary 
 Sprite's Blessing  x2 
 Traps 
 Spell Shield Type-8 
 Level 40 
 
 Cyber Angel Genesis Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gemini Elf  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Dakini 
 Cyber Angel Izana  x2 
 Cyber Angel Benten  x2 
 Cyber Angel Idaten  x2 Spells  (8) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual  x2 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Merciful Machine Angel  x2 
 Ritual Sanctuary 
 Sprite's Blessing  x2 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 Spell Shield Type-8 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Neos Cup 
 
 Cyber Fusion Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater  x3 
 X-Saber Anu Piranha  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast  x2 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Fusion Gate  x2 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe  x2 
 Hallowed Life Barrier 
 Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event)  
 Special Cup 
 Skill: "Machine Angel Ritual: Vrash"
 
 
 Machine Angel Ritual Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Petit Angel 
 Cyber Tutubon  x3 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel Benten  x3 
 Cyber Angel Dakini 
 Cyber Angel Idaten  x3 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Machine Angel Absolute Ritual  x3 
 Machine Angel Ritual 
 Merciful Machine Angel 
 Sprite's Blessing  x2 
 Traps 
 Hallowed Life Barrier  x2 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Tutu Trouble"
 
 
 Cyber Ballet: Act I Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Tutu  x3 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 
 Mind on Air  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Branch!  x2 
 Centrifugal Field 
 Fusion Sage 
 Polymerization 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Traps 
 Desperate Tag  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Cyber Ballet: Act II Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Gymnast  x2 
 Cyber Prima 
 Cyber Tutu  x3 
 Etoile Cyber  x3 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x3 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Alexis Rhodes reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Machine Angel Ritual "
 
 
 4
 
 Blessing of the Cyber Angel ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Alexis Rhodes)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Etoile Cyber "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Alexis Rhodes)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " A Rival Appears! "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Inferno Hammer "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Master of Fusion ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Urgent Ritual Art "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Angel Benten "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Spell Shield Type-8 
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Master of Rites II ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Angel Idaten "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Petit Angel "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Gymnast "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Alexis Rhodes)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Machine Angel Absolute Ritual "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Angel Dakini "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Cyber Petit Angel "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Swing of Memories "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Alexis Rhodes)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Swing of Memories "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Alexis Rhodes, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Cyber Blader "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cyber Angel Dakini "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " White Night Queen "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cyber Prima "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Machine Angel Absolute Ritual "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Cyber Angel Benten "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Performance of Sword "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Etoile Cyber "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Machine Angel Ritual "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Commencement Dance "
 
 
 R 
 
 " A Rival Appears! "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Blade Skater "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Alluring Alexis, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Cyber Angel Izana "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cyber Angel Dakini "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Merciful Machine Angel "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Machine Angel Absolute Ritual "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Spell Shield Type-8 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Inferno Hammer "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Cyber Angel Benten "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Machine Angel Ritual "
 
 
 R 
 
 " A Rival Appears! "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Blessing of the Cyber Angel
 
 Can be used if your  Life Points  are at 2000 or below. Instead of doing a  normal draw , a " Cyber Angel "  monster  is  added  to your  hand  from outside of your  Deck . This skill can only be used once per  Duel .
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Master of Fusion
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add "Polymerization" to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Master of Rites II
 
 Begin  Duel  with the  Continuous Spell  " Ritual Cage " activated.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Master of Rites
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and choose 1 of the following:
 Add 1 random Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. 
 Add 1 random Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. 
 This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Alexis announces "Let's Duel, Jaden! I've always wanted a rematch!"
 When she wins the Duel, Alexis says "I win, Jaden!" followed by "There's never a dull moment when I'm Dueling against you." 
 When she loses the Duel, Alexis says "I lost... Jaden." followed by "You never cease to surprise me. But I'll surprise you next time!" 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with Zane Truesdale, Alexis announces "Let’s Duel Zane! I’ll make you come to your senses!" 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Alexis announces "Why are you always hanging around me? If it's because you want to Duel, just say so. Don't be such a creeper!"
 When she wins the Duel, Alexis says "Sorry, Chazz-anova. Wanna know who I love? I'm in love...with Dueling!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Alexis says "Chazz? Earth to Chazz? He's out of it. I wonder what he's thinking about." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Blader ", a cut-in frame of Alexis briefly appears, and she announces "A true star never avoids the spotlight!" followed by "Cyber Blader, wow the crowd!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Cyber Blader" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Cyber Blader" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Cyber Blader!" followed by "Whirlwind Rage!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Blader, use your effect!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Dakini ", a cut-in frame of Alexis briefly appears, and she announces "Here's Cyber Angel Dakini!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Here I go! I attack with Cyber Angel Dakini!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Angel Dakini's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Vrash ", a cut-in frame of Alexis briefly appears, and she announces "Light up the world with your eternal power!" followed by "Cyber Angel Vrash!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Cyber Angel Vrash!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Angel Vrash's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Blizzard Princess ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "Welcome my favourite lady." followed by "Blizzard Princess!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Let's do this, Blizzard Princess!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Here's Blizzard Princess' effect!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Benten ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come on out, Cyber Angel Benten!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Cyber Angel Benten! Attack!" followed by "Angel Flight!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Angel Benten's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Idaten ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "Check out Cyber Angel Idaten!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with "Cyber Angel Idaten", she announces "Here I go! I attack with Cyber Angel Idaten!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Angel Idaten's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Prima ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "Say hi to Cyber Prima!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Cyber Prima! Reverence of the End!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Check out Cyber Prima's effect!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Ice Master ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "Here comes Ice Master!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Ice Master, freeze 'em out!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Ice Master's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " White Night Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "I'll put you on ice!" followed by "White Night Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "White Night Dragon, roar!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "White Night Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " White Night Queen ", a cut-in frame of Alexis's face briefly appears, and she announces "The freezing conqueror of all the lands arrives!" followed by "White Night Queen!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "White Night Queen, chill 'em out!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "White Night Queen's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Blade Skater ", she announces "Blade Skater, glide on in!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Blade Skater!" followed by "Whirlwind Slasher!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Blizzard Dragon ", she announces "Fly here, Blizzard Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blizzard Dragon, turn 'em into an ice-cube!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Blizzard Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cold Enchanter ", she announces "This card is just what I need, Cold Enchanter!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Cold Enchanter!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cold Enchanter's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Petit Angel ", she announces "Flutter to the field, Cyber Petit Angel!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Cyber Petit Angel!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Petit Angel's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Gymnast ", she announces "Jump on in, Cyber Gymnast!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Cyber Gymnast! Flip 'em apart!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Gymnast's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Tutu ", she says "Cyber Tutu, dance to the stage!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Cyber Tutu, attack!" followed by "Pounding Pirouette!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Tutubon ", she announces "Welcome Cyber Tutubon!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Cyber Tutubon, go say hi!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Tutubon's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Etoile Cyber ", she announces "Etoile Cyber! Rise!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Etoile Cyber!" followed by "Arabesque Attack!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Etoile Cyber's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Ice Queen ", she announces "I call on Ice Queen!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack Ice Queen!" followed by "Cold Blizzard!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Ice Queen's effect activates!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Mind on Air ", she announces "This monster will let me see all your strategies! Mind on Air!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mind on Air attacks!" 
 When Alexis Summons " Petit Angel ", she announces "Come out, Petit Angel!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Alexis activates " Doble Passe ", she announces "My Trap Card activates! Doble Passe!" followed by "As a duelist, I'll do everything it takes to win! Even if that means taking damage!" 
 When Alexis activates " Fulfillment of the Contract ", she announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Fulfillment of the Contract!" 
 When Alexis activates " Fusion Gate ", she announces "The Field Spell, Fusion Gate!" 
 When Alexis activates " Fusion Recovery ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Fusion Recovery!" 
 When Alexis activates " Fusion Weapon ", she announces "The Equip Spell, Fusion Weapon!" 
 When Alexis activates " Hallowed Life Barrier ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Hallowed Life Barrier!" 
 When Alexis activates " Limit Reverse ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Limit Reverse!" 
 When Alexis activates " Machine Angel Absolute Ritual ", she announces "I activate Machine Angel Absolute Ritual!" 
 When Alexis activates " Machine Angel Ritual ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Machine Angel Ritual!" 
 When Alexis activates " Mystical Space Typhoon ", she announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Mystical Space Typhoon!" 
 When Alexis activates " Polymerization ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Alexis activates " Pot of Greed ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Pot of Greed!" followed by "I draw two cards from my deck!" 
 When Alexis activates " Ritual Sanctuary ", she announces "I'll change the scenery by activating the Field Spell, Ritual Sanctuary!"
 When activating first or second effect of that card, Alexis announces "In a Duel, I always give it my all!" followed by "I'll change the scenery by activating the Field Spell, Ritual Sanctuary!" 
 When Alexis activates " Ritual Weapon ", she announces "The Equip Spell, Ritual Weapon!" 
 When Alexis activates " Stray Lambs ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Stray Lambs!" followed by "I Special Summon two Lamb Tokens on the field!" 
 When Alexis activates " The Warrior Returning Alive ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, The Warrior Returning Alive!" 
 When Alexis activates " White Veil ", she announces "I activate the Equip Spell, White Veil!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 When Alexis Summons " Cyber Angel Natasha ", she announces "My beautiful angel shall heal the world! Descend, level 5 Cyber Angel Natasha!"
 Most of the time when Alexis declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Cyber Angel Natasha!" 
 When Alexis activates that monster's effect, she announces "Cyber Angel Natasha's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Alexis activates " Call of the Haunted ", she announces "My Continuous Trap activates, Call of the Haunted!" 
 When Alexis activates " Prima Light ", she announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Prima Light!" 
 When Alexis activates " Raregold Armor ", she announces "The Equip Spell, Raregold Armor!" 
 When Alexis activates " Scapegoat ", she announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Scapegoat!" followed by "I Special Summon four Sheep Tokens in defense position!" 
 Trivia 
 The card for which Alexis has card-specific dialogue, " Blizzard Dragon ", was not used in the anime or manga, and is a reference to her video game counterpart ( Legacy of the Duelist ) using that said card. 
 The inclusion of " Blizzard Princess ", " Cold Enchanter ", " Ice Master ", and " Ice Queen " as card-specific dialogue comes from Alexis's use of those cards in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy ,  Carly Carmine , and  Yuma and Astral  are the characters with the most cards that feature of cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Aigami ,  Sera ,  Prana , Jesse Anderson, Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar,  Blair Flannigan , Yusei Fudo,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Alexis's dialogue for such cards include: " Prima Light ". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Continuous Spell activated:
 Maximillion Pegasus  - It's a Toon World 
 Alexis Rhodes - Master of Rites II 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler - Middle Age Mechs 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik ,  Espa Roba , Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor  - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM) - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion  - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 v e 
 Alexis Rhodes  (Asuka Tenjoin) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/AlexisRhodes-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/305?cb=20171001200008', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Profile-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306174926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Icon-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301163640', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/Icon-DULI-AlexisRhodes2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180305210455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Chibi-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132738', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/CutIn-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314154948', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Summoning-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315173435', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/Defeat-DULI-AlexisRhodes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307145500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/Profile-DULI-SocietyAlexis.png/revision/latest?cb=20190515011226', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Alexis Rhodes pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters