Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Akhenaden


 
 Aknadin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Akhenaden 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Aknadin 
 
 
 Other names  
 Great Priest of Darkness (Great Shadow Magus in the English dub) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Aknamkanon  (older twin brother; deceased) Atem  (nephew) Seto's mother  (wife) Seto  (son) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 High Priest  (formerly) High Priest of Darkness 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 201: " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Book appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Pete Zarustica 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hitoshi Bifu 
 
 
 German voice 
 Christian Rode 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Cesar Marchetti  (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Aknadin , known as  Akhenaden  in the manga and Japanese version, was the father of  Priest Seto  and younger twin brother to  Pharaoh Aknamkanon , thus making him the uncle to  Pharaoh Atem . Additionally, he was the first wielder of the  Millennium Eye  and was responsible for the creation of the  Millennium Items .
 His name corresponds to the real-life Egyptian pharaoh,  Akhenaten , who reigned as the tenth king of the 18th Dynasty. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Creation of the Millennium Items 
 1.2   Millennium World 
 1.3   High Priest of Darkness 
 1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Monster Spirits 
 5   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Creation of the Millennium Items 
       Aknadin lineart     
 Aknadin was a chief advisor to his elder brother,  Pharaoh Aknamkanon , and while he loved his brother dearly, he was secretly resentful of his brother for being Pharaoh while he was relatively unimportant. When Egypt was under attack, Aknadin pushed his brother to fight back and protect his people, but Aknamkanon refused on the grounds he wanted peace. Eventually the invading armies grew too close to the palace to be repelled, and Aknadin suggested using a spell from the  Millennium Spellbook  ("Millennium Tome" in the manga) to create the  Millennium Items . Faced with the undeniable fact his kingdom may be destroyed,  Aknamkanon  agreed. It is later revealed in the manga that  Zorc Necrophades  had lured Aknadin (most likely with promises of his legacy obtaining the throne from his brother) to translate the Millennium Tome (hence the Shadow Alchemy and the events of  Kul Elna ) in order for him to be brought back into the world.
 Prior to heading out, Aknadin abandoned his son  Seto  and his wife for fear his actions would later cause criminals to target them, as well as to shield them from prejudice. That night, Aknadin led a group of soldiers to the village of  Kul Elna , where he ordered the thieves there killed, and their blood collected for the ritual to create the Items (in the English anime, the souls of the thieves are collected, although it is indirectly implied they are still killed). The sole survivor of this slaughter was a young boy named  Bakura . The slaughter was so horrific that Aknadin never told his brother of it, and had all the soldiers he had taken brainwashed so as to forget the incident.
 Aknadin succeeded in crafting the  Millennium Items , but a chasm opened in the chamber where the ritual had taken place.  Zorc Necrophades  rose from the chasm and ensnared Aknadin, presumably to kill him. Aknadin gouged out his eye and placed the  Millennium Eye  into the socket, using its magic to protect himself and repel  Zorc . On the journey back to the palace, all the soldiers but Aknadin fell, and only he survived. Upon the invading army's attack, Aknadin, his brother and five other priests used the  Millennium Items  to hold them at bay and defeat them.
 Aknadin would later remain a member of the Sacred Court after his brother sacrificed himself and his son  Atem  took the throne. Aknadin also witnessed his son  Seto 's rise to power as a High Priest and holder of the  Millennium Rod . Aknadin was amazed his son had made his way from peasant to priest despite him abandoning him, and spent all his spare time training  Seto , although he never told him they were related. Both  Seto  and  Atem  were unaware that they were cousins, although if  Atem  knew Aknadin was his uncle or not is not addressed. Despite his outward personality of being loyal to the pharaoh and his kindness and mercy to criminals, Aknadin's inner jealousy caused him to desire Seto becoming the pharaoh more than anything else, and Aknadin would in truth despise his brother and nephew, who took the kingship that Aknadin desired for himself and his son. Despite the extremes he took, he did end up getting his wish, but ironically it came from Atem's own will and generosity. It is assumable that Aknadin was very happy about this and that his anger, envy and corruption, was finally laid to rest, since he no longer had a reason to feel those emotions.
 
 Millennium World 
 In the Millenium World arc, when  Thief King Bakura  attacked the Royal Palace and accused  Atem 's father of slaughtering his village, the Sacred Court denied such claims, but Aknadin was horrified to realize  Bakura  must have survived the destruction, and as a result of the rage and evil that surely had taken root in him, the power of his  Ka  " Diabound " would be nearly limitless. Using the power of his  Millennium Ring  to get past the guards,  Bakura  would later attack Aknadin at the palace itself, and promise him Aknadin's dark side would be brought out. 
 Aknadin's jealousy towards his brother is exposed by  Zorc  and he eventually becomes convinced that his son should be Pharaoh instead. In an act that would ultimately lead to  Atem 's defeat (but not death), he attacked the stone tablet that housed  Slifer the Sky Dragon , weakening it for  Bakura  to defeat it and cast  Atem  into a chasm.
 Aknadin then had several prisoners, including the young girl  Kisara , taken to a secret underground arena where he made them battle each other using their Ka. When  Seto  found him, Aknadin explained he ( Seto ) would be the next Pharaoh, and he was simply doing his duty to him by creating an army for him: by having the prisoners fight, their evil souls grew stronger and their ka more deadly. When Aknadin ordered  Kisara  to battle,  Seto  stepped in to save her at the risk of his own life, refusing to let Aknadin kill her or to extract her Ka, the  White Dragon .
 Aknadin accompanied the attack on  Kul Elna , where he and Priest  Shada  found the tablet for  Bakura 's Ka  Diabound . When  Shada  attempts to tell the other priests, Aknadin knocks him unconscious and takes his  Millennium Key . During this time,  Bakura  had been defeated by  Atem ,  Mahado  ( Mahad  in the English anime) and  Mana . Overseeing the events,  Yami Bakura  used a talisman to freeze time, while Aknadin collected the remaining  Millennium Items  from the incapacitated priests and placed them in the  Millennium Stone  to resurrect the Dark God  Zorc Necrophades .
 
 High Priest of Darkness 
       Dark Priest Zorc lineart     
 Upon his resurrection,  Zorc Necrophades  granted Aknadin a portion of his power, transforming him into the " Great Shadow Magus " (" High Priest of Darkness " in the manga and Japanese anime).
 
         Dark Priest Zorc lineart2     
 Aknadin then proceeded to tell  Seto  of his royal lineage, encouraging him to join him and rule the world with him and  Zorc .  Seto  refused, and Aknadin attacked, only to be repelled when  Hassan  stepped in to protect Atem and the other Priests. During this time  Yami Bakura  used the power of the  Millennium Items  to revive  Bakura  and  Diabound , who distracted the priests while Aknadin drew  Seto  into a portal to appear at the palace, where he had also teleported  Kisara .  Seto  protected  Kisara  once again, and  Kisara  responded in kind by calling forth the  White Dragon  to battle Aknadin.
 
         Akhenaden as " Dark Priest Zorc ", corrupted by  Zorc Necrophades     
         Akhenaden dying     
 Aknadin sealed the  White Dragon  in stone before killing  Kisara  herself ( Kisara 's spirit is sealed with the  White Dragon  in the English dub).  Seto  responded by summoning the  White Dragon  himself to strike down Aknadin before stabbing him and killing him. Aknadin sent his spirit into  Seto , and controlled him to attack  Atem  who had just arrived.  Atem  was overpowered, but the spirit of  Kisara  in the form of the  White Dragon  entered  Seto 's mind, where she killed Aknadin for good (in the English dub, Aknadin is sent to the  Shadow Realm ).  
 
         Pharaoh Atem 's spirit enters the Spirit World. Aknadin is the third from the right.     
 At the end of the ceremonial battle, Aknadin is seen as one of the souls waiting for  Atem  in the after life. Because of this it is presumed that Aknadin saw what Atem did for Seto by giving him the throne and forgives Atem as well as his older brother.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In the English dub, after losing to  Jaden ,  Mr. Stein  quoted Aknadin's words to  Atem ; but before ending them he was interrupted, so the quoted sentence remained unfinished. ( He, who sits on high, has the furthest of all.. . The full quote is most likely "He who sits on high has the furthest of all to fall.) [1] 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , Aknadin appears as one of three  priests  who seal  Tragoedia  after  judging him .
 
 Abilities 
 As the wielder of the  Millennium Eye , Aknadin was granted access to a number of different abilities, such as initiating  Shadow Games  and summoning spirit monsters known as  Ka , as well as being able to see into an opponent's mind. The Eye also had the ability to cast illusions and served to protect Aknadin from harm. 
 When  Zorc Necrophades  was resurrected using the  Millennium Items , the dark being granted Aknadin a portion of his power, transforming him into the " High Priest of Darkness ". With this newfound power, Aknadin was able to project dark energy blasts, open portals, and extract a person's  Ka  and seal them away (such as when he attempted to extract the  White Dragon  from  Kisara  and give it to Seto), as well as infiltrate people's minds, placing them under his control. The Millennium Eye, despite being used in the ritual to resurrect Zorc, was later revealed to have still been in Aknadin's possession during this time, so it can be presumed that Aknadin still had all the Eye's abilities at his disposal. 
 
 Other appearances 
 Akhenaden (manga) 
 Monster Spirits 
 Gadius 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 114: " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " 
 
 
 v e 
Aknadin pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Aknadin2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150501120308', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Aknadin_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110930231745', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/Shadow_Magus_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110930231910', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Shadow_Magus_lineart2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110930231955', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/GreatPriestofDarkness.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090908010302', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Aknadindead.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130929152633', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Pharaoh-Entering-Spirit-World.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090924073857', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Akhenaden_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20091119172530', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Aknadin pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters