Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_063


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 063 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 転 生 する 炎 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tensei Suru Honō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Reincarnating Flame 
 
 
 English 
 Scare Tactics 
 
 
 Number 
 063 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 8, 2018 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 29, 2019 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " BOY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Maekawa Atsushi 
 
 
 Director 
 Mutou Kimiharu 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Sunaga Tsukasa 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kawamura Yuya, Ebara Yuko 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fearing the Worst " 
 " The Beginning " 
 
 
 
 

" Scare Tactics ", known as " Reincarnating Flame " in the original version is the sixty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on August 8, 2018. It aired on December 29, 2019 on Teletoon.
 The Shepherd  has searched through  Soulburner's  memories and discovered his weakness. Shepherd then uses his vicious  Drone  combo to overwhelm Soulburner and drive him into a corner. Can Soulburner overcome his weakness and win this  Duel ...?!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Soulburner vs. The Shepherd 
 2.2   Playmaker vs. Yoroizaka 
 2.3   Flashback: Theodore Hamilton vs. Ridley 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Mistakes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Playmaker's  Speed Duel  against the other bounty hunter begins. Playmaker's opponent sets up his board, and tells  Ai  that Playmaker can do nothing at all. Meanwhile, The Shepherd takes advantage of Soulburner's irrational fear to destroy his monster, then attack him directly. Before Shepherd can claim victory with his third attack, Soulburner springs into action with a hand trap that cuts his damage and keeps him in the game on 200 Life Points. Shepherd reminds him of the  Lost Incident , and delivers a chilling warning. But, he knows he's given Soulburner another turn, and wants him to enjoy it.  Flame  tries to snap Soulburner out of his fear again. Too late, says Shepherd.
 Back outside the portal, Playmaker begins his turn against the other bounty hunter. As his turn progresses, Playmaker's opponent is able to make the effect of Playmaker's monster miss its target, resulting in the opposing " Gouki The Solid Ogre 's" ATK rising to 4700, which shocks Ai. Playmaker continues the duel, culminating in the degenerate " Firewall Dragon 's" bounce that clears his opponent's field and leaves his opponent wide open for an OTK. Once the nuisance is forcibly logged out, Playmaker reports to  Kolter  again and asks about his progress. Kolter says he's found a way and will try it. That "way" fails, as noted by  Emma Bessho  who is monitoring from her own apartment. She is aware of how Shepherd codes his programs, unlike Kolter. Emma is also aware of the hack attempt, but not who is responsible. 
 Meanwhile, Shepherd continues to taunt and torment what he perceives to be a coward pretending to be a hero. Soulburner says that's according to Shepherd, and he tries to focus on the duel. He Reincarnation Link Summons a second time, and tells Shepherd that it's different, because of the effect of " Rising Fire ", which banishes the " Duplicate Drones " masquerading as " Despair from the Dark ", to Shepherd's horror. He was confident that he hit Soulburner's nerve. Soulburner replies that he did - he struck the other kind of nerve. Flame wonders why. Shepherd also wonders why, since Flame himself said "Despair from the Dark" was his greatest fear.  Now Shepherd is angry that he was lied to, and Flame denies that. Soulburner smiles at selling Shepherd a live one. Meanwhile, Emma's cyber-lizard sneaks into the portal and relays Soulburner's progress back to her. Soulburner tells Shepherd that what he saw was real, and Flame adds that he didn't see everything. With that, the flashback to Theodore vs.  Ridley  resumes.
 Ridley saw from that duel how scared Theodore was at "Despair from the Dark" when it was summoned. When his monsters were destroyed, Theodore fell to the floor with his head in his hands, and Flame had to ask if he was okay. Ridley saw that his opponent was begging for mercy, and Flame replied that Theodore shouldn't beg an opponent. Flame reminded Theodore that it's not the monster he was scared of, it's what it represented in his life that he was scared of - the Lost Incident, in which Flame was born out of, therefore he understood how Theodore felt. Ridley let his opponent on good news - that his " Skull Conductor " is destroyed at the end of his turn. Flame reminded Theodore to confront pain instead of hiding from it, no matter how difficult it may be. That way, he would be able to move on from his past. Flame also reminded Theodore that he was not alone, and together, they would "reincarnate".
 Upon hearing that word, Theodore got up and continued the duel. Ridley gasped when the effect of " Tempest Fire " would finish him off. Once the duel was over, Flame congratulated Theodore, having sensed the fire in him. At that point, Theodore knew his Ignis' name, and how it appeared in its real form. Back in the present, Soulburner tells Shepherd how Flame helped overcome his fears, and that Shepherd's scare tactics backfired on the wrong day. Soulburner's next play removes Shepherd's remaining " Drone Barricades " to expose him to a direct attack, but Flame warns of his Set card. Shepherd notices that Soulburner's hesitating again. Is he afraid? No, Soulburner says he's careful. Shepherd merely states that he isn't convinced by Soulburner's overcoming of his fears. Soulburner decides to show him, by launching the direct attack. Before Shepherd can activate his trap, the watching Emma decides to press a button. Kolter is surprised that his hack attempt suddenly worked. Soulburner sees his attacking monster suddenly vanish, as well as Shepherd's Set card, as the volcano area around them disintegrates. Shepherd grunts and leaves. Soulburner isn't aware that the duel has been interrupted, as the ground above him disintegrates. 
 Soulburner finds himself out of the portal that has suddenly vanished, and is joined by Playmaker. Playmaker reports back to Kolter, who logs both him and Soulburner out. The watching Shepherd sees the two disappear from in front of him. He knows someone gave away the key that protected his portal. That someone being Ghost Gal right behind him. He turns around and prepares to fire, determined to avenge the one that got away.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Soulburner vs. The Shepherd 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: The Shepherd 
The first " Despair from the Dark " attacks and destroys " Salamangreat Heatleo " (Soulburner: 4000 → 3500 LP). The second "Despair from the Dark" attacks Soulburner directly (Soulburner: 3500 → 700 LP). The third "Despair from the Dark" attacks Soulburner directly. As Shepherd's monster attacked while Soulburner has 1000 or less LP, Soulburner activates the effect of " Salamangreat Parro " in his hand, Special Summoning it in Attack Position (2000/1000), and making its ATK become equal to the ATK of a "Salamangreat" monster in his GY. He makes its ATK become equal to the ATK of "Heatleo" ("Parro": 2000 → 2300 ATK). A replay occurs and the third "Despair from the Dark" attacks and destroys "Parro" (Soulburner: 700 → 200 LP). Shepherd Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Soulburner 
As Soulburner controls no monsters, he activates the Equip Spell Card " Rising Fire ", Special Summoning a FIRE monster from his GY and equipping it with "Rising Fire". He Special Summons "Heatleo" and equips it with "Rising Fire". The equipped monster gains 500 ATK ("Heatleo": 2300 → 2800 ATK). When Soulburner Link Summons a "Salamangreat" Link Monster, the effect of " Salamangreat Sanctuary " allows him to use a monster with the same name as Link Material instead. Soulburner uses "Heatleo" to Reincarnation Link Summon another "Heatleo" to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Rising Fire" left the field, Soulburner activates its effect, banishing a face-up monster Shepherd controls and as many monsters Blood Shepherd controls or in his GY as possible with the same name as that monster, then inflicting damage to Shepherd equal to the original ATK of one of those banished monsters. He targets a copy of "Despair from the Dark", and banishes three copies of it (Shepherd: 4000 → 1200 LP). As "Heatleo" was Link Summoned, Soulburner activates its effect, shuffling a card in Shepherd's Spell & Trap Zone to his Deck. He targets " Drone Barricade ", but as Soulburner activated a card or effect that targeted "Barricade", Shepherd activates its effect, banishing it to Set another copy of "Barricade" directly from his Deck, which can be activated this turn. Shepherd Sets and subsequently activates another "Barricade". As Soulburner has three or more "Salamangreat" Link Monsters in his GY, Soulburner activates the effect of " Salamangreat Foxer " in his hand, sending it from his hand to the GY to return a "Salamangreat" Link Monster from his GY to his Extra Deck, then destroy a card in Shepherd's Spell & Trap Zone. He returns a copy of "Heatleo" to his Extra Deck and destroys "Barricade".
 "Heatleo" attacks Shepherd directly. Shepherd attempts to activate his set card but  Kolter 's rescue program activates at this point, freeing Soulburner from Shepherd's trap and canceling the Duel.
 
 Playmaker vs. Yoroizaka 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: Yoroizaka 
 Yoroizaka  Normal Summons " Gouki Suprex " (1800/0). As "Suprex" was Normal Summoned, Yoroizaka activates its effect, Special Summoning a "Gouki" monster from his hand. He Special Summons " Gouki Riscorpio " (2300/0). Yoroizaka activates the effect of " Gouki Headbatt " in his hand, sending a "Gouki" monster from his hand to the GY to Special Summon "Headbatt" in Defense Position and increase the ATK of a "Gouki" monster he controls by 800. He sends " Gouki Twistcobra " from his hand to the GY, Special Summons "Headbatt" (800/0), and increases the ATK of "Suprex" ("Suprex": 1800 → 2600 ATK). Yoroizaka uses "Suprex", "Riscorpio" and "Headbatt" to Link Summon " Gouki The Solid Ogre " (2400/LINK-3/↑←↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. As "Suprex", "Riscorpio" and "Headbatt" were sent from the field to the GY, Yoroizaka activates all of their effects, adding a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds three unknown cards. Yoroizaka activates the Spell Card " Gouki Re-Match ", Special Summoning two "Gouki" monsters from his GY with different Levels in Defense Position. He Special Summons the Level 5 "Riscorpio" (2300/0) to the zone the bottom-center Link Arrow of "Solid Ogre" points to, and the Level 3 "Twistcobra" (1600/0). Yoroizaka activates the Continuous Spell Card " Gouki Unity ". As Yoroizaka controls a "Gouki" Link Monster in the Extra Monster Zone, "Gouki" monsters in the Main Monster Zone cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect, also Yoroizaka takes no battle damage from battles involving "Gouki" monsters.
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
 Playmaker  draws " Dual Assembwurm ". Playmaker activates the effect of " Bitrooper " in his hand, sending a Level 2 or lower monster from his hand to the GY to Special Summon "Bitrooper" from his hand. He sends the Level 2 " Stack Reviver " to Special Summon "Bitrooper" (1500/2000). Playmaker Normal Summons " Cyberse Gadget " (1400/300). As "Cyberse Gadget" was Normal Summoned, Playmaker activates its effect, Special Summoning a Level 2 or lower monster from his GY with its effects negated. He Special Summons the Level 2 "Stack Reviver" (100/600). Playmaker uses "Cyberse Gadget" and "Stack Reviver" to Link Summon " Security Dragon " (1100/LINK-2/↑↓) to the zone the top-center Link Arrow of "Solid Ogre" points to. As "Stack Reviver" was used as a Link Material for a Link Summon, Playmaker activates its effect, Special Summoning another Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster that was used as a Link Material for that same Link Summon in Defense Position. He Special Summons the Level 4 "Cyberse Gadget". As "Security Dragon" is co-linked, Playmaker activates its effect, returning a monster Yoroizaka controls to his hand. He targets "Riscorpio", but Yoroizaka activates the effect of "Twistcobra", Tributing a "Gouki" monster to increase the ATK of another "Gouki" monster by the original ATK of the Tributed monster. He Tributes "Riscorpio" to increase the ATK of "Solid Ogre" ("Solid Ogre": 2400 → 4700 ATK). As "Riscorpio" was sent from the field to the GY, Yoroizaka activates its effect, adding "Suprex" from his Deck to his hand.
 Playmaker uses "Bitrooper", "Cyberse Gadget" and the Link-2 "Security Dragon" to Link Summon " Firewall Dragon " (2500/LINK-4/↑←↓→) to the zone the top-center Link Arrow of "Solid Ogre" points to. As "Cyberse Gadget" was sent from the field to the GY, Playmaker activates its effect, Special Summoning a " Gadget Token " (0/0). As Playmaker controls a Cyberse monster, he Special Summons " Backup Secretary " (1200/800) from his hand by its own effect. He Special Summons it to the zone the middle-right Link Arrow of "Firewall Dragon" points to. Playmaker uses "Backup Secretary" and the "Gadget Token" to Link Summon " Flame Administrator " (1200/LINK-2/←↘) to the zone the middle-right Link Arrow of "Firewall Dragon" points to. The effect of "Flame Administrator" increases the ATK of all Link Monsters Playmaker controls by 800 ("Flame Administrator": 1200 → 2000 ATK, "Firewall Dragon": 2500 → 3300 ATK). As a monster "Firewall Dragon" points to was sent to the GY, Playmaker activates its effect, Special Summoning a monster from his hand. He Special Summons "Dual Assembwurm" (2800/1000). Playmaker activates the effect of "Firewall Dragon", returning monsters on the field or in either player's GY to the hand, up to the number of monsters co-linked with "Firewall Dragon". He returns "Twistcobra" to Yoroizaka's hand and "Solid Ogre" to Yoroizaka's Extra Deck.
 "Dual Assembwurm" and "Firewall Dragon" attack Yoroizaka directly (Yoroizaka: 4000 → 1200 → 0 LP).
 
 Flashback: Theodore Hamilton vs. Ridley 
 Duel continues from  episode 61 . 
 Turn 3: Ridley 
 Ridley  Normal Summons " Skull Conductor " (2000/0). "Skull Conductor" attacks " Valkyrian Knight ". As a  Zombie  monster declared an attack, the effect of " Edge of Darkness " increases the ATK of that monster by 100 for each Zombie monster Ridley controls ("Skull Conductor": 2000 → 2200 ATK). The attack continues and "Valkyrian Knight" is destroyed (Theodore: 4000 → 3700 LP). "Despair from the Dark" attacks " Phoenix Gearfried ". The effect of "Edge of Darkness" increases the ATK of "Despair from the Dark" by 200 ("Despair from the Dark": 2800 → 3000 ATK). The attack continues and "Phoenix Gearfried" is destroyed (Theodore: 3700 → 3500 LP). As "Skull Conductor" was face-up on the field at the end of the Battle Phase, it is destroyed by its own effect. Ridley Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Theodore 
As Theodore controls no monsters, he activates the Equip Spell Card "Rising Fire", Special Summoning a FIRE monster from his GY and equipping it with "Rising Fire". He Special Summons "Phoenix Gearfried" (2800/2200) and equips it with "Rising Fire", increasing its ATK by 500 ("Phoenix Gearfried": 2800 → 3300 ATK). Theodore activates the Spell Card " Tempest Fire ", targeting a FIRE monster he controls, destroying as many monsters he controls as possible, then each player takes damage equal to the original ATK of the targeted monster, then destroying a monster Ridley controls with ATK less than or equal to the targeted monster's ATK, and inflicting damage to Ridley equal to half the ATK the destroyed monster had on the field, but Theodore cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn after "Tempest Fire" resolves. He targets "Phoenix Gearfried" (Theodore: 3500 → 700 LP, Ridley: 4000 → 1200 LP), then destroys "Despair from the Dark" (Ridley: 1200 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Soulburner (Theodore Hamilton) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Salamangreat Foxer 
 Salamangreat Parro 
 Valkyrian Knight 
 Gemini monsters 
 Phoenix Gearfried Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Heatleo  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Rising Fire 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary 
 Tempest Fire 
 
 Kenneth Drayden (The Shepherd) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Despair from the Dark 
 Duplicate Drone  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Drone Barricade  x2 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Secretary 
 Bitrooper 
 Cyberse Gadget 
 Dual Assembwurm 
 Stack Reviver Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Flame Administrator 
 Security Dragon 
 
 Yoroizaka Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Headbatt‎ 
 Gouki Riscorpio 
 Gouki Suprex  x2 
 Gouki Twistcobra Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki The Solid Ogre Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Unity 
 Gouki Re-Match 
 
 Ridley Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Despair from the Dark 
 Skull Conductor Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Edge of Darkness 
 Trivia 
 This is the first time Playmaker successfully summoned "Firewall Dragon" by using more than two monsters. This is also the first time "Firewall Dragon" was successfully summoned without the use of " Encode Talker " in the Link Summon. 
 This is the last English episode of a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series to air in the 2010s. 
 Mistakes 
 During the flashback duel between Theodore and Ridley, when Theodore is panicking due to "Despair from the Dark", the cards in his hand have the old backing. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Vrains_063.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180808144755', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Playmaker_VS_Yoroizaka.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180808143742']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes