Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_097


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 097 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 イグニス統合計画 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Igunisu Tōgō Keikaku 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Ignis Unification Plan 
 
 
 English 
 Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! 
 
 
 Number 
 097 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 10, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 13, 2020 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Are you ready? " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshida Shin 
 
 
 Director 
 Fuse Yasuyuki 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Sunaga Tsukasa 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Sung-jin, Kang Hyeon-guk 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " I Know Your Secret " 
 " Lightning Storm " 
 
 
 
 

" Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! ", known as " Ignis Unification Plan " in the Japanese version, is the ninety-seventh episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on April 10, 2019. It aired in English on Teletoon on December 13, 2020.
 Varis  talks about a simulation that predicts how  Lightning 's actions will result in the destruction of both the  Ignises  and humanity in the future. Varis has also gained the upper hand in the  Duel  and summoned a new  Borrel   monster . However, Lightning then uses an underhanded tactic.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Varis vs. Lightning 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Continuing from the previous episode,  Varis  managed to Link Summon  Borreload Dragon  to his field and uses it to destroy Lightning's  Armatos Legio Plumbum Trident . However, Lightning mocks Varis, calling him predictable and reveals that he intended Varis to destroy his card since Plumbum's effect allows it to function exactly like a Link Spell in addition to adding him  Judgment Arrows  that he uses. However, Varis activates his own  Trap Card  that forces Lightning to discard Judgment Arrows, greatly infuriating Lightning.  Playmaker  was impressed by Varis' tactics as Lightning eventually uses his powerful Link Monsters to eventually get back Judgment Arrows and
defeat Borreload Dragon.
 At this point, Lightning begins to get prideful, claiming that "a monkey" like Varis would not be able to destroy it. When a shocked  Ai  asked if that's how Lightning really feels about humanity, Lightning simply tells Ai that the  Ignis  as a whole never needed humans. Ai then said that Lightning talks just like  Windy . Varis then told Ai on the revelation of why Lightning shares a similar personality to Windy; Varis said that  Flame  mentioned how Windy wasn't so "twisted" before and while Ai affirms it, Varis said that his investigation revealed that Lightning had altered and reprogrammed Windy's personality to force Windy to ally with him for the sake of the Ignis Unification Plan since Windy's simulation had no "evil personalities" prior.
 Lightning then admits to the act, saying that Windy was weak and that was the only way for him to be useful for the cause. When Ai got angry at Lightning for such an act, Lightning stubbornly insisted that his actions are still made for the future of the Ignis as a whole. Ai then said that everything Lightning said and has done were all lies as Lightning still said that even if it started as a lie, his ideas is still on the correct path to the future where humanity will be under AI's control and will vanish away entirely and even believed it to be an inevitable destiny.
 Varis then scolds Lightning, saying that if it's a contest of memories, AIs may be superior, but as a species, humanity isn't as spineless as the AIs. Varis goes on to say that humans lived and evolved as creatures of flesh and blood and because of the innate fear of death engraved into the DNA, humans celebrate the limited time they have to chase their dreams. Lightning however, said that those are actually flaws that will never limit advanced AIs like him as Varis said that he will defeat Lightning.
 True to his word, Varis continued on the duel and with the Xyz Summoning of  Borreload eXcharge Dragon , Varis had managed to defeat Lightning's ace monster. As Varis was about to finish Lightning off, the latter, desperate, releases his origin,  Jin Kolter  from his control to the shock of everyone aside from  Bohman . Lightning explains to a surprised Varis that he has merged his program to Jin's consciousness data and if Lightning loses this duel, he will be erased along with Jin as the latter is confused and scared. 
 Lightning then dares Varis to attack him, knowing that Varis will be reluctant to risk deleting Jin's data...
 
 Featured Duel: Varis vs. Lightning 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Varis 
Varis activates the effect of " Borreload Dragon ", targeting Lightining's " Armatos Legio Plumbum Trident " and reducing its ATK/DEF by 500, with Lightning being unable to activate card effects in response ("Plumbum Trident": 2200 → 1700 ATK). "Borreload Dragon" then attacks and destroys "Plumbum Trident" (Lightning: 4000 → 2700 LP). As "Plumbum Trident" was destroyed by battle, its effect lets Lightning add " Judgment Arrows " from his  Deck  or  GY  to his hand and then place "Plumbum Trident" in his  Spell & Trap Zone  as a  Link Spell Card , but it will be banished when it  leaves the field . Varis sets a card.
 Turn 3: Lightning 
Lightning activates the effect of "Plumbum Trident" as it is in the Spell/Trap Zone, letting him return 1 Link Monster from his GY to his Extra Deck and then Special Summon 1 " Armatos Legio " Link Monster from the GY to a zone "Plumbum Trident" points to. Lightning returns " Armatos Legio Decurion " to his Extra Deck and Special Summons " Armatos Legio Centurion " to the zone "Plumbum Trident" points to. Lightning then activates the second effect of " Armatos Colosseum ", sending a Level 4 or lower "Armatos Legio" monster from his hand to the GY, then targeting an "Armatos Legio" Link Monster he controls to Special Summon as many "Armatos Legio" monsters as possible with different names from each other and the monster sent to the GY to activate this effect in Defense Position to his zones that Link Monster points to. He sends " Armatos Legio Sica " to the GY, targets "Centurion" and Special Summons " Armatos Legio Gradius " and " Armatos Legio Segmentata " (0/2000) to the Left and Right zones "Centurion" points to.
 Lightning then uses "Gradius" to Link Summon "Armatos Legio Decurion" next to the Main Monster Zone that "Centurion" points to. Varis  chains  his set " Mind Crush ", letting Varis declare a card name and if that card is in Lightning's hand, Lightning will have to discard all copies of it or else Varis will have to discard 1 card. Varis declares "Judgment Arrows" and as Lightning has it in his hand, he is forced to discard it. Lightning then uses "Segmentata", "Centurion" and "Decurion" to Link Summon " Armatos Legio Magnus Dux " (3000/LINK-4/↑←↓→) to the Top-Right Zone that "Plumbum Trident" points to. Lightning then activates the effect of "Segmentata" in his GY; When it is linked and sent to the GY as a Material for a Link Summon, he can pay 1000 LP (Lightning: 2700 → 1700 LP) to return all of the Link Materials used for the summon back into the Deck. In addition, Lightning can return a card from his GY to the Deck for each of Link Arrows of "Magnus Dux". Lightning returns " Armatos Legio Speculata ", "Gradius" and his 2 copies of  "Sica" from the GY to his Deck and then Varis must choose 1 card in Lightning's GY to return it back to his hand. As it is the only card in his GY, Lightning adds "Judgment Arrows" to his hand. 
 Lightning activates "Judgment Arrows" (↖↑↗) in the Spell & Trap Zone "Magnus Dux" points to. "Magnus Dux" attacks "Borreload Dragon", but Varis activates the latter's effect, targeting "Magnus Dux" and reducing its ATK/DEF by 500 with Lightning being unable to activate card effects in response ("Magnus Dux": 3000 → 2500 ATK). Lightning then activates the effect of "Judgment Arrows", doubling the current ATK of "Magnus Dux" during damage calculation only ("Magnus Dux": 2500 → 5000 ATK). "Magnus Dux" attacks and destroys "Borreload Dragon" (Varis: 4000 → 2000 LP).
 Turn 4: Varis 
As Lightning controls more monsters than Varis, Varis activates the effect of " Boot Sector Launch ", letting him Special Summon " Rokket " monsters with different names from his GY in Defense Position, up to the difference. Varis Special Summons " Magnarokket Dragon " (1800/1200). The effect of "Boot Sector Launch" increases the ATK/DEF of all "Rokket" monsters on the field by 300 ("Magnarokket": 1800/1200 → 2100/1500). Varis then  Normal Summons  " Estrangement Dragon " (1500/1500). Varis then activates the effect of "Estrangement Dragon"; when it is Summoned, Varis Special Summons another copy of it from his Deck to the opponent's field in Attack Position, but it is sent to the GY at the end of the turn. If there is another monster aside from itself on the field, "Estrangement Dragon" cannot be attacked.
 Varis  overlays  his Level 4  "Estrangement Dragon" and "Magnarokket Dragon" to  Xyz Summon  " Borreload eXcharge Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position to the Extra Monster Zone. Varis activates the effect of "Borreload eXcharge Dragon", detaching 1  Xyz Material  to target "Magnus Dux", reduce its ATK/DEF by 600 ("Magnus Dux": 2500 → 1900 ATK) and Special Summon "Borreload Dragon" from his GY to his field, but for the rest of the turn Varis cannot Special Summon or attack  directly . Varis activates the effect of "Borreload Dragon", targeting "Magnus Dux" and reducing its ATK/DEF by 500 with Lightning being unable to activate card effects in response ("Magnus Dux": 1900 → 1400 ATK). 
 "Borreload eXcharge Dragon" attacks "Magnus Dux", with the effect of "Judgment Arrows" doubling the current ATK of "Magnus Dux" ("Magnus Dux": 1400 → 2800 ATK). The attack continues and "Borreload eXcharge Dragon" destroys "Magnus Dux" (Lightning: 1700 → 1500 LP). Varis intends to attack "Estrangement Dragon" with "Borreload Dragon", which would win him the  duel , but Lightning uses  Jin  as a hostage, making Varis hesitate.  
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Varis Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Estrangement Dragon  x2 
 Magnarokket Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Borreload eXcharge Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Borreload Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Boot Sector Launch 
 Traps 
 Mind Crush 
 
 Lightning Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armatos Legio Gradius 
 Armatos Legio Seeker 
 Armatos Legio Segmentata Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Armatos Legio Centurion 
 Armatos Legio Decurion 
 Armatos Legio Magnus Dux 
 Armatos Legio Plumbum Trident Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armatos Colosseum 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Traps 
 Armatos Gloria 
 Mistakes 
 When Lightning summoned the LINK-1 "Armatos Legio Decurion", he referred to it as "Armatos Legio Centurion". 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Vrains_097.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190410140904']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes