Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kozmo


 
 Kozmo 
 Ｋｏｚｍｏ 「 コズモ 」  ( Kozumo ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Farmgirl ", " Goodwitch " and " Dark Lady " in the artwork of " Kozmourning ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 German 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 Italian 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 Korean 
 2= 코즈모 「 Kozmo 」   Kojeumo   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Clash of Rebellions Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Shining Victories Ghosts From the Past 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack 2016 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Kozmo " ( Ｋｏｚｍｏ   Kozumo ) is one of two  TCG -exclusive  archetypes that premiered in  Clash of Rebellions , the other being the " Kaiju " archetype.
 The archetype consists of  LIGHT  and  DARK   Psychic  "pilot" monsters and  Machine  "spaceship"  monsters  who  banish  themselves to  Special Summon  other "Kozmo" monsters. The pilot monsters have a  Quick Effect  to  banish  themselves from the field to Special Summon any "Kozmo" monster from the  hand  with a higher Level, while the spaceship monsters have a  Trigger Effect  to  banish  themselves from the  Graveyard  if  destroyed  to Special Summon or add to the hand (depending on the card) any "Kozmo" monster from the  Deck  with a lower Level. [1] 
 The archetype also includes several effects that manipulate the player's  LP , with some cards requiring the player to lose/pay LP, and some restoring them, similar to the initial Psychic monsters.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Origin 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Kozmo 
 2.2   Kozmoll 
 
 
 3   Support 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Trivia 
 7   External links 
 8   References 
 
 
 Origin 
 The "Kozmo" cards seem to be based on properties from  The Wizard of Oz  and  Star Wars . The pilot monsters are based on characters, the spaceship monsters on objects and vehicles, and the  Field Spell Card  on a location. The Psychic of the pilot monsters is likely a reference to the  Force -sensitive characters from  Star Wars .
 
 Members 
 Kozmo 
 
 
 Monster
 
 Class
 
 Reference
 
 
 English name
 
 Translated Japanese name
 
 Wizard of Oz
 
 Star Wars
 
 
 Dark Destroyer 
 
 Dark Scimitar
 
 Spaceship
 
 Flying Broomstick
 
 Scimitar Sith Infiltrator 
 
 
 Dark Eclipser 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Black Bee
 
 Star Destroyer 
 
 
 Dark Planet 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Wicked Witch's castle
 
 Death Star 
 
 
 Delta Shuttle 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Wild Crow
 
 V-19 Torrent  /  Imperial Shuttle 
 
 
 DOG Fighter 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Wolf
 
 TIE fighter  /  Vulture droid 
 
 
 Farmgirl 
 
 Dorothel
 
 Pilot
 
 Dorothy Gale 
 
 Anakin Skywalker  /  Luke Skywalker /  Mara Jade 
 
 
 Forerunner 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Silver Shoes 
 
 Millennium Falcon 
 
 
 Goodwitch 
 
 Glindol
 
 Pilot
 
 Glinda the Good Witch of the South 
 
 Qui-Gon Jinn  /  Obi-Wan Kenobi  /  Yoda 
 
 
 Landwalker 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Giant spider
 
 All Terrain Armored Transport  /  Homing Spider Droid 
 
 
 Scaredy Lion 
 
 Pavid
 
 Pilot
 
 Cowardly Lion 
 
 Chewbacca 
 
 
 Sliprider 
 
 Spaceship
 
 Ruby slippers 
 
 ARC-170 Starfighter  /  X-wing starfighter 
 
 
 Soartroopers 
 
 Simius
 
 Pilot
 
 Winged monkeys 
 
 Stormtrooper 
 
 
 Strawman 
 
 Formito
 
 Pilot
 
 Scarecrow 
 
 C-3PO 
 
 
 Tincan 
 
 Fer-Blanc
 
 Pilot
 
 Tin Woodman 
 
 R2-D2 
 
 Kozmoll 
 
 
 Monster
 
 Class
 
 Reference
 
 
 English name
 
 Translated Japanese name
 
 Wizard of Oz
 
 Star Wars
 
 
 Dark Lady 
 
 Dark Elphaiber
 
 Pilot
 
 Elphaba  the  Wicked Witch of the West 
 
 Darth Vader 
 
 
 Wickedwitch 
 
 Dark Rose
 
 Pilot
 
 Nessarose  the  Wicked Witch of the East 
 
 Darth Maul 
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card
 
 Wizard of Oz
 
 Star Wars
 
 
 English name
 
 Translated Japanese name
 
 
 Kozmo Lightsword 
 
 Kozmo - Rayblade
 
 Wand 
 
 Lightsaber 
 
 
 Kozmojo 
 
 Kozmo - Energy Arts
 
 Magic
 
 The Force /  Force Choke 
 
 
 Kozmotown 
 
 Kozmo - Emeraldopolis
 
 Emerald City 
 
 Coruscant 
 
 
 Kozmourning 
 
 Kozmo - Epilogue
 
 The death of the Wicked Witch of the West
 
 The death of Darth Vader
 
 Playing style 
 Komzo's main strategy is built around utilizing  Kozmotown  to repeatedly recycle banished Kozmo monsters and reload the hand, while using their monsters to gain  advantage  off the destruction of their cards. Due to the way both the Psychic "pilots" and Machine "spaceships" both banish themselves for their Summoning, it is rare to see Kozmo monsters in the  GY , except due to the effect of  Kozmo Tincan . In this way, Kozmotown can repeatedly reuse the same monsters to allow for easy advantage gain and mass Summoning. Kozmotown can also search any Kozmo card on destruction, including another Town, to repeat the effects and go for an  OTK . While  Emergency Teleport  was at 3, it would be easy to cycle through the Deck, Summon 2-3  Kozmo Farmgirl , inflict damage and search, then use the Quick Effects to mass Summon Machines and OTK. While such tactics are no longer viable, the Deck still has a lot of punch.
 Perhaps the most important trait they have retained to this day is the ability to exploit the Quick Effects of the pilots to Summon  Kozmo Sliprider  and  Kozmo Dark Destroyer  at awkward moments, destroying a key combo card like  Brilliant Fusion . With Dark Destroyer now back at 3, such repeated tactics can wear down your opponent, especially with how awkward the higher-Level Kozmos are to deal with for an opponent who relies on targeting effects, especially when the  floating  effect Summons a Sliprider to destroy a card or even a pilot to bring another big Machine from the hand!  Kozmojo  can be helpful in setting up and augmenting these effects.
 Due to how Kozmotown's draw effect and the other mechanics of the archetype work, the archetype generally performs better with as few off-archetype monsters as possible, but not as exclusively as, for instance,  Burning Abyss . The exceptions tend to be monsters that can work well with the destruction effects of the Machines and Kozmotown to trigger them often.  Fire Kings  have been used to great effect this way in the past.
 Finally, it should be noted the Deck is highly adapt at  Xyz Summoning  a wide variety of Xyz monsters with many Ranks. In particular, the comparatively fragile yet spam-able Kozmo Sliprider is great for making  Cyber Dragon Nova  and hence  Infinity , who can complement the Deck's destruction and disruption with negation and removal.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Kozmo Dark Destroyer 
 Kozmo Dark Eclipser 
 Kozmo Delta Shuttle 
 Kozmo DOG Fighter 
 Kozmo Farmgirl 
 Kozmo Forerunner 
 Kozmo Goodwitch 
 Kozmo Landwalker 
 Kozmo Sliprider 
 Kozmo Soartroopers 
 Kozmo Strawman 
 Kozmo Tincan 
 Kozmoll Wickedwitch 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Honest 
 Hushed Psychic Cleric 
 Juragedo 
 Lightray Daedalus 
 Lightray Grepher 
 Necroface 
 Overdrive Teleporter 
 Psi-Beast 
 Serene Psychic Witch 
 Silent Psychic Wizard 
 Summoner Monk 
 Tuner monsters 
 Esper Girl 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Krebons 
 Mental Seeker 
 Psychic Commander 
 Psychic Jumper Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon  (if running "Cyber Dragon") 
 Chimeratech Overdragon  (if running "Cyber Dragon") 
 Panzer Dragon  (with "Instant Fusion") 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 HTS Psyhemuth 
 Hyper Psychic Blaster 
 Magical Android 
 Psychic Lifetrancer 
 Psychic Nightmare 
 Thought Ruler Archfiend 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Artifact Durendal 
 Bujinki Amaterasu 
 Constellar Pleiades 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus 
 Number 74: Master of Blades 
 Red-Eyes Flare Metal Dragon 
 Shark Fortress 
 Stellarknight Constellar Diamond 
 Tiras, Keeper of Genesis 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Kozmo Lightsword 
 Kozmotown 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation 
 Emergency Teleport 
 The Fountain in the Sky 
 Future Glow 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Infected Mail 
 Light of Redemption 
 Limiter Removal 
 Moon Mirror Shield 
 Overload Fusion 
 Pseudo Space 
 Psychokinesis 
 Psychic Path 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars 
 Soul Absorption 
 Terraforming 
 Instant Fusion 
 Traps 
 Kozmojo 
 Brain Hazard 
 Des Counterblow 
 Generation Shift 
 Mind Over Matter 
 Psychic Trigger 
 Psychic Overload 
 Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri 
 Weaknesses 
 " Imperial Iron Wall " is a solid choice to use against this archetype, as it relies primarily on banishing monsters to Summon more "Kozmo" monsters from the hand or Deck. However, ignoring the presence of generic cards such as " Mystical Space Typhoon " and " Galaxy Cyclone " that may be teched, this card can still be destroyed if the "Kozmo" player manages to Summon a " Kozmo Sliprider ". 
 " Artifact Lancea " will stun a Kozmo deck for a turn, preventing all Summons through banishing your pilots or by destroying your ships. Summons through other methods such as "Strawman" or "Soartroopers" will still work, but unless large ships are banished or strong Psychics in the graveyard, even these two will likely fall short. 
 " Vanity's Emptiness " will greatly slow down the deck for a short moment. 
 " Light-Imprisoning Mirror " or " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror " can effectively shut down their corresponding portion of the deck. 
 " Deck Lockdown " can serve to prevent " Kozmo Farmgirl " and " Kozmo Tincan " from using their search effects, as well as prevent the "Kozmo"  Machine  monsters from using their Graveyard effects to replace themselves. However, it is still vulnerable to " Kozmo Sliprider ", and cannot prevent the draw effect of " Kozmotown ". 
 " Grave of the Super Ancient Organism " can drastically slow this Deck. However, it is still vulnerable to the effect of the Level 5 "Kozmo Sliprider". 
 " Prohibition " declaring " Kozmo Sliprider " can remove the "Kozmo" Deck's main way out for the above cards. 
 Monster cards that can prevent "Kozmo" monsters from activating their effects during the Battle Phase or Damage Step (such as " Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon " and " Number S39: Utopia the Lightning ," respectively) can cripple this deck's ability to keep monsters on the field. 
 Trivia 
 Incidentally, there is also a concept known as "Cosmo" in the  Saint Seiya  franchise. 
 External links 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game Strategy Site : Frontier in Space 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   McHale, Jerome (July 20, 2015).  "Frontier in Space" . Konami .  https://yugiohblog.konami.com/articles/?p=7313 . Retrieved April 22, 2016 . "The Kozmo monsters are split up into two groups: the Psychic “pilot” monsters and the Machine “spaceship” monsters. Pilots can be banished to Summon any Kozmo monster from your hand with a higher Level than the pilot as a Quick Effect, and spaceships can be banished when they’re destroyed to Summon any Kozmo monster from your Deck with a lower Level." 
 
 
   
" Kozmo " 「 Ｋｏｚｍｏ 」 Members 
 Kozmo DOG Fighter Kozmo Dark Destroyer Kozmo Dark Eclipser Kozmo Dark Planet Kozmo Delta Shuttle Kozmo Farmgirl Kozmo Forerunner Kozmo Goodwitch Kozmo Landwalker Kozmo Scaredy Lion Kozmo Sliprider Kozmo Soartroopers Kozmo Strawman Kozmo Tincan Kozmoll Dark Lady Kozmoll Wickedwitch 
 Kozmo Lightsword Kozmojo Kozmotown Kozmourning 
 Support 
 Kozmo DOG Fighter Kozmo Dark Destroyer Kozmo Dark Eclipser Kozmo Dark Planet Kozmo Delta Shuttle Kozmo Farmgirl Kozmo Forerunner Kozmo Goodwitch Kozmo Landwalker Kozmo Scaredy Lion Kozmo Sliprider Kozmo Soartroopers Kozmo Strawman Kozmo Tincan Kozmoll Dark Lady Kozmoll Wickedwitch 
 Kozmo Lightsword Kozmojo Kozmotown Kozmourning 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Kozmo.png/revision/latest?cb=20160730072206']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes