Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Chaos_(power)

Chaos  is an innate power that exists within mankind in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It is said to be the power of desire created for oneself and a force that drives primitive life to keep on living, to protect others, as well as the heart's ability to keep hoping. [1]  As such, the power of Chaos is typically found in humans and  Barians . Furthermore, its existence is what led to the creation of  Barian World  as any soul with such power was banished to that place. 
 According to  Eliphas , Chaos also gives way to create negativity such as hatred and malice and can create suffering to those that misuse it. [2]  It is known to corrupt the denizens of  Astral World  with darkness just as  Astral  was brainwashed by  Vector  into giving into his inner Chaos, [3]  causing Astral's body to start degenerating and threatening his life. In contrast to this, Chaos can also be used to eliminate the adverse effects it causes; when Yuma's deep friendship with Astral and determined willpower was strong enough to purge the darkness within the latter's heart; which immediately causes  Dark ZEXAL  to reverse. 
 Chaos is the source of life itself, and a living thing that doesn't have chaos will wither and die. However, when something that is infused with the power of chaos touches a living thing that is not, the former's chaos will spread into the latter's body and mind, restoring them to full health. The power of chaos is never the same for two people. For example, Yuma's chaos drives his " kattobingu " spirit, while Vector's chaos turned him into a maniac.
 
         Yuma  healing with the power of Chaos     
 When  Number 96   Ranked-Up  his  card form , he effectively obtained the power of Chaos and used it in an attempt to destroy the Astral, Barian, and  Human Worlds  together. [4] 
 Xyz Monsters  can become infused with chaos in a process known as  Chaos Xyz Evolution , which is typically used by Barians; the result is a powerful " C "  monster . "C" monsters are divided into two groups: " Number C " monsters, which are upgraded versions of " Number " monsters, and " CXyz " monsters, which are upgraded versions of non-" Number " Xyz Monsters. In extremely rare cases, "C" monsters can be upgraded further into even more powerful "iC" (Chaos Imaginary) monsters. However, only one "iC" monster is known to exist: " Number iC1000: Numeronius Numeronia ".
 
 Known "Chaos" possessors 
 Barians 
 Number 96: Dark Mist [4] 
 Don Thousand [5] 
 Yuma Tsukumo [1] 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 118: " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 97: " Sinister Shadows " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 110: " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 129: " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Yuma_healing_with_the_Power_of_Chaos.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130826075525']
Categories: Abilities