Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Legendary_Knights


 
 Legendary Knight 
 伝説の騎士 「 でんせつのきし 」  ( Densetsu no Kishi ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Legendary Knight Critias ", " Legendary Knight Timaeus " and " Legendary Knight Hermos ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Chevalier Légendaire 
 
 
 German 
 Legendärer Ritter 
 
 
 Italian 
 Leggendario Cavaliere 
 
 
 Korean 
 전설의 기사 傳說? 騎士   (Hanja)   Jeonseor-ui Gisa   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Cavaleiro Lendário 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Caballero Legendario 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dragons of Legend Dragons of Legend 2 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Legend Version Collectors Pack: Duelist of Destiny Version 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Legendary Knight " ( 伝 説 の 騎 士   Densetsu no Kishi ) is an  archetype  of the true forms of the three " Legendary Dragons ". This archetype was introduced in  Dragons of Legend  and was featured towards the end of the  Waking the Dragons  arc of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. All of its members are  Level   8   LIGHT   Warrior   monsters  with  2800   ATK  and  1800   DEF .
 The "Legendary Knights" are named after  Plato's late dialogues  and characters that appear in them.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Legendary Knight
 
 Origin
 
 
 Dialogue
 
 Character
 
 
 Critias 
 
 Critias 
 
 Critias 
 
 
 Hermos 
 
 Hermocrates 
 
 Hermocrates 
 
 
 Timaeus 
 
 Timaeus 
 
 Timaeus of Locri 
 
 Anime 
 These cards first appeared in the  Waking the Dragons  arc of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 The three members of the archetype are " Legendary Knight Critias ", " Legendary Knight Hermos ", and " Legendary Knight Timaeus ". All three have an effect that allows them to 'absorb' another card's effect, based on the effect of their corresponding  Legendary Dragon .
 
 Legendary Knight Timaeus : The true form of " The Eye of Timaeus ", owned by  Yugi Muto .  His effect allows him to absorb other monsters. He was shown to absorb " Legendary Knight Critias ", " Legendary Knight Hermos ", " Kuriboh " (as well as " Multiply "), and " Big Shield Gardna ". His blade's name is "Sword of Justice". When combined with "Big Shield Gardna", the combination was named "Full Barrier Shield". When combined with the other two Knights, the combination was named " Timaeus the Knight of Destiny ". 
 Legendary Knight Hermos : The true form of " The Claw of Hermos ", owned by  Joey Wheeler . His effect allows him to redirect attacks to himself, and also  remove from play  monsters to either gain those monsters' effects or multiply its own ATK and reflect attacks. He was shown to absorb " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian ", " Alpha The Magnet Warrior ", " Beta The Magnet Warrior ", and " Gamma The Magnet Warrior ". His blade's name is "Sword of Renewal". 
 Legendary Knight Critias : The true form of " The Fang of Critias ", owned by  Seto Kaiba . His effect allows him to 'absorb' a  Trap Card  and gain effects based on it, similar to how "The Fang of Critias" can fuse with Trap Cards. He was shown to absorb " Mirror Force " and " Attack Guidance Barrier ". His blade's name is "Sword of Wisdom". 
 When "Timaeus" absorbs both "Critias" and "Hermos", they form the  Fusion Monster  " Timaeus the Knight of Destiny ". This card has the effect to gain ATK equal to the ATK of the absorbed monsters. In addition, it cannot not be destroyed by battle; these two effects were ultimately combined to destroy Dartz's " Divine Serpent Geh " and cause him to lose the Duel.
 
 Voices and mannerisms 
 The three Legendary Knights sound, resemble and act like their owners. "Hermos" sounds and looks like Joey (though he is brunette), "Critias" sounds and looks like Kaiba (though he is blonde), and "Timaeus" sounds and looks like Yami Yugi however he is fully blonde. Also the physical heights of the Knights is comparative with respect to their owners; Critias is the tallest (as is Kaiba), Timaeus is the shortest (like Yami)
 In the German dub, "Critias" is voiced by Joey's voice actor and "Hermos" is voiced by Kaiba's voice actor.
 
   
" Legendary Knight " 「 伝 説 の 騎 士 」 Members 
 Legendary Knight Critias Legendary Knight Hermos Legendary Knight Timaeus 
 Support 
 Timaeus the Knight of Destiny 
 Legend of Heart 
 Related 
 The Claw of Hermos The Eye of Timaeus The Fang of Critias 
 
 v e 
 Legendary Knight   伝 説 の 騎 士 a   Members 
 Legendary Knight Critias Legendary Knight Hermos Legendary Knight Timaeus 
 Related 
 Claw of Hermos Fang of Critias Legend of Heart The Eye of Timaeus Timaeus the Knight of Destiny 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Legendary_Knights.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150415032623']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes