Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_023


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 023 
 
 
 
 
 " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " prepares to unleash the climax of the show. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 秘術の眼 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hijutsu no Manako 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Arcane Eye 
 
 
 English 
 A Date With Fate: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 023 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 14, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 September 23, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 21, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 ", known as " Arcane Eye " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 14, 2014 and in Australia on November 22, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on November 6, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2016. 
 Yuya  is fighting in a qualifier  Duel  against  Aura , a Fortune-Telling  Duelist . He continues to desperately fight back and defend himself while trying to figure out her ominous prediction, but his strategies are shut down by Aura, who can read the future, as he Duels against her in this Divination Duel, and ends up finding himself unable to make any moves at all. Aura, who sees that Yuya’s future will be terrible, urges him to  surrender , but when Yuya, unable to do anything,  draws  a  card ...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Aura Sentia 
 2.2   Sora Perse vs. Unknown Duelist 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Errors 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Cast 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Nico Smiley  recaps, welcoming the viewers to his recap room. He explains that  Yuya  is on his third match needed to qualify for the  Junior Arc League Championship , facing the Divination Duelist  Aura Sentia . He was pushed into a corner both physically and psychologically by Aura's  Flip monsters , and his  Pendulum Summoned  monsters were all forced into  Defense Position , leaving him with no outs. On top of that, he was given a startling prophecy when " Prediction Princess Tarotrei " told his fortune with the Tower card in the upright position, signifying collapsing, falling and tragedy. Aura had urged him to stop, if he continued as he was, Yuya's life would be at risk. Nico wonders how Yuya will react to such a prophecy, and looks in a crystal ball (all this is cut from the dub; the dub instead made its own recap), musing on Yuya's other opponent -  Gong , who is facing off against  Kit Blade  on a shore platform. Kit exclaims that he won't hold back (in the dub, he asks Gong if he wants to do this) as waves crash in the background. 
 Yuya stands with no cards in his hand and only 1300  LP , compared to Aura's 4000.  Ally  wonders what Aura meant by saying that Yuya's life is at risk.  Tate  calls it ridiculous, claiming that Aura is just trying to intimidate Yuya.  Frederick  protests that Yuya is in a shiver-inducing pinch right now, and Tate admits that all of Yuya's monster's have been forced into Defense Position, unable to change their positions this turn, and since he performed a full-field Pendulum Summon, his hand is empty. Ally gasps that Yuya really is in a life-or-death situation. Yuya, meanwhile, thinks that it's true that he can't attack, but he still has his monsters, and while he does, he can still fight. Aura notes that Yuya is still willing to fight, and urges him to surrender if he doesn't want to be seriously injured. Dismissing the possibility of getting seriously injured during a Duel, Yuya ends his turn. 
 Realizing that Yuya doesn't plan on stopping, Aura draws, and the she  Sets  a monster in face-down Defense Position. Frederick gasps at the sight and Tate wonders what it is this time. Then Aura activates the other effect of "Tarotrei," " Full Sleep ," flipping all of her Flip monsters face-down, and " Prediction Princess Petalelf " returns to its face-down position. Tate worries that the  DEF  of Yuya's monsters are all below "Tarotrei's" 2600  ATK , and Yuya is clearly anxious, but Aura simply ends her turn, claiming that she has no reason to attack now, since Yuya's fate has already been decided. 
 Yuya retorts that his future hasn't been set in stone yet, and he begins his turn, drawing " Performapal Call ." He changes " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " into  Attack Position , and "Odd-Eyes" rears up, displaying its boosted 3700 ATK. Calling it a futile act, Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei," allowing her to flip her face-down monsters into face-up Attack Position. The extra sets of arms of "Tarotrei" grasp the Set monsters and flip them over as Aura declares "Full Reverse!" Yuya realizes that Aura will be able to freely flip her monsters face-up or face-down, and Aura confirms that this is the power of "the holy priestess who governs the fate of the cards", "Tarotrei." She activates the  Flip Effect  of "Petalelf," changing all of Yuya's monsters to Defense Position and preventing all of his monsters from changing  Battle Positions  for the turn. Tate and Frederick bemoan Yuya's inability to attack this turn, but then Aura activates the Flip Effect of her other monster, " Prediction Princess Astromorrigan " which, at the end of the turn, will destroy all Defense Position monsters that Yuya controls and deal 200 damage for each monster it destroys. Tate realizes that Aura didn't attack the previous turn in order to allow her effect to deal more damage, and Aura claims that her victory was decided the moment she Set her first card on the field. Yuya protests the truth of this, but Aura reminds him of the signs, and Yuya remembers all of the signs of fortune-telling that indicated bad luck and destruction. Aura tells Yuya that he can still escape, and that he should surrender now to avoid his fate of destruction. In the stands, Nico muses that this won't do; he's being entrapped by a fortune-telling opponent, and Yuya needs to break free of the mold and show him an unexpected Entertainment Duel (the latter part of Smiley's thoughts is cut from the dub). A woman holding a crystal ball declares that allowing this Duel to continue is dangerous, and another holding chopsticks agrees that they should have them stop as soon as possible. A third, holding tarot cards, claims that one cannot truly defy fate. Setting a card, Yuya ends his turn, which triggers the effect of "Astromorrigan." "Astromorrigan" extends its sword and it slashes through " Performapal Springoose ," " Performapal Partnaga ," "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon," " Performapal Kaleidoscorp ," and " Performapal Elephammer ," destroying them all, then inflicting 200 damage per monster, a total of 1000. "Astromorrigan" lets loose a blast of sparkles at Yuya, reducing him to 300 LP. Yuya holds up "Odd-Eyes," "Partnaga," and "Kaleidoscorp," explaining that destroyed  Pendulum Monsters  are sent to the  Extra Deck . Aura asks if Yuya understands that she's saying what she is out of concern for Yuya; if he continues, he'll do something that can't be undone. Yuya doesn't respond, and Aura mutters that it doesn't matter what she says.
 She draws, and activates the effect of "Tarotrei" again, "Full Sleep," flipping her Flip monsters face-down. Yuya realizes that since she'll only be able to attack him with "Tarotrei," which he'll be able to fend off with his "Performapal Call." It will negate a direct attack and allow him to add Performapal" monsters to his hand whose DEF is equal to or less than the attacking monster's ATK. Aura asks if she told Yuya to stop struggling as she ascends to an  Action Card . Surprised by the card, she nevertheless activates it, " Lock Draw ." Chains bind Yuya's  Duel Disk  as Aura explains that until Yuya sends an Action Card to the Graveyard, he cannot draw. She claims that the cards themselves are telling Yuya to stop fighting against his destiny. She tells him that she won't think any less of him if he surrenders and urges him to do so. Yuya refuses, as it would end his Dueling career opportunity, and he runs off to look for an Action Card. Aura decides to end the Duel as quickly as possible and she Sets a card, " Reverse Reuse ," which will allow her to  Special Summon  two Flip monsters from her  Graveyard  to Yuya's side of the field in face-up Defense Position. With that, she'll be able to use her "Petalelf" and "Astromorrigan" combo to end the Duel, and prevent the prophecy from coming true. But just as she finishes that train of thought, a link in the massive chandelier up above snaps. 
 Meanwhile,  Sora , dressed in royal garb, slowly sings in opera fashion that he is making a direct attack with " Frightfur Bear ." Thrown back by "Frightfur Bear's" arm, Sora's opponent sings that with this his LP is at zero, and he lands on the floor. Sora cheers that he did it; that's six wins. Zuzu congratulates Sora on getting into the Junior Youth Championship, and Sora claims that it was a given for someone of his ability. Zuzu attempts to tell Sora something, but he grabs her wrist and runs off, reminding her that if they don't hurry they'll miss Yuya's Duel. 
 Yuya sprints along the walkway and declares his turn. Aura reminds him that "Lock Draw" prevents Yuya from drawing, and he snaps back that he already knows that, leaping for a higher walkway. Aura yells at Yuya to stop, since continuing the Duel will not benefit him in any way. As Yuya climbs up to the next walkway, Aura begs him to stop, reiterating the danger of the situation. Spotting an Action Card, Yuya sprints hard towards it. Up above, one of the chains shatters, and the chandelier begins to sway, raining down stone from the ceiling. Still sprinting, Yuya makes a desperate leap for the Action Card, only just grabbing it. Then the chandelier breaks fully loose, crashing down on Yuya and burying him in the rubble. Aura looks away in distress and screams. She looks at the carnage in shock, as does the crowd, and turns away. 
 Then, Yuya bursts from the rubble, holding aloft the Action Card " Miracle ." The kids cheer, and Aura asks if Yuya's fate changed, and he overcame destiny with a miracle. The principal of the School muses that Yuya opened up the previously closed path to his future. Sending "Miracle" to the Graveyard, Yuya dispels the chains from "Lock Draw". He declares that he'll bet it all on this card, and he draws.
 It's " Polymerization ," Zuzu's card. Yuya freezes, wondering why it's in his Deck, and then he remembers bumping his head on his desk and dislodging a few cards that got mixed in with his Deck. He bemoans that he was betting his future on this draw, and now he had drawn a card he couldn't use. Then he sees the shadow of a  one-eyed dragon , and he gasps. Rising to his feet, Yuya balances carefully as he walks onto a portion of rubble, and he declares "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!" He explains that already setting the  Pendulum Scale  are " Stargazer Magician " and " Timegazer Magician ," and as the two " Magicians " bow, Yuya explains that with this, he's able to Summon multiple monsters from  Levels   2  to  7 . He  chants  "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Appear now, my loyal monsters! (In the dub: "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready... to swing into action!)" as "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon," "Partnaga," and "Kaleidoscorp" emerge from the Summoning portal. Yuya tells the audience to take a look at these "gallant figures"; the formerly defeated Pendulum Monsters have made a second showing from the Extra Deck. But Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei" again, "Full Reverse," flipping her face-down monsters into face-up Attack Position. "Petalelf" and "Astromorrigan" are flipped face-up, and Aura activates the effect of "Petalelf," switching all of Yuya's monsters into Defense Position again. Frederick complains about the combo, as Aura comments how good it was that Yuya avoided his fate of destruction, since now she can win their Duel with a clear conscience. She reminds Yuya that at the end of the turn, the effect of "Astromorrigan" will destroy all of his Defense Position monsters and then inflict 200 damage for each. Since Yuya only has 300 LP, this would be the end of him. Yuya comments that he wonders about that, and calls Aura "Miss. (he does not call her this in the dub)" Aura is shocked at the respectful honorific, and Yuya activates the effect of "Performapal Springoose;" by  banishing  it from his Graveyard, he can return two cards on his field to his hand. "Springoose" appears in between "Stargazer" and "Timegazer" and squawks, causing them to return to card form. As the image of the dragon appears in Yuya's mind, he tells it to wait, and that he would free it soon.. He  Tributes  "Kaleidoscorp" to  Tribute Summon  the  Level 5  "Stargazer Magician." Sora and Zuzu arrive, pleased to see that the Duel isn't over yet, and then, Yuya selects a card from his hand, which Zuzu recognizes.
 He activates "Polymerization," much to everyone's shock. Yellow light glows in Yuya's Extra Deck and it opens to reveal a glowing card. Yuya  fuses  "Stargazer Magician" and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon," and as they align themselves in the Fusion vortex he chants " Wielder of mysterious powers , become a bright light in the  eye of the dragon !  Fusion Summon ! Come forth, arcane dragon - wielder of ancient magics!  Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon !" (in the dub: "This is it! The moment all you Duel-tainment fans have been waiting for is here! Stand up, make way, and get set to cheer! I Fusion summon! Ladies and gentlemen, now taking center stage, please give it up for the spotlight-stealing  Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon !") The massive dragon, with a runed plate over its right eye, appears as it binds to a golden ring on its back, suspended behind Yuya. Aura is shocked to see a 3000 ATK  Fusion Monster , but she claims that Yuya won't be able to wipe out her LP with it, and that his fate remains unchanged. Smiling, Yuya explains that if "Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" used a  Spellcaster - Type  monster that was on the field as Fusion Material, the number of times that it can attack his opponent's monsters changes based on that Spellcaster's Level. Aura asks Yuya what he said, and he explains that when that monster is Level 5 (or  6 ), "Rune-Eyes" can attack three times. He declares "IT'S SHOWTIME!" and a spectral form of "Stargazer Magician" appears, becoming an orb of energy which splits into a triangle. As Yuya leaps onto "Rune-Eyes'" back, the triangle bonds to the ring on "Rune-Eyes'" back, and "Rune-Eyes" hovers in front of Aura. Yuya, calling Aura "Miss," again, declares his  Battle Phase  ("Ready or not, here I come!" in the dub). Aura is enchanted, depicted as heart-effects, as "Rune-Eyes" begins to run along the walls, and her platform lowers. Spotlights shine on "Astromorrigan," "Petalelf," and "Tarotrei" as Yuya declares that he is attacking them. He declares that this is the climax of the show, and "Rune-Eyes" attacks with "Triple Spiral Sky Shot." Beams of energy spear from each of the corners of the energy triangle and destroy all three of Aura's monsters in turn. Aura sees Yuya wink at her, and her eyes sparkle and her nose bleeds as she is thrown backwards, her LP reduced to zero. 
 
       An extremely enraged Zuzu smacks Yuya.     
 Yuya lands as the Solid Vision dissipates, and his friends run over to congratulate him. Tate suggests that a Fusion Summon using a Pendulum Monster should be called Pendulum-Fusion. Sora cries that he knew that Yuya would do something amazing, as he performed a perfect Fusion Summon without Sora even teaching him anything. Zuzu congratulates Yuya, and Yuya pulls out the "Polymerization" card, admitting that he used it without asking her. He hands Zuzu the card, and points out that she's trying to change into a different Zuzu from up until now, so now it's Yuya's turn. Thanks to Zuzu, he got a hint on how to do it, and next time, he'll grasp what lies beyond Pendulum Summoning with his own hands (in the dub, he adds that they'll have to face each other someday). The two of them share a moment, gazing at each other, until the infatuated Aura tackles Yuya, excitedly calling him her soul-mate, as he made her heart enter palpitations, and that her divination wasn't wrong after all. Zuzu, infuriated, raises her fan slowly and asks what is happening. Yuya protests that he doesn't really understand either. Aura reassures Yuya, calling him "darling" ("Duel Mate" in English Dub), that there's no need for him to be shy, which further enrages Zuzu, who growls Yuya's name menacingly as their friends watch in apprehension. As the principal rises to her feet, Yuya tries to protest as Zuzu angrily asks Yuya who Aura is to him, and Yuya screams in terror. Aura claims that she and "darling" are bound together by fate. The principal watches in amusement as Yuya, with Aura still attached, attempts to flee from Zuzu, and she wonders what fate awaits a boy who can change his own destiny. She looks into her crystal ball and gasps. The ball cracks in half as she looks at Yuya worriedly. Zuzu finally lands a smack on Yuya's head with her fan, as the oblivious Aura asks when she can meet Yuya's  mother  and  father , and how many children Yuya wants. Yuya screams that he'll definitely change that fate (in the dub, Aura asks when they should have their wedding, and Yuya replies that it's hopefully where an escape hatch is).
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Aura Sentia 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Turn 7: Aura 
 Aura   Sets  a  monster . Aura  activates  the  effect  of " Prediction Princess Tarotrei ", letting her change all  Flip monsters  she  controls  to  face-down   Defense Position , but "Tarotrei" will not be able to attack this  turn . She  flips  " Prediction Princess Petalef " face-down.
 Turn 8: Yuya 
 Yuya   draws  " Performapal Call " and switches " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " to  Attack Position . Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei", letting her change all face-down Defense Position monsters she controls to Attack Position. She flips "Petalelf" (800/700) and " Prediction Princess Astromorrigan " (1300/0). Their  Flip Effects  both activate. The effect of "Petalelf" switches all monsters Yuya controls to Defense Position and prevents them from changing their  battle positions  for the remainder of this  turn . The effect of "Astromorrigan" will  destroy  all Defense Position monsters Yuya controls during the  End Phase  and inflict 200  damage  to him per destroyed monster. Yuya Sets a card. During the End Phase, all of his monsters are destroyed via the effect of "Astromorrigan" (Yuya 1300 → 300).
 Turn 9: Aura 
Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei", switching both of her Flip monsters to face-down Defense Position. Yuya's Set card is shown to be "Performapal Call". She finds and activates the  Action Card , " Lock Draw ", which will prevent Yuya from drawing cards until he  sends  an Action Card from his hand to the  Graveyard . Aura Sets " Reverse Reuse ".
 Turn 10: Yuya 
Yuya finds the Action Card, " Miracle ". He sends it to the Graveyard, letting him draw during his  Draw Phase . He draws " Polymerization ". Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) in Attack Position and " Performapal Kaleidoscorp " (100/2300) and " Performapal Partnaga " (500/2100), both in Defense Position, and all from his  Extra Deck . Aura activates the effect of "Tarotrei", changing both of her face-down Defense Position monsters to Attack Position - "Petalelf" and "Astromorrigan". The effect of "Petalelf" switches "Odd-Eyes" to Defense Position and prevents it from changing its battle position this turn, while the effect of "Astromorrigan" will destroy all Defense Position monsters Yuya controls during the End Phase and inflict 200 damage for each. Yuya activates the effect of the " Performapal Springoose " in his Graveyard, banishing it to  return  two cards he controls to his hand. He returns " Timegazer Magician " and " Stargazer Magician ". Yuya  Tributes  "Kaliedoscorp" to  Tribute Summon  "Stargazer Magician" (1200/2400). Yuya activates "Polymerization",  fusing  "Odd-Eyes" and "Stargazer Magician" to  Fusion Summon  " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. As a  Level 5   Spellcaster - Type  monster was used as its Fusion Material, the effect of "Rune-Eyes" lets it attack three times during each  Battle Phase . "Rune-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Astromorrigan", "Petalelf" and "Tarotrei" (Aura 4000 → 0).
 
 Sora Perse vs. Unknown Duelist 
 Duel is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Sora   controls  " Frightfur Bear " in  Attack Position , while his opponent controls no cards and has 400  Life Points .
 Sora's turn 
"Frightfur Bear"  attacks   directly  (Opponent 400 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Springoose 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Performapal Partnaga 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Performapal Call 
 
 Aura Sentia Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Prediction Princess Astromorrigan 
 Prediction Princess Petalelf 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Prediction Princess Tarotrei Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Reverse Reuse 
 
 Sora Perse Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 
 Action Fields Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fortuneterror 
 Unknown Action Field 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Lock Draw 
 Miracle 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Bowhopper 
 Unknown EARTH Attribute monster [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fortuneterror 
 Traps 
 Black Cat-astrophe 
 Lousy Luck 
 Errors 
 Even though the card image of " Prediction Princess Tarotrei " shows it having 2700  ATK , its ATK gauge and Yuya's friends indicate it has 2600 ATK. 
 During part of the scene where  Yuya  gives  Zuzu  her " Polymerization " card back (where there are hearts in the background), Yuya's green ahoge is missing. 
 At some point, the closed captions refer to Frederick as his original Japanese name, Futoshi. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  English 
 A Duel With Fate (part 2)
 
 
  French 
 Rendez-vous avec le destin, 2ème
 
 
  German 
 Ein Blick in die Zukunft (2)
 
 
  Italian 
 Appuntamento col destino (seconda parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 비술의 눈
 
 
  Thai 
 ดวงตาแห่งวิชาลับ
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
  Mieru Hochun  
 
 Aoi Yūki 
 
 Aura Sentia 
 
 Sarah Natochenny 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
  Naruko Unno 
 
 Kuniko Ishijima 
 
 Madam Divina 
 
 
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 Nico Smiley
 
 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when  Yuya  bumps his head underneath the desk. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/ArcV_023.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140914183805', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/ZuzuSmacksYuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151228105344', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Flag_of_Australia.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101213011422', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes