Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Achichi_@Ignister


 Achichi @Ignister 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Ai's Rebellion 
 In  episode 106 , three  Ai  clones each use this card during their  Speed Duels  against  Playmaker ,  Soulburner  and  Varis . They each Special Summon this card from their hands using the effect of " Ignister A.I.Land ". Each copy of Ai then uses this card as  Link Material  to  Link Summon  " Linguriboh ". They then Special Summon " Doyon @Ignister " from their hands and use its effect to add this card from the Graveyard to their hand, before Normal Summoning it and linking it with "Linguriboh" and "Doyon" to Link Summon " Fire Phoenix @Ignister ". 
 In  episode 108 , Ai uses this card during his  Master Duel  against  Pandor . He Special Summons this card from his hand using the effect of "Ignister A.I.Land". Ai then links this card with "Linguriboh" and " Hiyari @Ignister " to Link Summon " Dark Templar @Ignister ", whose effect revives this card and "Hiyari". He links this card with "Hiyari" and " Bururu @Ignister " to Link Summon "Fire Phoenix @Ignister". 
 In  episode 110 , Ai uses this card during his  Tag-Team  Master Duel against  Blue Maiden  and  Akira Zaizen . He Special Summons this card from his hand using the effect of "Ignister A.I.Land". Ai then links this card with "Linguriboh" and "Hiyari @Ignister" to Link Summon "Dark Templar @Ignister", whose effect revives this card and "Hiyari". He links this card with "Hiyari" and "Doyon @Ignister" to Link Summon "Fire Phoenix @Ignister". In the  following episode , when Akira's " Tindangle Acute Cerberus " destroys "Fire Phoenix" by battle, Ai banishes this card from the Graveyard to treat "Fire Phoenix's" destruction as being caused by this card's effect instead. 
 In  episode 117 , Ai uses this card during his Master Duel against  Playmaker . He Special Summons this card from his hand using the effect of "Ignister A.I.Land", to a zone that his "Dark Templar @Ignister"  points to . This triggers "Dark Templar's" effect to revive " Pikari @Ignister " and "Doyon @Ignister". Ai then links this card with "Pikari" and "Doyon" to Link Summon "Fire Phoenix @Ignister". 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances