Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_World_Championship_2011:_Over_the_Nexus


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Yugioh Campionato Mundial 2011 : Over The Nexus 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊 ☆ 戯 ☆ 王 ５Ｄ＇ｓ   ＷＯＲＬＤ   ＣＨＡＭＰＩＯＮＳＨＩＰ   ２０１１   ＯＶＥＲ   ＴＨＥ   ＮＥＸＵＳ 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yū-Gi-Ō! Faibu Dīzu Wārudo Chanpionshippu Nisenjūichi: Ōba za Nekusasu 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Nintendo DS 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  February 24, 2011  May 10, 2011 [1]  April 1, 2011 [2]  March 24, 2011 [3]  March 25, 2011 [4] 
 
 
 Genre 
 Competitive card game 
 
 
 Ratings 
 CERO:A ESRB:E10+ USK:0 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus  is the third  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  game for the Nintendo DS, the fifth  World Championship  game for the Nintendo DS and the last game in the World Championship series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Features 
 2   Story 
 
 2.1   Chapter 1 - The Beginning - The Frontier Lands, Crash Town 
 2.2   Chapter 2 - The Encounter - Team Satisfaction 
 2.3   Chapter 3 - The Turning Point - Just Me and My Duel Runner 
 2.4   Chapter 4 - Completion - New Friends, New Partnerships 
 2.5   Chapter 5 - Going Home - Memories Long Past and a Hand of Hope 
 2.6   Chapter 6 - Changes - Preparing for the Tournament and a Looming Shadow 
 2.7   Final Chapter - To the Future - State of the WRGP and the World 
 
 
 3   Special rules 
 
 3.1   WRGP Duels 
 
 
 4   Locations 
 5   Bugs 
 
 5.1   Card programming errors 
 5.2   Card text errors 
 5.3   Gameplay errors 
 5.4   Misc. errors 
 
 
 6   Starting Deck 
 7   Promotional cards 
 8   Gallery 
 9   See also 
 10   References 
 
 
 Features 
         The battle animation, compared to  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia     
 The game includes 4,231 cards from sets up to and including  Storm of Ragnarok ,  Duelist Pack: Yusei 3 ,  Duelist Pack: Crow ,  V Jump Edition 4 ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Movie Pack ,  Premium Pack 13 , [5]   Duel Terminal - Judgment of Omega!! , and  Structure Deck: Lost Sanctuary . 
 Initial shop packs are  Dark Beginning 1 ,  Dark Beginning 2 ,  Dark Revelation Volume 1 ,  Dark Revelation Volume 2 ,  Duel Terminal - Synchro Awakening!! ,  Duel Terminal - Invasion of Worms!! , and  Duel Terminal - Justice Strikes Back!! , as well as a random selection of  Structure Decks  or  Starter Deck: Duelist Toolbox . 
 Original storyline created and torn from the highly successful  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  animated series. 
 Compete in  Duel Runner  battles with up to 3 teammates. 
 Duel Puzzle Editor allows players to post questions and answers via Wi-Fi connection while gaining points and rankings. 
 Deck Diagnostics offer players the opportunity to have the game evaluate and help build a stronger Deck. 
 New features for beginner duelists include in game tutorials, Deck structuring tutorials and assistance as well as a "next move" option when a player doesn't know what to do next. 
 Replay features offer the ability to save a duel once completed so duelists can go back, review and study the last battle to hone their skills and even see the moves the computer made. 
 Battle anyone, anywhere, anytime via Wi-Fi connection and compete in weekly duel championships each with new rules and live leader boards. 
 For duels in  Crash Town , instead of playing "Rock, Paper, Scissors", the method to who decides to go first will be to press the DS controls on five cards appearing on the touch screen, in order of appearance, before your opponent. 
 For duels in the  Stadium  when Turbo Dueling an NPC character, instead of playing "Rock, Paper, Scissors", the method to who decides to go first will be to race the opponent past the first curve of track (just like in anime), winner makes the first turn. 
 New characters to the World Championship World such as  Radley ,  Malcolm ,  Nico ,  West ,  Ghost ,  Primo ,  Lester ,  Jakob ,  Hermann ,  Nicolas ,  Hans ,  Harald ,  Dragan ,  Brave ,  Andre ,  Breo ,  Sherry LeBlanc , and  Jean . 
 Unlike  Stardust Accelerator  and  Reverse of Arcadia ,  Over the Nexus  includes  Turbo Duels  and Tag Turbo Duels for Free Duel Mode. Also, the addition of Speed Spell versions of Ritual Spell Cards allows the use of Ritual Monsters in Turbo Duels. 
 Mini  Memory Game  system allows the player to have extra cards each time the player defeats a NPC character. 
 
 
 For card downloads and other downloads, see  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Over the Nexus Card Downloads  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Over the Nexus Downloads .      
 Story 
 The storyline of Over the Nexus does not immediately tie into that of the anime, unlike the previous two games. The player more or less keeps to their separate plot until the story reaches the halfway point, where it starts using events from the WRGP arc of the anime. Because the card database only goes up to  Storm of Ragnarok , the plot simply ends where  Aporia  would have been introduced into the story.
 
 Chapter 1 - The Beginning - The Frontier Lands, Crash Town 
 Main article:  The Beginning: The Frontier Lands, Crash Town 
 The story starts in the deserted city of  Crash Town , where the player lives. The  player  has a dream of becoming the best duelist, but they are awakened by  Klaus , telling them that their dream won't be real and then Klaus goes to work on the mines. The player heads to  Nico and West's hideout , where they duel to pass the time until the nearby card shop opens.
 The card shop is hosting a Rental Deck Tournament, where participants face off using pre-made Decks. One contestant has yet to arrive and so the player fills in for them. After defeating all opponents, the player heads home, only to be stopped by  Bronson , who was the tournament participant whom the player replaced. Bronson is defeated by the player, and remarks that the player has done well for winning in his place.
 The Player goes back to their house. There, they find Klaus, who is telling them that the next day the two must go shopping in  Satellite .
 
 Chapter 2 - The Encounter - Team Satisfaction 
 Main article:  The Encounter: Team Satisfaction 
 Before the player and Klaus leave for Satellite,  Toru , who lives next door, requests that the player help him purchase some Duel Runner parts.
 After their arrival in Satellite, the player and Klaus go their separate ways to get what they need. The player is soon sidetracked when he/she meets a girl named  Lilie  who is looking for  Crow . They find him, but Crow mistakes the player as a kidnapper and duels them. Lilie soon clears the misunderstanding and leaves with Crow.
 The player then continues to look for Duel Runner parts, and meets  Gordon , who recommends a shop. After making the purchase, Gordon ambushes the player and steals the parts. The player gives chase, only to be stopped by gangsters along the way. However,  Team Satisfaction  appears and engages the gangsters, allowing for the player to pursue Gordon and retrieve the parts.
 On the way out, two of the Team Satisfaction members -  Yusei  and  Kalin  - introduce themselves to the player. Yusei checks the parts purchased by the player and realizes that they simply consist of junk stuck together. While Yusei goes off to get functional parts, Kalin heads back to the Duel Runner shop to get Toru's money back. The player also wishes to thank the remaining member,  Jack . On meeting Jack, the player duels him, and soon gets friendly matches with the other members of Team Satisfaction.
 With Yusei's recommended parts in tow, the player returns to Crash Town.
 
 Chapter 3 - The Turning Point - Just Me and My Duel Runner 
 Main article:  The Turning Point: Just Me and My Duel Runner 
 Back at Crash Town, the player hands over Yusei's parts to Toru. Toru notes that they are of much better quality than what he asked for, and begins work on the Duel Runner. The player also relays the story to Nico and West, and Toru arrives at the hideout to announce the completion of his Duel Runner. They all head to the outskirts of the town, where Toru drives his Duel Runner around and even lets the player attempt a test drive.
 Soon, Toru declares that he will be moving out of Crash Town and into  New Domino City . Klaus forbids the player to go along, saying that they would just waste their time there.
 The next day, the war between  Malcolm  and  Ramon  escalates, and Nico is nowhere to be found. The player sets out to look for her and escort her back to their home, dueling through members of the warring factions along the way. With the siblings reunited, Klaus lets them stay for the night before getting them to their home. Klaus notes that the player has been improving and challenges them, to a duel to ascertain it.
 Having confidence in his grandchild's ability, Klaus reveals a Duel Runner hidden in the basement of the player's home. He mentioned that the player's parents were  Turbo Duelists  who lost their lives in an accident, resulting in his initial reluctance to allow the player to ride a Duel Runner. Using the Duel Runner, Klaus plans to move out of Crash Town with the player, Nico and West. However, Nico and West have to stay in Crash Town since their father works at the nearby mines there.
 
 Chapter 4 - Completion - New Friends, New Partnerships 
 Main article:  Completion: New Friends, New Partnerships 
 Klaus and the player arrive in New Domino City. There, the player meets a woman named  Misaki  who happens to know his/her name. Misaki duels the player to test their ability, and then leads them into her garage. There, the player meets up with Toru, who proposes that the three of them form a Riding Team. However, the player's current Duel Runner is in no condition for a Turbo Duel, and Misaki recommends that they replace the vital parts - the CPU, engine, and frame.
 The player is first pointed to  Bootleg  for leads on Duel Runner parts. There, the owner offers information if the player solves three of his five Duel Puzzles. Upon completion, the owner points the player to  Blister 's apartment, where the player receives the Duel Runner's CPU. Blister mentions that thrown-out parts also can be found in the underground duel arena, which is where the player finds the engine.
 Upon returning to Misaki's garage, Misaki says that she found a frame in a locked-out scrapyard. The player heads there, only to find  Blister  and  Bolt  opening the gate to the scrapyard. Despite the fact that the frame is about to be thrown out with the rest of the scrap pile, Bolt is reluctant to give the frame away, and proposes a Tag Duel for the frame.
 With the Duel Runner complete, Toru and the player decide to test it out the next day via a  Turbo Duel . After the duel ends,  Primo  sees the  Grand Design  appearing.  Lester  and  Jakob  say he must have imagined the event, as it is not time for that yet. Back at the highway,  Breo  appears, infuriated at the player for using his practice course. He challenges the player to a race, and backs down when defeated. However, Toru and Misaki have pushed their Duel Runners too hard during the race and thus their machines need repairing.
 Just then, Crow bumps into the player, remembering him/her from their meeting at Satellite. Crow offers to get Yusei to fix the Duel Runners. While Yusei prepares the parts for repairs, Klaus rushes in with a message of distress from Nico and West. As only the player's Duel Runner is functional, the player first sets off to Crash Town to settle the situation.
 
 Chapter 5 - Going Home - Memories Long Past and a Hand of Hope 
 Main article:  Going Home: Memories Long Past and a Hand of Hope 
 Back at Crash Town, the player finds West and Nico at their hideout. The kids' father,  Sergio , is working under Malcolm, and he never came back home. The player decided to pay Malcolm a visit to ask about the kids' father. At Malcolm's house, the player duels one of his henchmen,  Seluga , in order to meet Malcolm. Malcolm, having watched the duel, tests the player himself and is impressed with the player's skills. He offers the player to duel under him in exchange for information on Sergio.
 The next day, the player duels against Kalin, who is working under Ramon. After defeating Kalin, Yusei rushes out from the flower shop, telling them that they must escape the town. He requested help from  Barbara . However, she revealed that she is in fact working with Malcolm, and has no intention of helping them. Upon hearing that  Lawton  is returning from his training, Ramon leaves. Yusei, Kalin, and the player are captured and sent to work in the mine so that they will not disturb Malcolm's control over the town. While there, they meet Sergio. Yusei finds a path that leads outside, and the group decides to escape from the mine. While escaping, Sergio saves Kalin from a stray rockfall, and falls into the abyss of the mines.
 The trio meets Toru and Misaki after escaping from the mine. They inform the trio that Malcolm and Ramon are at war. They then return to town in an attempt to quell the warring factions and look for the kids. After the player defeats Ramon, Lawton appears and seizes control of the entire town. While the player and Kalin team up to defeat him in a duel, Lawton states that his loss makes no difference to the fact that he now has the whole town under his command.
 Lawton attempts to rally his lackeys, only to find that they have all been beaten by Jack and Crow. He attempts to escape, only to be cornered by Toru and Misaki. Lawton, along with the other gangsters of Crash Town, are arrested by  Trudge  and  Mina . Peace is restored to the village, and it is renamed Satisfaction Town.
 
 Chapter 6 - Changes - Preparing for the Tournament and a Looming Shadow 
 Main article:  Changes: Preparing for the Tournament and a Looming Shadow 
 The player, Toru and Misaki decide to take part in the  WRGP . After deciding on a team name, they start maintenance on their Duel Runners. They found the same tools left behind by Yusei, and ask the player to return the tools. After returning the tools at Yusei's garage, Trudge and Mina pay Yusei a visit, as well as informing them about a mysterious turbo duelist  Ghost . Yusei also introduces the player to  Bruno .
 After returning to Toru's garage, the team decide to test run their duel runner on the highway. However, the player encounters Ghost, and is forced to duel him while witnessing the power of  Meklord Emperor Wisel . After winning, Ghost leaves the highway. Toru and Misaki warn the player to be careful.
 Back at the garage, Crow introduces the team to  Akiza , a new Turbo Duelist. They decide to have a few Turbo Duels with each other to let Akiza get the hang of Turbo Duels and her Duel Runner. While racing, a mysterious Turbo Duelist appears and tells the player that he/she has to evolve his/her Synchro Summon in order to defeat the Meklords. The Turbo Duelist then leaves without a word.
 A few days later, Klaus complains about Toru's duel runner being noisy at night. The player goes off to investigate, only to find that Toru's Duel Runner is stolen. As the player relays the information to Yusei, he/she also finds out that Jack's Duel Runner is also stolen. Trudge and Mina inform the player of a sudden recent surge of Duel Runner parts on sale in Satellite, and the player sets off to investigate this.
 He/she goes to the shop that sold him/her fake parts years ago, and duels the shopkeeper for information on the Duel Runner parts. He reveals that he bought the parts from  Syd . At the port, the player overhears two of Syd's henchmen,  Ida  and  Kameno  talking about selling Jack's duel runner. Upon getting discovered, Jack arrives and helps the player defeat Syd and his henchmen. Syd tries to escape, but is thwarted and taken away by Mina and Trudge. They help to send Toru's and Jack's Duel Runners back to their garage.
 Several days later, at the garage, Akiza arrives, looking for opponents to continue her Turbo Duel practice. Misaki, however, is busy working on a new duel runner program. Akiza mentions that Bruno can help with his skill in programming, and expresses her annoyance at how Yusei has been dedicating his time to working with Bruno. Bruno agrees to assist with the program, and Yusei goes off to apologize to Akiza. As the player leaves, he/she meets  Leo  and  Luna  who happen to be looking for Yusei. Jack also mentions that Bruno has finished the program for his team.
 The next day, the team decide to test the new Start Dash program at the combat lane. However,  Jack  shows up and forces the player to duel with him. After defeating him, it is revealed that the opponent is actually an imposter. The real Jack shows up and decides to hunt down the culprit.
 Meanwhile, the Grand Design appears, and the  Three Pure Nobles  start to put their plan into action.
 
 Final Chapter - To the Future - State of the WRGP and the World 
 Main article:  To the Future: State of the WRGP and the World 
 The WRGP finally begins. In the first match against  Team Unicorn , Breo defeats Toru by causing him to  deck out . Misaki defeats Breo, but is defeated by  Andre . The player then duels with Andre, and eventually  Jean , and win the first round. The next day, the team goes against  Team Catastrophe . Toru defeats the first duelist,  Hans .  Hermann , the second duelist, causes Toru to crash his Duel Runner. The player take over Toru, and defeated Hermann and the last duelist,  Nicolas . Nicolas, however, tries to crash the player's Duel Runner, but he ends up crashing instead due to Primo.
 The next day, Yusei congratulates the team on winning the first two rounds. He informs the player that Crow is practicing on the highway, and the player goes to practice with him. While riding on the highway, the player is transported into a desert with a large stone tablet is in front of him/her. After hearing a voice, he/she is given a " Blank Card ". The Emperors notice this and wonder why the player would be subject to this.
 The next day, Toru and the player are training when suddenly the city is invaded by many  Ghosts . Misaki, sensing this, transforms into the mysterious Turbo Duelist from before and drives off. The player is being chased by a group of Ghosts, who activates the  Battle Royal  mode. After escaping from the group of Ghosts, the player meets Primo, who combines with his Duel Runner and challenges the player, while the player's companions step up to take care of the remaining Ghosts. After Primo is defeated, Jakob and Lester appear to the player, Yusei and Jack, and explain their intention of changing the future by destroying New Domino City. When Jack and Yusei express their discontent with this future, Jakob tells them to continue winning in the WRGP to see if they truly can avert this fate.
 Back at the garage, the group finds out that the history had been altered. A new team,  Team New World , is participating in the WRGP. With Toru and Crow injured from the Diablo attack, Yusei, Jack and the player form a new Team 5D's to participate in the WRGP.
 During the day of the WRGP, the team is up against  Team Sherry , a team with only two members.  Sherry LeBlanc , the team leader, explains that she is after Iliaster for revenge. After Yusei is defeated by  Elsworth , the player takes over for him and defeats both Elsworth and Sherry. Sherry decides that her desire for revenge alone is not enough, and encourages Team 5D's to take down Iliaster.
 Before the next race, the player is greeted with a heated argument between Jack and  Harald . Harald mentions that his team,  Team Ragnarok , are destined to defeat the Iliaster, but they refuse to work with Team 5D's due to Yusei's past. The team faces off against Team Ragnarok.  Dragan  manages to defeat Jack. The player, however, defeats Dragan, and eventually  Brave  and Harald, thus defeating Team Ragnarok. Harald, too, encourages Team 5D's to take up their cause of defeating Iliaster.
 
         Toru, Misaki, and Team 5D's cheering the player on.     
 The next day, the final round of the WRGP against Team New World begins. Primo defeats both Yusei and Jack without even taking a scratch. When it is the player's turn, the " Blank Card " turns into three Synchro Monster Cards: " Ally of Justice Decisive Armor ", " Trident Dragion " and " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ". The game then takes the player to the Deck Edit menu, granting them the opportunity to add these new cards to the Deck. With Team 5D's cheering on, the player continues to defeat the entire Team New World on their own.
 The player reappears with Lester and Primo inside the room inside the  Divine Temple  in which  Z-one  is seen in in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. Having seen humanity's potential, Team New World resigns from their plan to destroy New Domino City and tells the player to carve their own future. The player reappears in the pits, with the Blank Card returning to its original state. Then, after discussing the future with Yusei and Jack, Team 5D's does a victory lap.
 The game skips forward a few days and the player's WRGP team are talking about their futures. The player goes to the pits, where Toru begins dueling Crow in an exclusive final round of the WRGP. Misaki turns to the player and a picture of Misaki smiling appears on the top screen. She thanks the player for saving the future - The credits roll, and the game ends.
 
 Special rules 
 In the 5D's Story Mode, some duels have special rules, a condition that is applied to both players or one of them. The following Special Rules are applied:
 
 Lawton : The player faces him with  Kalin Kessler  as the player's partner. Lawton starts with 10 cards in his hand. 
 Ghost : Must be defeated after he Summons " Meklord Emperor Wisel ∞ ". He will always go first. 
 WRGP Duels 
 The WRGP rules are similar to the anime. When a player loses, the next player will take over and retain the same cards on the field. The winning player's Deck is not shuffled, meaning the first Duelist in each WRGP Duel will always draw the same cards. If a player draws the five "Exodia" pieces they will instantly win all of the battles against the team. However, if a card like " Speed Spell - Gold Sarcophagus " is used, and the current opponent loses before the card is added to the controller's hand, it will not be added, after the correct turn count.
 
 Team Unicorn : When the player duels against  Andre , he has 2000  Life Points , " Thunder Unicorn " in  Attack Position  and 1  Set  monster (" Playful Possum "). The player has " Speed Spell - Mystical Space Typhoon " and " Speed Spell - One for One " set  face-down  on his/her field. Both have 3  Speed Counters  each. After defeating Andre, he/she continues to duel  Jean . 
 Team Catastrophe : When the player duels against  Hermann , he has 4000 Life Points, " Dream Clown " in Attack Position, 1 Set card (" No Entry!! ") and 1 Speed Counter. The player has " Scrap Goblin " in Attack Position, and " Speed Spell - Pot of Avarice " and " Speed Spell - Smashing Ground " set face-down on his/her field, and 3 Speed Counters. After defeating Hermann, he/she continues to duel  Nicolas . 
 Team Sherry : When the player duels against  Elsworth , he has 6000 Life Points, " Driven Daredevil " in Attack Position and 2 Speed Counters. The player has " Bottomless Trap Hole ", " Speed Spell - Angel Baton " and " Starlight Road " Set face-down on his/her field, and 7 Speed Counters. After defeating Elsworth, he/she continues to duel  Sherry LeBlanc . 
 Team Ragnarok : When the player duels against  Dragan , he has 4000 Life Points, " Thor, Lord of the Aesir " in Attack Position and 2 Speed Counters. The player has " Speed Spell - The End of Storm ", " Speed Spell - Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Ultimate Offering " and " Prideful Roar " set face-down on his/her field, and 6 Speed Counters. After defeating Dragan, he/she continues to duel  Brave , and eventually  Harald . 
 Team New World : When the player duels against  Primo , he has 8000 Life Points and " Red Nova Dragon " equipped to " Meklord Emperor Wisel " in Attack Position. The player has " Sangan " in  Defense Position  and " Synchro Material " set face-down on his/her field. Both have 3 Speed Counters each. After defeating Primo, he/she continues to duel  Lester , and eventually  Jakob . 
 Locations 
         Click on a location to view the area's article.     
         Click on a location to view the area's article.     
 Two maps are used to navigate through locations; the main map and the  Satisfaction Town  map. Each map has an icon in the bottom left to swap between maps The icon does not represent where one location is on the other map.
 Locations in the game on the main map include:
 
 Satellite 
 Port 
 Stadium 
 Outer Rim 
 Bay Parking 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Mountain Pass 
 Daimon Area 
 Locations in the game on Satisfaction Town's map include:
 
 Satisfaction Town 
 Mine 
 
 Bugs 
 Card programming errors 
 " Junk Synchron " can activate its effect when flip summoned, not just when normal summoned. 
 " Morphing Jar #2 " does not activate when flipped face-up by " All-Out Attacks ". This error may have been intended to prevent an  infinite loop  with no net change. 
 Like  Reverse of Arcadia , the numbers of Speed Counters required to activate " Speed Spell - Speed Storm " are incorrect. 3 or more Speed Counters are required to be able to activate the card, not 4 or more. 
 Reeze, Whirlwind of Gusto  is incorrectly able to target any monster you control to give to your opponent, not just Gusto monsters. 
 " Scrap Orthros " can  miss the activation timing  of its effect in this game. This should be impossible due to it's effect saying "if," not "when." 
 " Speed Spell - Faustian Bargain " can target any of the opponent monsters, not just ones that were Special Summoned. 
 " The Lady in Wight " grants immunity to applicable monsters on both sides of the field, despite stating "Zombie-Type monsters you control." Particularly noticeable when " Zombie World " is in play.
 The error is in the card text; the errata for "The Lady in Wight" released in  Gold Series: Haunted Mine  is correct. 
 " Unibird 's" effect normally requires another monster and the card itself to be removed from play, but there is a bug that makes possible for the player to only remove Unibird from the game to bring a level 2  Synchro Monster  like " Formula Synchron " from the  Graveyard . 
 The " Vylon Element " loop combo can't be done in this game, it will  miss the timing  instead. 
 Despite that you are given " Lightning Warrior " at the beginning of the game in your Starter Deck, for some unknown reason, the game might not be able to read the card being in your trunk and you're unable to use it in deck editing outside the Starter Deck. This issue does not occur, however, if you edit your Starter Deck without removing Lightning Warrior from the  Extra Deck .
 However, using password on the " Lightning Warrior " seems to remove the problem. 
 Card text errors 
 " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon ", " Manga Ryu-Ran ", " Toon Mermaid " and " Toon Summoned Skull " all have a grammar error stating "If a face-up "Toon" monster is on your opponent's side of the field,  your  must select the "Toon" monster as an attack target". 
 " Destiny HERO - Plasma " reads "your opponent's effect monster" whereas it should be "effect  monsters ". 
 " Laval Judgment Lord 's" effect mentions "Laval Lord Judgment". 
 " Speed Spell - Dash Pilfer " reads "Gain control of ' 1face-up'  Defense position monster." 
 " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier " is spelled as "Trishula, Dragon of the Ice  barrier ". 
 The effect of " Nimble Musasabi " reads ". . .You can also Special Summon up to 2 "Nimble Musasabi" to you opponent's side of the field. . ." 
 " Lancer Dragonute " is spelled as "Rancer Dragonute". 
 Gameplay errors 
 When starting a Duel, every now and then the music will not start until a later turn. 
 Certain parts of the dialogue when playing as a female refer to the player as "him", "he", etc. 
 When not abbreviated, the WRGP is spelled as "World Riding  Gran  Prix". 
 When viewing a replay or when recipe dueling, the Duel music is set to either the title screen music of this game or the person the player last dueled. 
 Sometimes when a monster with an animated Summon sequence, such as " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " is Summoned, the card's name will be flickering. 
 When viewing a replay of dueling 3-4 duelists (through a Dueling Simulator or WRGP), the player's life points are set to zero, but the duel goes on as usual. 
 During the WRGP duels, if the player uses an alternative artwork of a card obtained from  Kazuhiro , the artwork of the card will change in-between duels. For example, if the player uses  Cyber Dragon  with its artwork from  Duelist Pack: Zane Truesdale , the artwork will change to that from  Cybernetic Revolution . This is a minor error that should not affect the Duel itself. 
 During the WRGP duels, when a player wins a duel by inflicting damage through a non-Continuous card effect (like " Magic Cylinder "), the card remains on the field face-up instead of going to the Graveyard when the CPU switches. The card effect's do not activate after the CPU switch.
 The CPU will not register that this card has already been activated so if it activates a card like " Mystical Space Typhoon " there is a chance the CPU will destroy the activated card instead of any actual face downs you may have. 
 During the WRGP duels, if a player uses a card that changes control of a  Monster  for only one turn, it will stay on the player's field for the rest of the continued duels if the player defeats his/her opponent on the same turn. This is because the  End Phase  of that turn will never occur. 
 If a  Monster  with  Piercing  Damage attacks a  Set  Monster and the Damage would result in the opponent's loss, the "Final Attack" text will still be said when declaring the attack. 
 Misc. errors 
 When purchasing the  Starter Deck  modeled after  Starter Deck 2010 , the description will mention " Road Warrior " instead of " Junk Destroyer ". 
 Starting Deck 
 
 WC11 Starter Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alien Shocktrooper 
 Frostosaurus 
 Gem-Knight Garnet  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Anarchist Monk Ranshin 
 Armored Bee 
 Chiron the Mage 
 Des Koala 
 Exploder Dragon 
 Giant Rat  x2 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Naturia Cherries  x3 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Super-Nimble Mega Hamster 
 Trident Warrior  x2 
 Winged Rhynos 
 X-Saber Airbellum 
 Zaborg the Thunder Monarch Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 Lightning Warrior 
 Magical Android 
 X-Saber Wayne Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Fissure  x2 
 Hammer Shot 
 Intercept Wave 
 Lucky Iron Axe 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Shield Crush 
 Shrink  x2 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Limit Reverse 
 Raigeki Break 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit  x2 
 Trap Hole  x2 Other   *  Consecrated Light 
 Delg the Dark Monarch 
 Magna Drago 
 Reese the Ice Mistress 
 Saber Beetle 
 Double Cyclone 
 Foolish Return 
 Heat Wave 
 Twister 
 Warrior Elimination 
 Chaos Trap Hole 
 Crevice Into the Different Dimension 
 Dust Tornado 
 Light-Imprisoning Mirror 
 Trap Jammer 
 
 WC11 Turbo Starter Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alien Shocktrooper 
 Frostosaurus 
 Gem-Knight Garnet  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Anarchist Monk Ranshin 
 Armored Bee 
 Chiron the Mage 
 Des Koala 
 Exploder Dragon 
 Giant Rat  x2 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Naturia Cherries  x3 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Super-Nimble Mega Hamster 
 Trident Warrior  x2 
 Winged Rhynos 
 X-Saber Airbellum 
 Zaborg the Thunder Monarch Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth 
 Lightning Warrior 
 Magical Android 
 X-Saber Wayne Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Fissure  x2 
 Speed Spell - Hammer Shot 
 Speed Spell - Monster Reincarnation 
 Speed Spell - Shield Crush 
 Speed Spell - Shrink  x2 
 Speed Spell - Silver Contrails 
 Speed Spell - Soul Exchange 
 Speed Spell - Speed Energy 
 Speed Spell - Twister 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Limit Reverse 
 Raigeki Break 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit  x2 
 Trap Hole  x2 Other   *  Consecrated Light 
 Delg the Dark Monarch 
 Magna Drago 
 Reese the Ice Mistress 
 Saber Beetle 
 Speed Spell - Dark Core 
 Speed Spell - Soul Taker 
 Speed Spell - Special Hurricane 
 Speed Spell - Summon Speeder 
 Speed Spell - Synchro Defuse 
 Chaos Trap Hole 
 Crevice Into the Different Dimension 
 Dust Tornado 
 Light-Imprisoning Mirror 
 Trap Jammer 
 Promotional cards 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus promotional cards 
 A set of three promotional cards are included with the game. These cards were used by  Sherry LeBlanc  (hence the french names) in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime [6]  and are as follows:
 
 Z-ONE 
 Sorciere de Fleur 
 Necro Fleur 
 Blue Rose Dragon  is a promotional card with the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011 - Over the Nexus Strategy Guide .
 
 Gallery 
 North American English cover European cover (except Germany) German cover Japanese cover Korean cover North American English back cover 
 See also 
 Pack list 
 List of Duel Runner parts 
 Side events 
 Duel Puzzle Solutions (WC11) 
 Rental Deck Duel 
 Information about unlocking packs 
 References 
 
 ↑   Amazon.com  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 ↑   [1]   http://www.game.co.uk/Games/DSi-and-DS-Lite/Role-Playing/Yu-Gi-Oh-World-Championship-2011-Over-the-Nexus/~r354238/?d=1z13mmxZ1z13f85 
 
 ↑   [2]  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 ↑   [3]  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 ↑   [4] 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 140: " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/WC11-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111015074601', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Flag_of_the_United_Kingdom.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/Ygo_wc_2011.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101121103756', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Toru_Misaki_5Ds-WC11.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110617020618', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', '/extensions-ucp/v2/ImageMap/resources/desc-20.png', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/WorldMap-WC11.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20110710060347', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', '/extensions-ucp/v2/ImageMap/resources/desc-20.png', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/WorldMapSatisfactionTown-WC11.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20110712060738', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/WC11-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20111015074601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/WC11-VideoGameEU.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150606045113', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/WC11-VideoGameEU.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150606045113', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/WC11-VideoGameJP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20110404193751', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/WC11-VideoGameKR.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150606045133', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/WC11_OTN_back.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20110501140736', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus, Video games