Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_163


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 サイコ・ショッカーからの挑戦状 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 A Challenge from Psycho Shocker 
 
 
 Number 
 163 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 28, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Infernal Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " 
 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Challenge From Jinzo ", known as " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and sixty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 28, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on September 13, 2016.
 Zane  washes up on the beach around  Duel Academy , somehow still alive. A  Jinzo Art   Duelist  named  Makoto Inotsume  defeats  Chancellor Sheppard  and wishes to  Duel  Zane to destroy the  Cyber Art  once and for all. Zane is still recovering from his heart problems, but Duels Inotsume anyway.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Zane Truesdale vs. Makoto Inotsume 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 A helicopter carrying  Chancellor Sheppard  has crashed on a small island while en route back to  Duel Academy . As the pilot calls for help, Sheppard  Duels  their mysterious attacker, but loses as his " Cyber Ogre " is  destroyed . His opponent comments that Sheppard's skills were not impressive, despite him being the formal master of the  Cyber Art . He introduces himself as  Makoto Inotsume , a licensed holder of the  Jinzo Art . He states that his true target is the current master of the Cyber Art -  Zane Truesdale . Thought to be missing, Inotsume believes him to be alive.
 At  Duel Academy 's infirmary, Zane sits in a wheelchair, his heart still very weak.  Nurse Fontaine  reveals that he should make a full recovery if he doesn't exert himself. Regardless, no one is sure how he is alive, he had inexplicably washed up the shores of Duel Academy some weeks earlier, despite his heart stopping when he lost his  last Duel against Yubel . Zane's brother,  Syrus  pushes his wheelchair along the beach, and the two talk. Syrus reveals that  Alexis  has been accepted into an American Duel college, and Syrus recalls Zane's  graduation match  against  Jaden . Syrus states that both Zane and Jaden have changed a lot since that Duel. Zane asks what Syrus plans for his future - he doesn't want to spend it watching over Jaden. Zane states it's Syrus' turn to change now.
 Nurse Fontaine receives a call from Chancellor Sheppard, and she runs to Zane to allow him to speak with him. Sheppard warns him of Inotsume's vendetta against Cyber Art  Duelists , and urges Zane to leave the island now, as he is in no condition to Duel. Syrus promises to keep Zane from Dueling, and Sheppard states he's counting on it. Zane claims that both Sheppard and Syrus are overreacting. That night, Inotsume arrives on the island, and throws a note through Zane's window, stating he'll be waiting at the beach at midnight. Syrus arrives later to find Zane's room empty, and rushes to find him before the Duel begins. He gets Jaden to help him, but they are too late.
 Inotsume thanks Zane for accepting his challenge and not running, and states that the Jinzo Art was written out of history as an "improper style", and that tonight is the night that changes, and the legacy of Cyber Art is destroyed. The Duel begins, and Inotsume dominates, using " Drillago " and " Limiter Removal " to reduce Zane to 800  Life Points  on his first  turn . He also activates " DNA Erasure Magic ", which prevents a specified  Type  of monster from being  sent  to the  Graveyard . He declares  Dragon -Type, which more or less seals the power of " Cyberdark Dragon ". With every card Zane plays, his heart gives out more and more. Zane manages to avoid taking any more damage using " Power Wall " and " Fusion Guard ", and intends to  activate  " Rebirth Judgment ", which would let him turn all monsters in the Graveyard into Dragon-Types, allowing him to circumvent the effect of Inotsume's "DNA Erasure Magic". However, his heart gives out after activating it, and he collapses.
 Inotsume asks if he's surrendering, which would mean that the  Cyber Art Dojo  would be abolished. Syrus goes to move Zane's hand to top of his Deck to indicate a surrender. But when Syrus' hand touches the Deck, he receives a shock. Syrus decides he will take over and continue the Duel in Zane's stead, stating that neither Cyber Art nor his brother will bow to Jinzo Art. Inotsume gives Syrus three days to train using Zane's Deck before they Duel, opting to start a new Duel rather than continue this one.
 
 Featured Duel: Zane Truesdale vs. Makoto Inotsume 
 Turn 1: Zane 
Zane draws " Infernal Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2000/0) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Makoto 
Makoto draws " Drillago " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/1100) in Attack Position. Makoto then activates " Limiter Removal " to double the ATK of "Drillago" ("Drillago": 1600 → 3200/1100) until the End Phase. "Drillago" then attacks directly via its own effect (Zane 4000 → 800).
 Makoto then  activates  " DNA Erasure Magic " and declares  Dragon  for its effect. Now as long as this card remains face-up, all monsters of the declared type will be removed from play instead of being sent to the Graveyard. Makoto then  Sets  a card. On Makoto's  End Phase , "Drillago" is destroyed due to the final effect of "Limiter Removal".
 Turn 3: Zane 
Zane draws. He then Normal Summons " Cyberdark Keel " (800/800) in Attack Position. "Infernal Dragon" attacks directly, but Makoto activates his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to  Special Summon  "Drillago" (1600/1100) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. A replay occurs and Zane uses "Infernal Dragon" to attack and destroy "Drillago" (Makoto 4000 → 3600). "Cyberdark Keel" attacks directly (Makoto 3600 → 2800). Zane then Sets three cards. On Zane's End Phase, "Infernal Dragon" is destroyed due to its first effect.
 Turn 4: Makoto 
Makoto draws. He then Normal Summons " Jinzo - Returner " (600/0) in Attack Position. "Jinzo - Returner" attacks directly via its own effect, but Zane activates his face-down " Power Wall " to send the top six cards of his Deck (" Cyberdark Edge ", " Cyberdark Horn ", " Polymerization ", " Card from a Different Dimension ", " Different Dimension Capsule " and " Power Bond ") to the Graveyard and decrease the damage he takes by 600 (100 for each card sent to the Graveyard this way).
 Makoto then activates " Psychic Wave " to send " Jinzo " from his Deck to the Graveyard and inflict damage to Zane equal to the ATK of "Jinzo - Returner", but Zane activates his face-down " Fusion Guard " to negate the effect of "Psychic Wave" and send " Cyber End Dragon " from his  Fusion Deck  to the Graveyard. Makoto Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Zane 
Zane draws. He then activates his face-down " Rebirth Judgment "
 At this point, Zane collapses due to his heart problems and is unable to continue, so the Duel ends with no result.
 
 Trivia 
 The appearance of "Jinzo" as part of its own archetype with a mini version of itself, which helps summon it sooner, and a stronger version of itself, which requires it as a specific sacrifice, mirrors that of " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " in episodes  28  and  29 . In the  original series , both cards were used by  Joey Wheeler . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberdark Edge [Notes 1] 
 Cyberdark Horn [Notes 1] 
 Cyberdark Keel 
 Infernal Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon [Notes 2] 
 Chimeratech Overdragon [Notes 2] 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon [Notes 2] 
 Cyberdark Dragon [Notes 2] 
 Five-Headed Dragon [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card from a Different Dimension [Notes 1] 
 Different Dimension Capsule [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization [Notes 1] 
 Power Bond [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Fusion Guard 
 Power Wall 
 Rebirth Judgment 
 
 Makoto Inotsume Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillago 
 Jinzo 
 Jinzo - Returner Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 DNA Erasure Magic 
 Limiter Removal 
 Psychic Wave 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 
 Chancellor Sheppard Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Ogre 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Rainbow Dark Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Elemental Hero Shining Flare Wingman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle Fusion  x2 
 Cybernetic Zone 
 Limiter Removal 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   This card is sent from the top of his Deck to the Graveyard via the effect of "" Power Wall ". 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   This card can be seen as part of his  Fusion Deck  after  activating  " Fusion Guard ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Series163.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121226212638']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes