Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bronk_Stone_(Duel_Links)


 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 武田鉄男 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Robb Moreira 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Makoto Shimada 
 
 
 
 Bronk Stone  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Bronk Stone , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime.
 Yellow Gate Keys are required to duel Bronk at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Team Tournament (thirteen) 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuma and Astral 
 7.1.2   Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 7.1.3   Quattro 
 7.1.4   Rio Kastle 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yuma's lifelong friend and classmate has never lost a Duel against Yuma - until Yuma acquired a Number Card. Bronk may look tough and talk rough, but he always has his friends' backs. He forms "The Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club" with his friends to help Yuma and Astral's Duels. His ace monster is Tin Archduke.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Bronk Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Golgoil  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Mech Bass 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Attack  x2 
 Dust Barrier  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 I'm in action! Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Tool 
 Bat  x3 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Steel Scorpion  x3 
 Wind-Up Bat  x3 
 Wind-Up Rat  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Tin Archduke Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Legendary Wind-Up Key 
 Magnet Circle LV2 
 Traps 
 Zenmairch  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 I'll take ya on! Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon  x3 
 Disk Magician  x3 
 Giga-Tech Wolf  x3 
 Steel Ogre Grotto 1 
 Effect Monsters 
 Wind-Up Bat  x2 
 Wind-Up Honeybee 
 Wind-Up Rat  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Mira the Star-Bearer 
 Tin Archduke Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Legendary Wind-Up Key 
 Machine Assembly Line 
 Zenmailfunction 
 Traps 
 Zenmairch  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Iron Wind-Ups Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearspring Spirit 
 UFO Turtle  x2 
 Wind-Up Bat  x2 
 Wind-Up Dog  x3 
 Wind-Up Honeybee  x3 
 Wind-Up Rat  x2 
 Wind-Up Shark  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 Mira the Star-Bearer 
 Tin Archduke  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Iron Call 
 Iron Draw 
 Zenmailfunction 
 Traps 
 Zenmairch  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Blade Bop Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aye-Iron  x3 
 Tin Goldfish  x2 
 Wind-Up Juggler 
 Wind-Up Kitten 
 Wind-Up Magician 
 Wind-Up Snail 
 Wind-Up Soldier  x3 
 Wind-Up Warrior Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 Tin Archduke  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Iron Call 
 Iron Draw 
 Wind-Up Factory  x2 
 Zenmailfunction 
 Traps 
 Overwind 
 Zenmairch 
 Tag Team Tournament (thirteen) 
 
 You Can't Beat Us! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aye-Iron  x3 
 Tin Goldfish  x2 
 UFO Turtle  x2 
 Wind-Up Juggler 
 Wind-Up Knight 
 Wind-Up Magician 
 Wind-Up Rat 
 Wind-Up Soldier  x2 
 Wind-Up Warrior Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gear Gigant X 
 Tin Archduke Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Iron Call 
 Iron Draw 
 Weights & Zenmaisures 
 Wind-Up Factory 
 Zenmailfunction 
 Traps 
 Zenmairch 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Bronk reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Aye-Iron "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Bronk Stone)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Toy Emperor "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Bronk Stone)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Wind-Up Rat "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Tag
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Overlay Gain ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Aye-Iron "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Toy Emperor "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Wind-Up Rat "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Iron Aye ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Tin Archduke "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Aye-Iron "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Toy Emperor "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Bronk Stone)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Wind-Up Rat "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Wind-Up Zenmaister "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Wind-Up Zenmaister "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Bronk, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Tin Archduke "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Biofalcon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Toy Soldier "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Wind-Up Honeybee "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Weights & Zenmaisures "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Battle Footballer "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Oilman "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Crowning of the Emperor "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Cyber Soldier "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Karakuri Spider "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Return of the Archduke
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Tin Archduke" to your Extra Deck. Can be used if your opponent controls a monster in Defense Position. Return 1 "Tin Archduke" from your Graveyard to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Iron Aye
 
 Can only be used the turn you activated the effect of a card whose original name is "Aye-Iron". Increase the ATK of 1 "Aye-Iron" you control by 400. This Skill can only be used once per turn and three times per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Iron Call
 
 Can only be used during the next turn after you have activated "Iron Call". Return 1 Machine-Type monster from your hand to your Deck. Then, return 1 "Iron Call" from your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 I've Seen That Deck Before
 
 Can be used if you and your opponent control a card/cards with the same name(s). Recover 500 Life Points for each different card with the same name. This Skill can only be used once per turn and three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Recycling Reserve
 
 Can be used if you have at least 2 more Machine-Type monsters than other cards in your Graveyard. All cards in your Graveyard other than Machine-Type monsters vanish. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gain the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of this turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost δ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 3500, reduces hand by 3 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuma and Astral , Bronk announces "I'm gonna extend your losing streak, Yuma!
 When he wins the Duel, Bronk says "You should try this thing called strategy next time." or "Feel the flow? More like feel the no." 
 When he loses the Duel, Bronk says "Yuma! You created an amazing combo!" followed by "...Or did Astral come up with it?" 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 When starting a Duel with  Reginald Kastle , Bronk announces "Shark might be tough, but I'm no slouch!" 
 Quattro 
 When Bronk wins a Duel against  Quattro , he says "I did it! I defeated Quattro!" 
 When Bronk loses a duel against Quattro, he says "Argh... Rargh..." 
 Rio Kastle 
 When starting a Duel with " Rio Kastle ", Bronk announces "Hey uh Rio... You uh, like, want to Duel?
 When he wins the Duel, Bronk says "Rio, I hope you'll Duel me again soon!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Bronk says "Rio's scary when she's tough, but that's pretty cool." or "Rio, I'm gonna get stronger! A lot stronger! Just you watch!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Bronk Summons " Tin Archduke ", a cut-in frame of Bronk briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Tin Archduke!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Tin Archduke" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Tin Archduke" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Tin Archduke!" followed by "Blade Bop!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Tin Archduke's effect!" followed by "I use 1 Overlay Unit to switch your monster's position!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Number 39: Utopia ", a cut-in frame of Bronk briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Number 39: Utopia!" followed by "W-Whoa! I never knew Numbers were this powerful!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "This is how I high five the sky! Utopia! Attack!" followed by "Rising Sun Slash!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia's effect!" followed by "Light Wing Shield!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Gear Gigant X ", a cut-in frame of Bronk's face briefly appears, and he announces "Go! Gear Gigant X!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down, Gear Gigant X!" 
 When Bronk activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "For 1 Overlay Unit, I can activate Gear Gigant X's effect!" 
 When Bronk activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gear Gigant X left the field, so it's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiagear Gigant XG ", a cut-in frame of Bronk's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Geargiagear Gigant XG!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiagear Gigant XG attacks!" followed by "Giga Cross Spin!" 
 When Bronk activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Geargiagear Gigant XG's effect!" 
 When Bronk activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Geargiagear Gigant XG leaves the field, it's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Arsenal Zenmaioh ", a cut-in frame of Bronk's face appears, and he announces "Let's do this Wind-Up Arsenal Zenmaioh!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Arsenal Zenmaioh attacks!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Zenmaioh's effect!" followed by "It destroys 2 Set cards!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Carrier Zenmaity ", a cut-in frame of Bronk's face appears, and he announces "I launch Wind-Up Carrier Zenmaity!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Carrier Zenmaity attacks!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Zenmaity's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Zenmaines ", he says  "I have two Level 3 monsters, so I can Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Bronk's face appears, and he announces "Don't let me down, Wind-Up Zenmaines!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go! Wind-Up Zenmaines attacks!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Zenmaines's effect destroys a card!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Zenmaister ", a cut-in frame of Bronk's face appears, and he announces "Wind-Up Zenmaister! I'm countin' on ya'!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Zenmaister attacks!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Zenmaister's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Aye-Iron ", he announces "Bounce on in, Aye-Iron!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Aye-Iron, pounce on 'em!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Aye-Iron's effect!" followed by "It gains 400 ATK once per turn!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Evigishki Merrowgeist ", he chants  "Do I have two Level 4 monsters...? I do! I Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, he announces "Evigishki Merrowgeist! Come on out!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Evigishki Merrowgeist! Take 'em down!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Evigishki Merrowgeist's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiaccelerator ", he annnounces "Burn rubber, Geargiaccelerator!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiaccelerator, Step on the Gas!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Geargiaccelerator's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargianchor ", he announces "I'm launchin' Geargianchor!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargianchor! Attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Geargianchor's effect." 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiano ", he announces "Join the Duel Geargiano!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiano, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use Geargiano's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiano Mk-II ", he announces "Here comes Geargiano Mk-II!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiano MK-II, attack! 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Geargiano Mk-II's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiano Mk-III ", he announces "Let's do this, Geargiano MK-III!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiano MK-III, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Geargiano MK-III's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiarmor ", he announces "Geargiarmor, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiarmor, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Geargiarmor's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiarsenal ", he announces "Go Geargiarsenal!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiarsenal! Steamroll 'em!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Geargiarsenal's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiattacker ", he announces "Geargiattacker, Soar!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lock-on target, Geargiattacker!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Geargiattacker's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Geargiauger ", he announces "Here comes Geargiauger!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geargiauger, drill 'em!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Geargiauger's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Gearspring Spirit ", he announces "I Special Summon Gearspring Spirit!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gearspring Spirit attacks!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gearspring Spirit lowers your monster's ATK to 0!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Mira the Star-Bearer ", he says " I'll use three Level 1 monsters to Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Appear, Mira the Star-Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Mira the Star-Bearer!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Shining Elf ", he says  "I overlay two Level 2's to Xyz Summon!"  Afterwards, he announces "Here comes Shining Elf!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Light 'em up, Shining Elf!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shining Elf's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Shreddder ", he announces "Here's Shreddder!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shreddder attacks! 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a Machine to activate Shreddder's effect!" followed by "It destroys your monster with equal or lower Level!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Tin Goldfish ", he announces "Come out, Tin Goldfish!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tin Goldfish, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces ""This lets me Special Summon a Level 4 monster from my hand!" 
 When Bronk Summons " UFO Turtle ", he announces "UFO Turtle, fly! ... or crawl."
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "UFO Turtle attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "UFO Turtle's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Bat ", he announces "Wind-Up Bat, fly!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Bat, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Bat's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Dog ", he announces "Come out! Wind-Up Dog!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces  "Go fetch Wind-Up Dog!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Dog's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Honeybee ", he announces "Wind-Up Honeybee, come out!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sting 'em, Wind-Up Honeybee!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Honeybee's effect activates when it's destroyed!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Juggler ", he announces "Come out! Wind-Up Juggler!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Juggler! Attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Wind-Up Juggler's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Knight ", he announces "Here's Wind-Up Knight!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces  "Wind-Up Knight! Strike 'em!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Knight is using its effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Magician ", he announces "Oh yeah! Here's Wind-Up Magician!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em Wind-Up Magician!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Rabbit ", he announces "Hop to it, Wind-Up Rabbit!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wind-Up Rabbit!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Rabbit's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Rat ", he announces "Wind-Up Rat! Let's Go!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wind-Up Rat!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Rat's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Shark ", he announces "Let's go, Wind-Up Shark!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Shark! Feeding frenzy!" 
 When Bronk activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When a Wind-Up monster is Summoned, I can bring this out!" 
 When Bronk activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Shark's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Snail ", he announces "Wind-Up Snail is slowly makin' it's way here!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Snail! You can take your time... but attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Snail's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Soldier ", he announces "Wind-Up Soldier is here to battle!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces  "Wind-Up Soldier! Attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Soldier's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Warrior ", he announces "Here comes Wind-Up Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wind-Up Warrior!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Warrior's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Bronk activates " Call of the Haunted ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Call of the Haunted!" 
 When Bronk activates " Geargia Change ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Geargia Change!"" 
 When Bronk activates " Geargiagear ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Geargiagear!" followed by "I Special Summon 2 Geargianos from my Deck!" 
 When Bronk activates " Iron Call ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Iron Call!" Followed by "It revives a Level 4 or lower Machine from the Graveyard!" 
 When Bronk activates " Legendary Wind-Up Key ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Legendary Wind-up Key!" followed by "My Wind-Up monsters switch to face-down Defense Position!" 
 When Bronk activates " Machine Assembly Line ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Machine Assembly Line!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Bronk announces "Machine Assembly Line revives a Machine monster!" followed by "If it's Level is equal or less than the Junk Counters!" 
 When Bronk activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "I activate my Spell, Monster Reborn!" 
 When Bronk activates " Overwind ", he announces "I active my Trap! Overwind!" followed by "My Wind-Up monster's ATK and DEF are doubled!" 
 When Bronk activates " Rush Recklessly ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Rush Recklessly!" followed by "The monster I choose gains 700 ATK!" 
 When Bronk activates " Weights & Zenmaisures ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Weights & Zenmaisures!" 
 When Bronk activates " Wind-Up Factory ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Wind-Up Factory!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Bronk announces "Wind-Up Factory's effect activates!" followed by "I add a Wind-Up monster in my Deck to my hand!" 
 When Bronk activates " Zenmailfunction ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Zenmailfunction!" followed by "I resurrect a Wind-Up from my Graveyard in Defense Position!" 
 When Bronk activates " Zenmailstrom ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Zenmailstrom!" 
 When Bronk activates " Zenmairch ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Zenmairch!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Hunter ", he announces "Here's Wind-Up Hunter!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Hunter, attack!" 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Wind-Up Hunter's effect!" 
 When Bronk Summons " Wind-Up Kitten ", he announces "Wind-Up Kitten is here!"
 Most of the time when Bronk declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Pounce, Wind-Up Kitten! 
 When Bronk activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wind-Up Kitten's effect activates 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Bronk activates " Iron Draw ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Iron Draw!" followed by "I have 2 Machine Effect Monsters in play, so I draw 2 cards!" 
 When Bronk activates " Limiter Removal ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal! 
 When Bronk activates " Zenmaiday ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Zenmaiday!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Bronk announces "Zenmaiday's effect activates!" 
 Trivia 
 Some of the cards for which Bronk has card-specific dialogue, such as the  Geargia  archetype, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to his video game counterparts ( Legacy of the Duelist ,  Millennium Duels ,  Tag Force , and  World Duel Carnival ) using those said cards. 
 The inclusion of " Number 39: Utopia " as card-specific dialogue references how Bronk was given this card by Yuma in order to Duel against  Number 96 , who had possessed Yuma's body, in  episode 20  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 The inclusion of " Evigishki Merrowgeist ", " Mira the Star-Bearer ", " Shining Elf ", and " Wind-Up Zenmaines " as card-specific dialogue references Bronk and Tori using these cards in a Duel Puzzle against a Heartland Security Robot in  episode 60  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 Yuma and Astral ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Jack Atlas ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Leo , Bronk Stone,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Mako Tsunami ,  Sartorius Kumar , Yuma Tsukumo, and Bronk Stone are the Legendary Duelists whose original english voice actors didn't reprise their roles in-game.
 In  Duel Links , Robb Moreira voices Bronk, instead of Bronk's original English VA,  Sean Schemmel . 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and  Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) ,  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi , Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
Bronk Stone ( Tetsuo Takeda ) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Duel Terminal 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/BronkStone-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200930034741', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Profile-DULI-BronkStone.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162520', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/CutIn-DULI-BronkStone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930125704', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Summoning-DULI-BronkStone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930040119', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Defeat-DULI-BronkStone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930040150', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Icon-DULI-BronkStone.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162428', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/Icon-DULI-BronkStone2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162712', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bronk Stone pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters