Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Trout


 
 Trout 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Trout 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Teppei Tairyobata 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 大 漁 旗   鉄 平 大漁旗 鉄平 たいりょうばた てっぺい Rōmaji: ( Tairyōbata Teppei ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 오광수 
 
 
 French name  
 Truite 
 
 
 German name  
 Trout 
 
 
 Italian name  
 Trota 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Top 16     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Legendary Fisherman 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kōji Takeda [1] 
 
 
 
 Trout , known as  Teppei Tairyobata  ( 大 漁 旗   鉄 平   Tairyōbata Teppei ) in the Japanese version, is a participant in the  Arc League Championship  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Personality 
 Trout is rather arrogant, greedy, and lazy, having plotted to become allies with  Reed , only for him to do all the hard work during the  Battle Royale  so Trout could take away all his  Pendulum Monsters  after the latter was exhausted. He also rejected  Gong 's challenge unless he bet 5 Pendulum Monsters, knowing that he would be unable to do that. He likes taking credit and only acts when there's a worthy enough reward from him, as he didn't want to help  Yuya  when he was in his  Awakened State  and tried to persuade Yuya into giving him Pendulum Monsters without Dueling.
 He can also be a coward at times, as he was reluctant to face the  Obelisk Force  and only accepted due to Pepper's insistence. Despite seeing Reed as just a pawn at first, their friendship did become genuine, shown when Reed was brutally defeated and sealed into  a card .
 
 Biography 
 Arc League Championship 
       Trout     
 He is a Fishing Duelist, and his favorite catchphrase is "Let’s catch a big haul of fish!". He has qualified to the Final 16 of the ALCS, and takes part in the  Battle Royal  challenge.
 Trout went to the Jungle Area and hooked a  Pendulum Monster  to his fishing line, waiting for an unsuspecting Duelist to pick it up. Reed picked up the card and Trout reeled it in, suggesting an alliance with him. He laid two more traps, catching  Halil  and  Olga , and Reed Dueled them by himself. Trout plotted to have Reed defeat the competition and then defeat him himself to assure his own place in the Top 8. As he was watching the Duel, Gong approached him and challenged him. However, Trout refused Gong's bet off a single Pendulum Card and told him to come back when he could bet five, much to Gong's fury. [1] 
 After Reed defeated Olga and Halil, Trout brashly took their Pendulum Cards, much to the duo's disdain. Trout was then roped into restraining a berserk  Yuya Sakaki  by  Aura  and helped hold him down, but was injured for his trouble. Losing his temper, he claimed that he wasn't Reed's friend, and Reed Pepper agreed, stating that he'd teamed up with Trout to improve his skills. Yuya soon calmed down, and Trout provided fish for their evening meal. He tried to swindle Yuya's Pendulum Cards out of him, but no one listened to him. [2]  Reed cooked breakfast for them the next day, and Trout sincerely called him the best partner for both his cooking and Dueling skills. Yuya explained to Trout and Reed about the  Duelists  who had invaded from  another Dimension , and they split up to look for everyone else. [3]  Trout and Reed found Aura, who had run off beforehand, in the Iceberg Area and decided to get her to safety, much to Trout's discomfort. However, they ended up running into the Obelisk Force, who were Dueling fellow competitors  Shay Obsidian  and  Moon Shadow , as well as  a girl resembling Zuzu . Reed intervened, dragging Trout with them, causing them to suffer the intrusion penalty of 2000  LP . Despite this, Trout combined his " The Legendary Fisherman III " with Reed's " Royal Cookpals " to deal 2000  damage  to each of their opponents. Their combo had inadvertently set up the Obelisk Force's own combo, which allowed them to revive their monsters with boosted  ATK , inflict half of that ATK as damage, and then double that damage. Reed was defeated first and sealed into a card, much to Trout's sincere shock, and Trout was defeated next. In his final moments before being  sealed himself , he dazedly wondered why Reed was a card, since they were supposed to be the strongest combination. [4] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Trout was freed from his  card , but had lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . He was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Reed  and  Aura . [5]  He is later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Reed [6]  and applauded when Yuya won. He then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [7]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed Zuzu's revival. [8] 
 
 Deck 
 Trout uses a  Legendary Fisherman Deck , focused around Summoning his ace monster, " The Legendary Fisherman III ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 The Legendary Fisherman III Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Inlet 
 
 Others Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulum Statue Purple Shield 
 Pendulum Statue Purple Sword 
 Pendulum Statue Red Fairy 
 Pendulum Statue Red Fiend 
 Pendulum Statue White Butterfly 
 Pendulum Statue White Flower 
 Pendulum Statue Yellow Scarab 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 48 
 Lose (with  Reed Pepper , win for  Celina ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Moon Shadow )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 44: " Danger Zones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Trout.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150201181225', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Trout_%282%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150201185014']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters