Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Rex_Goodwin_(Duel_Links)


 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Murray Thom 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shinya Kote 
 
 
 
 Dark Signer  Rex Goodwin  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Rex Goodwin , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 He is exclusive to the  special event   Raid Duel - The Netherworld Cometh: Wireqocha Rasca , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 
 5.1   Main release 
 
 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-Specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Dark Signer Goodwin Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ganigumo  x3 
 Lord of Zemia  x3 
 Meotoko  x3 
 Sectarian of Secrets  x3 
 That Which Feeds on Life  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yami 
 Level 10 
 
 King of the Netherworld Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dragon Statue  x3 
 Ganigumo  x3 
 One Who Hunts Souls  x3 
 Sectarian of Secrets  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Book of Taiyou 
 Darkness Approaches  x2 
 Traps 
 Statue of the Wicked  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Sun and Moon Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elephant Statue of Blessing  x3 
 Elephant Statue of Disasterx 3 
 Oracle of the Sun  x2 
 Weeping Idol  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fire Ant Ascator  x2 
 Supay  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Moon Dragon Quilla 
 Sun Dragon Inti Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Traps 
 Generation Shift  x2 
 Statue of the Wicked 
 Level 30 
 
 Ultimate Deity Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apocatequil  x3 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Earthbound Linewalker 
 Oracle of the Sun  x2 
 Weeping Idol  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fire Ant Ascator  x2 
 Supay  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Moon Dragon Quilla  x2 
 Sun Dragon Inti  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor  x2 
 Traps 
 Altar of the Bound Deity 
 Earthbound Wave 
 Roar of the Earthbound Immortal 
 Level 40 
 
 Ultimate Immortal Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apocatequil  x3 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca  x2 
 Earthbound Linewalker 
 Oracle of the Sun  x3 
 Weeping Idol  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fire Ant Ascator  x2 
 Supay  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Moon Dragon Quilla  x2 
 Sun Dragon Inti  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Earthbound Whirlwind 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor  x2 
 Traps 
 Altar of the Bound Deity 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Rex Goodwin, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Oracle of the Sun "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Roar of the Earthbound "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Sun Dragon Inti "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Moon Dragon Quilla "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Apocatequil "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Supay "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fire Ant Ascator "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ganigumo "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Lord of Zemia "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Rex Goodwin reach a certain Level.
 
 Main release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Weeping Idol "
 
 
 4
 
 Draw Sense: Earthbound Immortal (Skill)
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Rex Goodwin)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Rex Goodwin)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Linewalker "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Whirlwind "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Yami (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Weeping Idol "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Linewalker "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 The Ant and the Fiend (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Whirlwind "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Weeping Idol "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Rex Goodwin)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Linewalker "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Whirlwind "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Offering to the Immortals "
 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Draw Sense: Earthbound Immortal
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random "Earthbound Immortal" monster.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Yami " activated.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 The Ant and the Fiend
 
 Can be used if you control " Oracle of the Sun ", Choose 1 of the following effects: - Send 1 " Fire Ant Ascator " you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 " Supay " from your Deck. - Send 1 " Supay " you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 " Fire Ant Ascator " from your Deck. This skill can only be used once per turn, and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Sun and Moon
 
 Choose 1 of the following effects: - Send 1 " Sun Dragon Inti " you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 " Moon Dragon Quilla " from your Graveyard. - Send 1 " Moon Dragon Quilla " you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 " Sun Dragon Inti " from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dual Divinity
 
 Can be Used if "Sun Dragon Inti" and "Moon Dragon Quilla" are in your Graveyard. This turn, you can Normal Summon " Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca " without Tributing. This Skill can be only used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Ultimate Earthbound Immortal
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward if you control "Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca". During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, reduce your opponent's Life Points to 1 and skip straight to your End Phase.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Charity
 
 Can be used if you control an " Earthbound Immortal " monster. Set 1 " Earthbound Whirlwind ," " Earthbound Wave ," or " Roar of the Earthbound " from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Light and Dark
 
 This Skill can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Choose 1 of the following: 
 ● Return 1 DARK monster from your hand to your Deck. Then, add 1 LIGHT monster with the same Level and Type as that monster from your Deck to your hand. 
● Return 1 LIGHT monster from your hand to your Deck. Then, add 1 DARK monster with the same Level and Type as that monster from your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn, and twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Offerings
 
 Reveal 1 to 3 " Earthbound Immortal " monsters in your hand, then play an equal number of " Ceremonial Token  in Defense Position. You cannot Normal or Special Summon any monsters, except " Earthbound Immortal " monsters on the turn you use this Skill. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Seal of the Immortal
 
 Until your opponent's next end phase, "Earthbound" monsters you control are not destroyed by their effects. This skill can be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When Rex loses a Duel against  Yusei Fudo , he says "Yusei... Fudo..." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When Rex wins a Duel against  Jack Atlas , he says "You call yourself a King, but you are nothing but a peon!" followed by "Only I shall rule the world! 
 Crow Hogan 
 When he wins a Duel against  Crow Hogan , he says "Where did you learn to ride a Duel Runner? Preschool?" followed by "You are no Turbo Duelist! You're not even a Duelist!" 
 Card-Specific 
 Monsters 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca ", a cut-in frame of Rex briefly appears, and he announces "The mightiest Earthbound Immortal will rain destruction!" followed by "Rise, Wiraqocha Rasca!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca!" followed by "Singularity of Doom!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca's effect activates!" followed by "Polar Star Obedience!" 
 When Rex Summons " Ascension Sky Dragon ", he chants  "Fate and destiny are no longer a mystery!"  followed by  "When millennia of knowledge comes to light! I Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards a cut-in frame of Rex briefly appears, and he announces "Ascension Sky Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Ascension Sky Dragon!" followed by "Ultimate Ascending Wave!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Ascension is Synchro Summoned, it's effect activates!" followed by "It gains ATK for every card in my hand!" 
 When Rex activates the Second effect of that monster, he announces "When Ascension is destroyed, it's Synchro materials return!" followed by "Ascending Reincarnation!" 
 When Rex Summons " Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin ", he chants  "The beginning and the end are both under it's control!"  followed by  "Watch as chaos materializes into it's true form!"  Afterwards a cut-in frame of Rex briefly appears, and he announces "Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin attacks!" followed by "Sacred Thunder!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Bishbaalkin! Fill the field with Utchatzimime Tokens!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu ", a cut-in frame of Rex's face briefly appears, and he announces "Souls are a small sacrifice to ensure its arrival!" followed by "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", a cut-in frame of Rex's face briefly appears, and he announces "Every sacrifice brings a new dawn!" followed by "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Moon Dragon Quilla ", he chants  "As the moon rises, the whispers invite you to the end!"  followed by  "I Dark Synchro!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Rex's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come forth, Moon Dragon Quilla!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Moon Dragon Quilla attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By attacking Quilla, half your monster's ATK points become my Life Points!" 
 When Rex activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "As the moon sets, the sun rises again!" 
 When Rex Summons " Sun Dragon Inti ", he chants  "When the sun rises, its rays dissolve all the darkness!"  followed by  "I Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Rex's face briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, Sun Dragon Inti!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sun Dragon Inti attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The monster that destroyed Inti is also destroyed!" followed by "And you take damage equal to half it's ATK points!" 
 When Rex activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "As the sun sets, the moon rises and no one can stop this cycle!" 
 When Rex Summons " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", he announces "Ancient Pixie Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Ancient Pixie Dragon" followed by "Fairy Tale Whip!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When a Field Spell activates, so does Ancient Pixie Dragon's effect!" followed by "I draw a card!" 
 When Rex activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When a Field Spell is in play, my dragon destroys a monster!" followed by "Spirit Burial!" 
 When Rex Summons " Apocatequil ", he announces "Here comes Apocatequil!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Apocatequil attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Apocatequil's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon ", he announces "Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon!" followed by "Blackrage Entry!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since I took damage, Blackfeather's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon ", he announces "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon, attack!" followed by "Soul Crunch!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragonecro steals the soul of the soul of the monster it battles!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Linewalker ", he announces "Come here, Earthbound Linewalker!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Linewalker attacks!" 
 When Rex Summons " Fire Ant Ascator ", he announces "The Tuner monster, Fire Ant Ascator!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fire Ant Ascator! Sink your mandibles!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Fire Ant Ascator's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Guiding Light ", he announces "Guiding Light!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Guiding Light! Attack!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Guiding Light can revive a Level 1 Light monster!" 
 When Rex summons " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend ", he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Hot Red Dragon Archfiend!" followed by "Absolute Dogma!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon destroys all monsters in ATK position!" followed by "Crimson Burn!" 
 When Rex Summons " Oracle of the Sun ", he announces "Come out, Oracle of the Sun!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Oracle of the Sun attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Oracle of the Sun's effect!" 
 When Rex Summons " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ", he announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Power Tool Mecha Dragon attacks!" followed by "Full Metal Demolition!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By equipping an Equip Spell, Power Tool's effect activates!" followed by "I draw a card!" 
 When Rex activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Power Tool's effect moves am Equip Spell!" followed by "Equip Grappling!" 
 When Rex Summons " Supay ", he announces "The Tuner monster, Supay!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Supay!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Supay's effect!" 
 When Rex Summons " Weeping Idol ", he announces "Here's Weeping Idol!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Weeping Idol! Attack!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish a Tuner from my Graveyard to Special Summon this!" 
 When Rex Summons " Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak ", he announces "Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "This card returns as a Tuner in Defense Position!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Rex activates " Altar of the Bound Deity ", he announces My Continuous Trap, Altar of the Bound Deity!" 
 When Rex activates " Call of the Reaper ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Call of the Reaper!" 
 When Rex activates " Contaminated Earth ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Contaminated Earth!" 
 When Rex activates " Destruct Potion ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Destruct Potion!" followed by "I destroy my own monster!" 
 When Rex activates " Divine Wrath ", he announces "Prepare to be judged!" followed by "I activate the Counter-Trap! Divine Wrath!" 
 When Rex activates " Earthbound Revival ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Earthbound Revival!" 
 When Rex activates " Earthbound Wave ", he announces "The Counter-Trap! Earthbound Wave!" 
 When Rex activates " Earthbound Whirlwind ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Earthbound Whirlwind!" 
 When Rex activates " Meteor Flare ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Meteor Flare!" followed by "I send 2 cards in my hand to the Grave to deal 2000 damage!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Rex announces "I activate Meteor Flare's effect from my Graveyard!" followed by "I regain this card instead of drawing during my draw phase!" 
 When Rex activates " Mirror Force ", he announces "How dare you attack me! Mirror Force!" 
 When Rex activates " Offering to the Immortals ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card! Offerings to the Immortals!" 
 When Rex activates " Passion of Baimasse ", he announces "The Counter-Trap activates! Passion of Baimasse!" 
 When Rex activates " Roar of the Earthbound ", he announces "The Continuous Trap! Roar of the Earthbound!" 
 When Rex activates " Temple of the Sun ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Temple of the Sun!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Rex Summons " Ascator, Dawnwalker ", he announces "Join me! Ascator, Dawnwalker!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ascator, Dawnwalker! Attack!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to Special Summon this in defense position!" 
 When Rex Summons " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons ", he announces "Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons!" followed by "Beelze Carnival!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since I took damage, Beelze gains ATK points!" 
 When Rex Summons " Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons ", he announces "Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons!" followed by "Beelzeus Exterminator!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Beelzeus' effect activates!" followed by "Beelzeus Supremacy!" 
 When Rex Summons " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon ", he announces "Illuminate the field! Black Rose Moonlight Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Black Rose Moonlight Dragon!" followed by "Rose Requiem!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black Rose sends your Special Summoned monster to your hand!" followed by "Rose Ballet!" 
 When Rex Summons " Celestial Double Star Shaman ", he chants  "Control the spirits as you control the sky!"  followed by  "I Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards he announces "Celestial Double Star Shaman!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Celestial Double Star Shaman!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Star Shaman is Synchro Summoned, it's effect activates!" followed by "Beckon my monsters from the beyond! 
 When Rex Summons " Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon ", he announces "Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon! Attack!" followed by "Ghost Stream!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragocytos' effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Greater Linewalker ", he announces "Come! Earthbound Greater Linewalker!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Earthbound Greater Linewalker attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Greater Linewalker Special Summons itself!" 
 When Rex activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Greater Linewalker adds an Earthbound Immortal to my hand!" 
 When Rex activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "By summoning an Earthbound Immortal, Greater Linewalker's effect activates!" followed by "Your Life Points become 3000!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua ", he announces "Everything is yours! Come here, Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua attacks!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua's effect activates!" followed by "Dark Dive Attack!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Cusillu ", he announces "Feed on the people's soul! Earthbound Immortal Cusillu!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Cusillu! Attack!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Cusillu's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ", he announces "I offer every soul on this planet to you! Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua attacks" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Earthbound Immortal Uru ", he announces "I give this world to you! Earthbound Immortal Uru!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Uru! Attack!" followed by "Wrap them up in your wave of destruction!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Earthbound Immortal Uru's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Supay, Duskwalker ", he announces "Let's go! Supay, Duskwalker!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Supay, Duskwalker! Attack!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to Special Summon this in defense position!" 
 When Rex Summons " Void Ogre Dragon ", he announces "Void Ogre Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Void Ogre Dragon!" followed by "Infernity Chaos Burst!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I have no cards in my hand, so Void Ogre's effect activates!" 
 When Rex Summons " Ultimaya Tzolkin ", he chants  "The source of all power emerges from the dimension of chaos!"  followed by  "Quench your thirst in this realm!"  Afterwards he announces "Ultimaya Tzolkin!"
 Most of the time when Rex declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Ultimaya Tzolkin!" followed by "Divine Anger!" 
 When Rex activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ultimaya Tzolkin's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon 1 Duel Dragon!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Rex activates " Earthbound Geoglyph ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell! Earthbound Geoglyph!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Rex announces "Earthbound Geoglyph let's me add a card to my hand!" 
 When Rex activates " Revival of the Immortals ", he announces "My Trap activates! Revival of the Immortals!" 
 When Rex activates " Solemn Judgment ", he announces "You can't do anything without my permission!" followed by "The Counter-Trap! Solemn Judgment!" 
 When Rex activates " Ultimate Earthbound Immortal ", he announces "Hahaha... Witness ultimate destruction!" followed by "I use my Continuous Trap, Ultimate Earthbound Immortal! You're powerless against my immortals!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Rex announces "Ultimate Earthbound Immortal destroys one of your monsters!" 
 Trivia 
 The inclusion of the  Duel Dragons  (" Ancient Pixie Dragon ", " Ascension Sky Dragon ", " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons ", " Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons ", " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon ", " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon , " Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon ", " Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ", and " Void Ogre Dragon "), as card-specific dialogue comes from Rex's acquisition and use of those cards during the  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers ,  Espa Roba , and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows (Duel Links) Tori Meadows]] 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor, Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba,  Aigami , Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
Rex Goodwin pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/DarkSignerRexGoodwin-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191205173117', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/Profile-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin.png/revision/latest?cb=20191208225712', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134853', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524135531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/CutIn-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20191208225457', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Summoning-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20191204015202', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Defeat-DULI-DarkSignerRexGoodwin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20191213094836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Rex Goodwin pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters