Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Plant_Princess


 
 Plant Princess 
 
 
 
 
 " Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms " 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Crossroads of Chaos Judgment of the Light Shadow Specters Legacy of the Valiant 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Plant Princesses [1]  are a  series  of  Level  8  female   Plant   monsters  with different  Attributes  and 2800  ATK  or  DEF . The first member of the series (" Tytannial, Princess of Camellias ") was released in  Crossroads of Chaos , then more members came in the  Judgment of the Light ,  Shadow Specters  and  Legacy of the Valiant  sets.
 The Japanese names, specifically the "titles" of the princesses, are puns based on various readings of the word for "princess", formed in a fashion similar to that of the names of the  Yo-kai Girls . All monsters in this archetype are alraunes.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Recommended cards 
 4   Lightsworn Plant Princess 
 5   Weakness 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster
 
 Attribute
 
 Origin
 
 
 Goddess
 
 Plant
 
 
 Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves 
 
 EARTH 
 Konohanachiru-hime 
 Maple 
 
 
 Mariña, Princess of Sunflowers 
 
 FIRE 
 Malina 
 Sunflower 
 
 
 Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms 
 
 WATER 
 Thalia 
 Cherry blossom 
 
 
 Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 
 WIND 
 Titania 
 Camellia 
 
 Playing style 
 Their strategy relies on protecting Plant monsters from being  destroyed by battle  or against  card effects .
 
 "Talaya" protects other Plants against card effects that would destroy them. 
 "Chirubimé" protects all other Plant monsters from attacks and can replace itself with another Princess if it is sent to the Graveyard by your opponent. 
 "Tytannial" negates any effect that targets your monsters, by the cost of a Tribute. 
 "Mariña" punishes your opponent for destroying one of your Plants. 
 As usual, " Lonefire Blossom " is the quickest way to bring the "Princesses" to the field. " Cherry Inmato " and " Rose Witch " can also be used as the required tributes for Tribute Summon while cards like " Lord Poison " and " Blue Rose Dragon " can Special Summon them from Graveyard. During your turn, " Periallis, Empress of Blossoms " and " Miracle Fertilizer " can also Special Summon them from the Graveyard as well.
 If the player wishes to Summon " Number 87: Queen of the Night ", three princesses are required. One can also use the effect " Xyz Dimension Splash " to quickly Special Summon 2 "Talaya", Summon " Copy Plant " and use its effect to easily Xyz Summon this card.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms 
 Mariña, Princess of Sunflowers 
 Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Rose Witch 
 Gigaplant 
 Violet Witch 
 Revival Rose 
 Lord Poison 
 Blue Rose Dragon 
 Rose Lover 
 Rose Paladin 
 Tuner monsters 
 Spore 
 Naturia Cherries 
 Cherry Inmato 
 Copy Plant Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Periallis, Empress of Blossoms 
 Queen of Thorns 
 Splendid Rose 
 Naturia Beast 
 Naturia Barkion 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Naturia Leodrake 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 87: Queen of the Night 
 Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Meliae of the Trees 
 Other  Rank 8  monsters Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Advance Draw 
 Black Garden 
 Foolish Burial 
 Fragrance Storm 
 Galaxy Queen's Light 
 Mark of the Rose 
 Miracle Fertilizer 
 Rose Bell of Revelation 
 Supervise 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Pollinosis 
 Plant Food Chain 
 Lightsworn Plant Princess 
 The Lightsworn Plant Princess is made by using the effect of " Lightsworn " monsters to mill the princesses from the Deck, then Special Summon them from the Graveyard.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms 
 Mariña, Princess of Sunflowers 
 Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Blue Rose Dragon 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner 
 Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Tuner monsters 
 Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn 
 Spore Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Michael, the Arch-Lightsworn 
 Star Eater 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Stardust Spark Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 87: Queen of the Night 
 Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Charge of the Light Brigade 
 Miracle Fertilizer 
 Foolish Burial 
 Trade-In 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Traps 
 Lightsworn Barrier 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Weakness 
 While the "Princesses" are fairly powerful, they also possess some weaknesses:
 
 "Talaya" cannot protect itself and is susceptible of being destroyed if there is only one copy of it on the field. 
 "Chirubimé" is vulnerable to cards that can remove it from the field without sending it to the Graveyard, such as " Bottomless Trap Hole ", " Virgil, Rockstar of the Burning Abyss ", " Dark Core " etc 
 "Mariña" effect doesn't activate if multiple monsters are destroyed at once and requires itself to be on the field for the effect to resolve, which makes it vulnerable to " Book of Moon ", " Compulsory Evacuation Device ", etc, if those cards are chained to its effect activadion. 
 "Tytannial" requires a Plant monster to be used as Tribute in order to negate a targeting effect, which also makes its effect useless if it is the only monster under its owner's control. The fact it only negates targeting also makes it vulnerable to cards like " Raigeki ". " Black Garden " can be used to provide tokens as Tribute fodder, however. 
 All of them are Level 8 and unless " Lonefire Blossom ", " Gigaplant ", " Rose Lover " are used to Special Summon them or if they are not used as cost for " Trade-In " they could easily be dead draws.
 The variety of Attributes also makes them vulnerable to " Gozen Match ".
 
 Trivia 
 
 Lists of miscellaneous information should be avoided. Please relocate any relevant information into appropriate sections or articles.     
 "Number 87: Queen of the Night" shares a strong physical resemblance with the four "Plant Princesses", any of which can be used to  Xyz Summon  it.
 Also, this card is a "Queen" while "Tytannial, "Talaya", "Chirubime" and "Mariña" are "Princesses". 
 The Japanese name of "Number 87: Queen of the Night",  "Numbers 87: Beautiful Goddess of the Four Seasons - Queen of Nights"  implies that, if it is included with the princesses, this family may be intended to symbolize the four seasons as follows.
 "Tytannial" represents Winter, as many Camellia species also bloom in mid to late winter, which is a season also known for strong winds. 
 "Talaya" represents Spring, since it is WATER Attribute and Spring is typically a rainy season. In addition, the flower it is based off, the Cherry Blossom, blooms in Spring– around April– when Cherry Blossom Festivals are typically held. 
 "Mariña" represents Summer, given that it is FIRE attribute, and Summer is universally the hottest season. In addition, Sunflowers are the only flower featured in the princesses' artwork that blooms in Summer. 
 "Chirubimé" represents Autumn, as its name explicitly calls it "Princess of Autumn Leaves." Furthermore, it is EARTH-Attribute, and Autumn is associated with the harvest season. In addition, the plant it is based upon is the  Maple Tree , whose leaves undergo a vivid spectrum of color changes in autumn. 
 In addition, the order in which the "Plant Princesses" were released in the core  Booster Packs  may be meant to parallel the cycle of seasons. ("Tytannial"/Winter in " Crossroads of Chaos ", "Talaya"/Spring in " Judgment of the Light ", "Mariña"/Summer in " Shadow Specters ", and "Chirubimé"/Autumn in " Legacy of the Valiant ") 
 References 
 
 ↑   Kohamin, Michael.  "The Trees Have Eyes" . Konami.com .  https://yugiohblog.konami.com/articles/?p=5618 . 
 
 
   
 Plant Princess Members 
 Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves Mariña, Princess of Sunflowers Talaya, Princess of Cherry Blossoms Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 Related 
 Number 87: Queen of the Night Periallis, Empress of Blossoms 
 
 
 
 
 
 Four Elements
 
 
 This box:  view edit 
 
 EARTH   
 
 FIRE    
 
 WATER   
 
 WIND    
 
 
 Armor Ninjas 
 
 Earth 
 
 Flame 
 
 Aqua 
 
 Air 
 
 
 Attribute Spirit  counterparts
 
 Gigantes  /  Gigastone Omega 
 
 Inferno 
 
 Fenrir 
 
 Silpheed 
 
 
 Crusadia     (Level 3/4) 
 
 Leonis 
 
 Reclusia 
 
 Arboria 
 
 Draco 
 
 
 D/D/D 
 
 Darius 
 
 Genghis 
 
 Caesar 
 
 Alexander 
 
 
 Dracoslayers  and  Dracoverlords 
 
 Amorphactor Pain 
 
 Ignister Prominence 
 
 Dinoster Power 
 
 Majester Paladin 
 
 
 Dragon Rulers    Younger version
 
 Redox     Reactan 
 
 Blaster     Burner 
 
 Tidal     Stream 
 
 Tempest     Lightning 
 
 
 Elements     (by set and effect) 
 
 Soldier     Doom     Saurus 
 
 Dragon     Valkyrie     Saurus 
 
 Soldier     Valkyrie     Magician 
 
 Dragon     Doom     Magician 
 
 
 Gi-Ant Revolution
 
 Antbellion of the Rebellion 
 
 Ants Running About 
 
 Oppressed Ants 
 
 United Resist-Ants 
 
 
 Guardragons 
 
 Garmides 
 
 Prominesis 
 
 Justicia 
 
 Andrake 
 
 
 Itsu  Fairies
 
 Doitsu 
 
 Aitsu 
 
 Koitsu 
 
 Soitsu 
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dragons 
 
 Gravity 
 
 Meteorburst 
 
 Absolute 
 
 Vortex 
 
 
 Pendulum  Magicians 
 
 Dragonpulse 
 
 Nobledragon 
 
 Dragonpit 
 
 Oafdragon 
 
 
 Plant Princesses 
 
 Chirubime 
 
 Mariña 
 
 Talaya 
 
 Tytannial 
 
 
 Prank-Kids    Effect Monsters   Fusion Monsters   Link Monsters
 
 Rocksies     n/a     Meow-Meow-Mu 
 
 Lampsies     Rocket Ride     Bow-Wow-Bark 
 
 Dropsies     Weather Washer     Rip-Roarin-Roaster 
 
 Fansies     Battle Butler     Dodo-Doodle-Doo 
 
 
 Prevents Trap Activation upon being Normal Summoned
 
 Tactical Espionage Expert 
 
 Invasion of Flames 
 
 Creeping Doom Manta 
 
 Eagle Eye 
 
 
 Sealing Ceremonies 
 
 Mokuton 
 
 Katon 
 
 Suiton 
 
 Raiton 
 
 
 Sky Striker Ace    Link Monsters    (Link-1) 
 
 Kaina 
 
 Kagari 
 
 Shizuku 
 
 Hayate 
 
 
 Wind-Up    Xyz Monsters
 
 Zenmaister 
 
 Zenmaines 
 
 Zenmaighty 
 
 Zenmaioh 
 
 
 World Chalice    Link Monsters
 
 Ningirsu the World Chalice Warrior 
 
 Auram the World Chalice Blademaster 
 
 Ib the World Chalice Priestess 
 
 Imduk the World Chalice Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/TalayaPrincessofCherryBlossoms-DULI-EN-VG-NC.png/revision/latest?cb=20170509091537', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Edit-clear.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/40?cb=20101005171656', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/EARTH.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/FIRE.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/24?cb=20120918053839', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series