Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_196


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 196 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 デュエルキング決定戦 遊戯ｖｓレオン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dyueru Kingu Ketteisen Yūgi Vāsasu Reon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Deciding Match for Duel King - Yugi vs. Leon 
 
 
 English 
 Sinister Secrets - Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 196 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 17, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 1, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " 
 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 ", entitled " The Deciding Match for Duel King - Yugi vs. Leon " in the Japanese version, is the 196th episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  television series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Final Duel 
 2   Blue-Eyes Castle 
 3   Leon's True Colors 
 4   Leon's Hard Life 
 5   Featured Duels 
 
 5.1   Yami Yugi vs. Leon von Schroeder (Leon Wilson) 
 5.2   Leon vs. unknown opponent 
 
 
 6   Differences in adaptations 
 7   Errors 
 8   Featured cards 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Final Duel 
 The episode opens right after the conclusion of the  Kaiba  VS Zigfried duel; Leon Wilson looks somewhat worried, glancing towards Zigfried.  Joey  comments that he's not glad that Kaiba won, but they couldn't let a guy like Zigfried do whatever he wanted to.  Tristan  agrees and adds that he was rather annoying. Yugi wonders why he could only try this method if he's a strong Duelist, while Yami thinks that Kaiba showed him what kind of Duelist he was through this Duel. 
 Kaiba climbs down from the Duel Stage and glances at Yugi, thinking that the eyesore mouses are gone. Yugi has to show him an appropriate Duel as the Duel King. Mokuba congratulates him on his spectacular victory. When Roland asks what they should do concerning Zigfried, Kaiba merely replies to let him be: he's powerless by now. He walks off laughing, claiming that he's now proven to his rival companies how foolish it is to challenge him. 
 Roland announces the upcoming Duel while Zigfried inwardly laughs: it'd seem he's got some aces up his sleeves and is not as "powerless" as Kaiba deemed him to be. He glances at the card he had in his  hand  when Kaiba defeated him; it is a  Field Spell Card  whose name and  effects  are yet to be revealed. 
 Blue-Eyes Castle 
 The Duel is going to be held in the balcony of the "Blue-Eyes Castle" and, obviously, broadcasted worldwide. Mokuba allows Yugi's friends to occupy the most privileged spot: the balcony above the area where the Duel is going to happen. 
 While Leon Wilson is climbing up the stairs leading to the balcony, he meets up with Zigfried, who is leaning in the open door's frame. He holds out the Field Spell card from earlier and signals for him to come closer, wanting to give it to him. Leon seems to hesitate, but accepts it nevertheless. 
 Curiously enough, a zeppelin rather reminiscent of the "Battle Ship" is the one recording the whole event by circling around the area. 
 Somewhere else, Roland's announcement is being televised through a giant LCD screen in one city.  Mai Valentine  happens to be passing by, and stops to look. 
 Leon seems to be in a strange mood; he looks rather annoyed and angry. Roland announces that someone is going to make the introduction. The camera focuses on the 2nd level balcony, and Joey wonders aloud if it's him. Mokuba corrects him: Seto is the one making the announcement from the 3rd level balcony. 
 Mokuba and  Téa Gardner  agree that Kaiba would rather prefer being in Leon's place and challenge Yami again. Kaiba makes another of his rallying speeches and the crowd erupts in ecstasy as the Duel begins. 
 Leon's True Colors 
 Yami takes an early lead, and Leon goes on saying that he recognizes his strength, and how his dream has come to be. 
 Rebecca & company comment on Leon's strange behavior. Kaiba mutters his name aloud, and they turn to look at him. He admits that something's changed about him, compared to his demeanor in previous Duels. He inwardly wonders if it's because he hasn't been "serious" until now. Yugi notices it, too, and looks concerned over it. 
 Elsewhere, Kaiba's other assistant lets out a cry of shock: he's run a computer analysis of Leon and has found something critical. He runs off, and the screen displays a small box with the name  Leon von Schroeder . 
 Zigfried inwardly chuckles as he heads somewhere. It's obvious by now: he and Leon are brothers! And he's somehow convinced him to be an accomplice to his petty schemes. Leon admits that he's fighting Yami as part of his "obligation". 
 The secretary runs in and hands Kaiba a printed report. Kaiba is totally unimpressed and now sees what's going on. As if it wasn't enough, Zigfried comes out and announces that it's all part of his "plan". Kaiba calmly admits that he wasn't expecting the "other son" of the Schroider family to infiltrate using a fake name. Zigfried announces his full name: Leon von Schroeder! 
 Zigfried goes on, presuming that even though Kaiba has defeated him, he had this ace-in-the-hole ready. He claims that Leon will defeat Yami, and as a result, people will start investing in Schroider Inc. Kaiba is obviously unimpressed and annoyed at how far Zigfried is willing to go just to promote a new gaming system. He doesn't give anything for the Duels. 
 When Roland asks if they should interrupt, Zigfried smugly presumes that they can't, or else things will become worse. Kaiba laughs at the whole thing, claiming that Yami is the only man in the world who can be called his rival, and that he is the only one capable of defeating him (if we count the  Duelist Kingdom  Duel as valid). Kaiba claims that Zigfried's scheme is in vain. 
 Leon's Hard Life 
 Leon explains that he's had to fight very hard to try to discern himself; his mother was always focused upon educating Zigfried to be the successor to the enterprise and would always tell him off. He thus sought consolation in fairy tales. When he discovered the Duel Monsters game, he was fascinated, and began collecting cards. Leon wrote a letter to Pegasus, requesting he produce "fairy-tale-themed" cards; Pegasus, always open to new ideas, gladly complied. He watched Yami over the TV and witnessed his victory against  Weevil  in  Duelist Kingdom , his defeat of Mai Valentine during the Duelist Kingdom's semi-finals, and the clash between Osiris and Obelisk in the  Battle City Finals . 
 He took part in some tournaments under the alias "Leon Wilson" and won. One day, he stumbled upon Zigfried, who actually congratulated him and was amused by how he'd managed to become a good hacker. He told him he needed his Duel skills for the sake of the family. 
 Leon keeps the Duel up and soon gathers 3  Effect Monsters  on his  field . Zigfried laughs, confident of Leon's victory. 
 Featured Duels 
 Yami Yugi vs. Leon von Schroeder (Leon Wilson) 
 Turn 1: Leon Wilson 
(Yami Yugi's Deck: 40 → 35)  Leon   draws  " Forest Wolf " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1800/300) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws " Polymerization " (Yami Yugi's Deck: 35 → 34) and subsequently activates it to fuse " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " with " Berfomet " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beasts " (2100/1800) in Attack Position. "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast"  attacks  and  destroys  "Forest Wolf" ( Leon  4000 → 3700).
 Turn 3: Leon Wilson 
Leon draws. He then Normal Summons " Little Red Riding Hood " (800/1200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws (Yami Yugi's Deck: 34 → 33). He then Normal Summons " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in Attack Position. "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" attacks and destroys "Little Red Riding Hood". Since "Little Red Riding Hood" was destroyed in battle and sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates,  Special Summoning  " Forest Hunter " (1200/800) from Leon's Deck in Attack Position. Yami Yugi's hand is shown to contain "Queen's Knight" at this point. Since "Forest Hunter" was summoned, its effect activates, allowing Leon to remove "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" from play.
 At this point, Leon's true name is revealed to be Leon von Schroeder. Thus, the Duel becomes Leon von Schroeder vs Yami Yugi.
 Turn 5: Leon von Schroeder 
Leon draws " Iron Hans " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/800) in Attack Position. Since "Iron Hans" was summoned, its effect activates, Special Summoning one " Iron Knight " (1700/700) from Leon's Deck in Attack Position. Since "Iron Hans" is on the field, the effect of "Iron Knight" decreases its ATK by 1000 ("Iron Knight": 1700 → 700/700).
 Duel continues next episode. 
 
 Leon vs. unknown opponent 
 Duel is already in progress. The opponent controls an unknown monster while Leon controls no cards.
 Turn ?: Leon Wilson 
Leon draws " Seven Kid Goats " and subsequently Normal Summons it (700/700) in Attack Position. Leon then activates the effect of "Seven Kid Goats" to destroy his opponent's monster and inflict damage to his opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster (Leon's opponent ? → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 A close up of  Leon  looking sad at  Zigfried 's loss at the start of the episode is cut from the dub. 
 The writing on the blimps filming the duel is removed in the dub. 
 A close up of " Little Red Riding Hood " shrieking with terror is cut from the dub. 
 A shot of the arrow of " Forest Hunter " hitting the nose of " Chimera " is removed in the dub. 
 Cut from the dub is a flashback sequence showing young Leon watching  Yugi  in various competitions on TV. 
 Errors 
 Before the duel, when Joey comments that he could've made it to the final match, Rebecca states that he lost his first duel in the tournament. This is incorrect, as Joey won his first duel (against Solomon), but lost his  second  duel (against Zigfried). So Joey did win his first match, making Rebecca's statement incorrect. However, she could have possibly not counted his duel with Solomon. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leon Wilson) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Forest Hunter 
 Forest Wolf 
 Iron Hans 
 Iron Knight 
 Little Red Riding Hood 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Queen's Knight [Notes 1] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berfomet 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beasts Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 
 Flashbacks (Japanese) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Basic Insect 
 Big Insect 
 Dark Magician 
 Gokibore 
 Hercules Beetle 
 Kamakiriman 
 Tom Thumb 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Cinderella 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Forest Hunter 
 Forest Wolf 
 Great Moth 
 Harpie Lady Sisters 
 Harpie;s Pet Dragon 
 Iron Hans 
 Iron Knight 
 Little Red Riding Hood 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Seven Kid Goats 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Thorn Princess 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 100-Year Awakening 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Gold Moon Coin 
 Golden Castle of Stromberg 
 Laser Cannon Armor 
 Lev. 2 Power Boost 
 Spinning Wheel Spindle 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 
 Flashbacks (Dub) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aeris 
 Alligator's Sword 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Tom Thumb 
 X-Head Cannon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Cinderella 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Forest Hunter 
 Forest Wolf 
 Guardian Angel Joan 
 Iron Hans 
 Iron Knight 
 Little Red Riding Hood 
 Kung Fu Nyan Nyan 
 Seven Kid Goats 
 Thorn Princess 
 Valkyrie Brunhilde Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 100-Year Awakening 
 A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon 
 Card Guard 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Gold Moon Coin 
 Golden Castle of Stromberg 
 Mystical Moon 
 Spinning Wheel Spindle 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was seen in Yugi's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Yugioh196.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130726203130']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes