Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Odd-Eyes_Pendulum_Dragon_(DY)

Main card page: " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 
 Japanese:   オッドアイズ・ペンデュラム・ドラゴン 
 Romaji:   Oddoaizu Pendyuramu Doragon 
 
 
 
 
 en 
 
 
 
 Attribute 
 
 
 DARK 
 
 Type 
 
 
 
 Dragon 
 Pendulum 
 
 Level 
 
 
 7 ★★★★★★★
 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 
 
 2500 / 2000
 
 Pendulum Scale 
 
 
 4
 
 
 
 4 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 Appearances
 
 
 
 
   ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! :  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. ,  "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances (linked)" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. "Yu-Gi-Oh ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! chapter appearances" contains a listed "!" character as part of the property label and has therefore been classified as invalid. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Manga cards (Galleries:  ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! ) 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 
 
 Images 
 Non-card 
 Decks 
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki  
 
 
 Search categories 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Odd-Eyes 
 Pendulum Dragon 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Pendulum  
 
 
 
   " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " pages 
 
 
 Anime Manga Manga 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Four Dimension Dragons   ４ ＤＤ m   m   Members 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon Dark Rebellion XYZ Dragon Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Related 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon Performapal Odd-Eyes Metal Claw Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Starving Venemy Dragon Thorn Fangs of Violet Poison 
 
 v e 
" Odd-Eyes " 「オッドアイズ」 m   m   Members 
 Enter-Mate Odd-Eyes Butler Enter-Mate Odd-Eyes Valet Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix Performapal Odd-Eyes Metal Claw Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Support 
 Enter-Mate Miss Director Enter-Mate Odd-Eyes Butler Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon 
 Related 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon G.O.D.-Eyes Phantom Dragon Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 
 v e 
 Pendulum  ペンデュラム m   m   Members 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Pendulum Boost Pendulum Fusion Pendulum Halt Pendulum Halt Pendulum Match Pendulum Transfer Pendulum XYZ Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Sharp Pendulum Strike 
 
 v e 
 Pendulum Dragon  ペンデュラム・ドラゴン m   m   Members 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/OddEyesPendulumDragon-JP-Manga-DY.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150409190415', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/OddEyesPendulumDragon-JP-Manga-DY-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/132?cb=20150613202103', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Manga cards