Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Abyss.png


 
 Abyss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Number 73: Abyss Splash Number C73: Abyss Supra Splash 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Abyss 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 アビス 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Gorgonic 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 108: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 David Zen Mansley [1] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Katsuhiko Sasaki 
 
 
 
 Abyss  is the final  Number's Guardian  that appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He is a mighty sea god and the spirit form of " Number 73: Abyss Splash ", entrusted with two  Mythyrian  " Numbers " within an underwater temple. He later tests  Reginald Kastle  in a Duel to revive his original memories and inherit both "Numbers". 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Abyss is fittingly similar to his card form, without the helmet. He has sky blue skin, light green eyes, and wears blue armor slashed with gold and adorned with aquamarine-colored stones. He also wears a gold headpiece on his forehead set with the same aquamarine-colored stone and has black hair and beard arranged in a similar way to  Shark 's hairstyle.
 
 Abilities 
 As a  spirit  of a " Number ", Abyss possesses great power. He is capable of possession and mind control, which he did to  Rio Kastle . [2]  Similarly, he is also capable of saving Nash and Marin and sending their souls without their memories into  Reginald  and  Rio Kastle , who had recently died in a car accident. [3] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Vector  offered a blood sacrifice to Abyss in order to receive aid in the destruction of the  United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean  from the latter. As a result, Abyss laid waste to the city and killed many of the Kingdom's soldiers.  Marin  offered herself as a sacrifice afterwards to revive  another god  and purify Abyss of Vector's control. [4]  Later, during  Nash 's attack on Vector's lands, Abyss aided Nash in fighting Vector's army. He was Summoned in Nash and Vector's  Shadow Game . [5] 
 
       Abyss rescues  Marin  and  Nash .     
 After Nash and Marin were trapped in a dark dimension by Vector, Abyss rescued them; offering to send their souls to  Earth  at the expense of their current memories, where their souls were transferred to  Reginald Kastle  and  Rio Kastle  after the latter siblings were killed after a car accident. [3] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 When the  Different Dimension Airship  neared the undersea ruins, Abyss called out to  Rio Kastle , who was on-board. He was eventually able to influence her enough to get her to jump off the ship.  Shark ,  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Astral  followed. They tracked Rio to the temple and were led through a maze, where they were separated. Shark reached the heart of the temple, where he found Abyss possessing Rio. Abyss claimed that he and Shark were destined to fight and urged Shark to "awaken", as he would inherit Abyss' power. Shark agreed to  Duel  and Abyss gained a great advantage through " Gorgonic Guardian ". He proceeded to show Shark visions of his past life, when he was the king of the  United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean [2] 
 Abyss insisted that just as his past life lost his sister, he would lose her here too, due to the weakness in his heart. Ceasing his control over Rio, she fell a great distance, but was caught by Yuma. Abyss then entrusted " Number 94: Crystalzero ", the second  Mythyrian "Number"  tied to the ruins to Shark and told him to defeat him and reclaim his memories as the king who led the world. After his defeat, Abyss admitted to Shark that he was following orders from his past life to restore his former memories before disappearing, leaving his " Number " card to Shark. [4] 
 
 Deck 
 Abyss uses a ' " Gorgonic " Deck  while controlling  Rio Kastle , focused on  ATK  reduction.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gorgonic Gargoyle 
 Gorgonic Golem Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gorgonic Guardian 
 Number 73: Abyss Splash [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gorgon Charm 
 Gorgonic Pile 
 Gorgonic Ritual 
 Xyz Unit 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Reginald Kastle  (initially possessing  Rio Kastle , later duels as himself) 
 108 - 109 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   https://www.facebook.com/DavidZenMansley 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 108: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 131: " Power Play " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 109: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 120: " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Reginald Kastle  in  episode 109 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Abyss.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130623123915', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Abyss_saving_Nasch_and_Merag.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131124232827']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters, Duel Monster Spirits