Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_150


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 150 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 目覚めよ！ クリティウス 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Mezameyo! Kuritiusu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Awaken! Critias 
 
 
 English 
 Deja Duel! - Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 150 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 8, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 16, 2004 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " 
 " An Unexpected Enemy " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Alister's Introduction 
 2   Alister's Tactics 
 3   The Second Dragon 
 4   Notes 
 5   Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Alister 
 6   Differences in adaptations 
 7   Epilogue 
 8   Quotes 
 9   Featured cards 
 
 
 Alister's Introduction 
 Alister  has activated " The Seal of Orichalcos ", isolating himself and  Seto Kaiba  from any interference, and determining that whoever loses the Duel will lose his "soul". 
 When Seto demands an explanation, Alister holds out a charred action figure from his pocket. Kaiba mocks it as a piece of junk, but when Alister declares that it used to belong to his brother, both Seto and Mokuba are dumbstruck. 
 Alister goes on to tell them that he grew up in a war zone with his little brother  Mikey  as his only family. When the fighting grew worse, the two of them had to surface from shelter and move elsewhere. 
 For a moment, their side gained an advantage, bringing out a fleet of recently-purchased KaibaCorp tanks. But when Alister helped Mikey into a tank so as to escape, he had to go back to pick up Mikey's dropped locket of their mom. The tank was bombed, and Alister was faced by a fleet of enemy choppers, knowing by the flames of the tank near him that his brother was dead. 
 Picking up the burnt toy that was all he had left of his brother, he looked and saw a man in a red suit shaking hands with the enemy troops. Suddenly, he was shown  Dartz  with his mantle on. 
 Dartz :  " Do you know whom that man is? He is Gozaburo Kaiba. He is the President of Kaiba Corporation. " 
 Alister :  " Kaiba... Corporation...? " 
 Dartz :  " Indeed. He is the true killer of your brother. He is the man who sold weapons to both sides for field testing. " 
 Alister :  " That can't be...! " 
 Dartz :  " Do you wish revenge against that man? " 
 Alister nods in agreement.
 Alister vowed to have revenge against KaibaCorp, and Seto is included in this. Even the clothes and food Seto and Mokuba live by are paid for by KaibaCorp. 
 Although Mokuba is rattled by these accusations, Seto is not as moved, and their Duel continues. 
 Alister's Tactics 
 The Duel begins going badly when Alister reveals a strategy that transfers Seto's Monsters to Alister's side of the field, adding to the power afforded by the Seal. 
 Seto attempts to counter the power strategy by setting his favored " Crush Card ", but Alister anticipates this move immediately, activating " Royal Decree " to prevent "Crush Card" from being able to be used. Then, his attacks wipe out Seto's defense and many of his Life Points. 
 Seto regains some ground, unleashing a combo which breaks Alister's monsters and finishes the turn with two " Blue-Eyes White Dragons " cards on his Field. 
 Alister retaliates with a simple combo that pulls both of those Dragons to his side alongside his trump Card. With three opposing Monsters clearing 3000, 3500 and 3500 ATK each, Kaiba is out of his depth, and he knows it, since he doesn't have a Monster which can be summoned without Tribute. 
 The Second Dragon 
 Just as his options seem to dwindle to nothing, his Deck responds with a bright glow which transports him to another world. He arrives before a crystal statue of a dragon with a sword thrust in it. Seto Kaiba removes the sword, unlocking " The Fang of Critias " from its prison and bonding to it. 
 Yugi & co., heading to the Industrial Illusions HQ, see how " The Eye of Timaeus " shines for a split second. 
 Back in the real world, Kaiba draws "The Fang of Critias" at the start of his turn, and decided to use it immediately with his set "Crush Card Virus", summoning " Doom Virus Dragon ", which wipes out all of Alister's monsters at once. 
 Just before Seto's new dragon delivers the finishing attack, Alister activates a Magic Card which ends the duel in a draw. A beam of green light shoots up from the depths of the Seal of Orichalcos, knocking Seto back. When he looks up again, Alister is out of sight, but fires a parting shot that he will have his revenge. 
 Notes 
 Most of Alister's flashback is kept in the English dub. However, the dub does not include the moments when the tank bearing  Mikey  is bombed. As the battle concludes and young Alister finds himself alone, it is instead stated that Mikey was captured. 
 In the English dub, Seto Kaiba is called to set Critias free by the voice of  Dark Magician Girl . He takes the sword, muttering, "Anything to shut you up." In the Japanese version, no one tells Kaiba to do anything. He frees and recognizes Critias on his own. 
 Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Alister 
 Duel continues from previous episode. 
 Kaiba has 2000  Life Points  remaining and controls "Versago the Destroyer" (1100/900) in Defense Position.
 Alister has 2200 Life Points remaining and controls "The Seal of Orichalcos".
 Turn 7: Alister 
 Alister  has just activated " The Seal of Orichalcos ". From now on, all of Alister's  monsters  will receive a +500  ATK  boost and the loser of this  Duel  will lose his "soul". Alister  Normal Summons  " Gorlag " (1000 → 1500/1000) in Attack Position. Due to the  effect  of "Gorlag", it gains 500  ATK  for each  FIRE - Attribute  Monster on the  field . There is currently one ("Gorlag": 1500 → 2000/1000). 
 "Gorlag" attacks and destroys  Seto 's " Versago the Destroyer ". At the end of the Battle Phase, the second effect of "Gorlag" activates, allowing Alister to revive "Versago the Destroyer" (1100 → 1600/900) in Attack Position as a  FIRE - Attribute  monster under his control ("Gorlag": 2000 → 2500/1000). Alister  Sets  a card.
 Turn 8: Kaiba 
Seto's hand contains " Crush Card ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", and "Pitch-Dark Dragon". Seto draws. He then Normal Summons " Pitch-Dark Dragon " (900/600) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a Card ("Crush Card"). Alister then  activates  his face-down " Royal Decree "; now all other  Trap Cards  will be negated so long as "Royal Decree" is face-up.
 Turn 9: Alister 
Alister draws. "Gorlag" attacks and destroys "Pitch-Dark Dragon". "Versago the Destroyer" attacks directly ( Seto  2000 → 400). At the end of the Battle Phase, the second effect of "Gorlag" activates, allowing Alister to revive "Pitch-Dark Dragon" in Attack Position (900 → 1400/600) as a FIRE-Attribute monster under his control ("Gorlag": 2500 → 3000/1000).
 Turn 10: Kaiba 
Seto draws " Card of Demise " and subsequently activates it to draw until he has five Cards in his  hand  (his hand contains two cards so he draws three cards). Five  turns  after "Card of Demise" is activated, Seto must discard his entire hand during his Standby Phase. Kaiba then activates " White Dragon Ritual " to Tribute "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from his  hand  and  Ritual Summon  " Paladin of White Dragon " (1900/1200) in Attack Position. Kaiba then activates " Monster Reborn " to revive "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (3000/2500) in Attack Position. 
 "Paladin of White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Pitch-Dark Dragon" ( Alister  2200 → 1700) ("Gorlag": 3000 → 2500/1000). "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Gorlag" ( Alister  1700 → 1200). Since "Gorlag" has been destroyed, all the monsters that were  Special Summoned  via the effect of "Gorlag" are also destroyed due to the third effect of "Gorlag". Seto then activates the second effect of "Paladin of White Dragon" to Tribute itself and  Special Summon  another "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (3000/2500) in Attack Position.
 Turn 11: Alister 
Alister draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. Alister then activates " Aetonyx Flame " to destroy all of Seto's monsters that aren't FIRE-Attribute Fiend-Type monsters and revive "Gorlag" (1000 → 2000/1000) in Attack Position; however Alister is forbidden from conducting his Battle Phase this turn. Alister then activates " Fire Whip " to revive Seto's two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" (3000 → 3500/2500 for both) in Attack Position as FIRE-Attribute monsters under his control ("Gorlag": 2000 → 3000/1000). Alister Sets a card.
 Turn 12: Kaiba 
Seto has a vision and unlocks the " The Fang of Critias ". It is the card he drew during his  Draw Phase . Seto then activates "The Fang of Critias" to target his face-down "Crush Card" in order to  Special Summon  " Doom Virus Dragon " (1900/2000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Doom Virus Dragon" activates upon being Summoned, allowing Kaiba to destroy every monster Alister controls with 1500  ATK  or more. 
 "Doom Virus Dragon" attacks directly, but Alister activates his face-down " Contagion of Madness " to inflict  damage  to Seto equal to half the ATK of "Doom Virus Dragon" at the same time that Alister takes Battle Damage ( Seto  400 → 0;  Alister  1200 → 0). 
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Cut from the beginning of the episode is a shot where  Kaiba  asks  Alister  what this is, and then  Alister  replies "This is ' The Seal of Orichalcos ". 
 In the dub, the sword and mane of " Gorlag " were changed from red to blue, "Gorlag" has three horns instead of two, and its eyes glow green instead of red when strengthened by "The Seal of Orichalcos". 
 Cut from the dub are flashbacks of scenes of war in  Alister 's country. 
 When " The Fang of Critias " is added to  Seto 's Deck, the card is given a shiny glow in the dub. 
 Also cut is a shot of  Alister  clenching his fist so hard that it bleeds. 
 In the English dub when Seto Kaiba frees Critias, Dark Magician girl is guiding Kaiba from behind the scenes telling him to pull out the sword. In the Japanese anime, her voice is not heard and Kaiba instinctively pulls out the sword and learns Critias' name upon freeing him as well as his powers. 
 Epilogue 
 Since the duel ended in a  DRAW , " The Seal of Orichalcos " does not claim the soul of either player. Alister disappears from sight.
 
 Quotes 
 Mokuba :  Let  my brother  out! Who do  you  think you are, anyway? You have no idea who you're messing with! Alister:  Sure, I do. I'm messing with a greedy little punk who's just as pathetic as  his old man ! Kaiba:  What did you just say to me? No one compares me to my stepfather and gets away with it! Do I make myself clear? He was a worthless snake! Alister:  Like you. Kaiba:  My family business has nothing to do with you! Alister:  Guess again! Your family business has *everything* to do with me! Kaiba:  All right, Alister, who put you up to this? Alister:  No one did. I'm here to represent every single person whose life was ripped apart by  your company ! And more importantly, I'm here to make sure you're never able to step on anyone ever again! Kaiba:  Get in line. I hear that speech every day.
 
 
 Alister:  Take a look at yourself! Everything you own was paid for by KaibaCorp! The clothes you wear, the food you eat! That same money took  my brother  away! Well, it's time to pay me back by giving me your soul! Kaiba:  Wait a sec. You have a good point. I agree, my stepfather was a snake and what he did to your family was wrong, and you deserve to be paid for that. Then again, I don't really care for the way you got me here by threatening to put me out of business! So why don't we continue this duel? And if you're lucky enough to win, maybe I'll decide to help you out. Alister:  When I defeat you in this duel, you WILL help me. Just you wait.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Alister Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gorlag Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Aetonyx Flame 
 Contagion of Madness 
 Fire Whip 
 Pot of Greed 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Traps 
 Royal Decree 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Versago the Destroyer 
 Union monsters 
 Pitch-Dark Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of White Dragon Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Doom Virus Dragon 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Fang of Critias Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Card of Demise 
 Monster Reborn 
 White Dragon Ritual 
 Traps 
 Crush Card 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Eye of Timaeus 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Yugioh150.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130108153730']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes