Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tri-Brigade


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Tri-Brigade 
 トライブリゲード  ( Toraiburigēdo ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Tri-Brigade (card) " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Tri-Brigade 
 
 
 German 
 Sta-Brigade 
 
 
 Italian 
 Tri-Brigata 
 
 
 Korean 
 트라이브리게이드   Teuraibeurigeideu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Tri-Brigada 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Tri-Brigada 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Phantom Rage Blazing Vortex Lightning Overdrive Darkwing Blast Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 OTS Tournament Pack 16 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles Structure Deck: Albaz Strike 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Phantom Rage +1 Bonus Pack Structure Deck: Alba Strike Structure Deck: Alba Strike Recollections of Fate Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Tri-Brigade " (トライブリゲード  Toraiburigēdo ) is an  archetype  of  Beast ,  Beast-Warrior , and  Winged Beast  monsters that debuted in  Phantom Rage .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   History 
 3   Playing style 
 
 3.1   Recommended cards 
 
 
 
 
 Etymology 
 "Tri-Brigade" could be a portmanteau consisting of "tri" and/or "tribe" (referencing their 3 different  Types ) and "brigade".
 
 History 
 According to the card artworks, the "Tri-Brigade" were in direct conflict with the strict teachings of the " Dogmatika ". However, they later allied to fight the " Springans ".
 
 Playing style 
 Their effects revolve around banishing monsters and  Link Summoning .
 " Fraktall " allows you to easily  Special Summon  " Shuraig ". To do that, you can  discard  it to  send  " Kitt " from your  Deck  to the  GY . Because "Kitt" can also send 1 "Tri-Brigade" card to the GY, you can send " Nervall " to the GY to use its effect to  add  " Kerass " to your hand. Summon "Kerass" and use its first effect to banish "Fraktall", "Kitt" and "Nervall" from your Graveyard to Summon " Rugal ". Then use it and "Kerass" to  Link Summon  "Shuraig". Because of the importance of "Fraktall", running " Fire Formation - Tenki " to  search  it is required.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Tri-Brigade Kerass 
 Tri-Brigade Fraktall 
 Tri-Brigade Nervall 
 Tri-Brigade Kitt 
 Tri-Brigade Mercourier 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo 
 Carpiponica, Mystical Beast of the Forest 
 Cocatorium the Heavy Metal Avian 
 Reborn Tengu 
 Rescue Cat 
 T.G. Warwolf Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Tri-Brigade Ferrijit the Barren Blossom 
 Tri-Brigade Rugal the Silver Sheller 
 Tri-Brigade Shuraig the Ominous Omen 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle 
 Cross-Sheep 
 Fire Fighting Daruma Doll Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Tri-Brigade Airborne Assault 
 Tri-Brigade Stand-Off 
 Fire Formation - Tenki 
 Cattle Call 
 One for One 
 Traps 
 Tri-Brigade Oath 
 Tri-Brigade Revolt 
 Trap Trick 
   
" Tri-Brigade " 「トライブリゲード」 Members 
 Tri-Brigade Arms "Bucephalus II" Tri-Brigade Bearbrumm the Rampant Rampager Tri-Brigade Ferrijit the Barren Blossom Tri-Brigade Fraktall Tri-Brigade Kerass Tri-Brigade Kitt Tri-Brigade Mercourier Tri-Brigade Nervall Tri-Brigade Rugal the Silver Sheller Tri-Brigade Shuraig the Ominous Omen 
 Tri-Brigade Airborne Assault Tri-Brigade Oath Tri-Brigade Rendezvous Tri-Brigade Revolt Tri-Brigade Showdown Tri-Brigade Stand-Off 
 Support 
 Brigrand the Glory Dragon Tri-Brigade Arms "Bucephalus II" Tri-Brigade Bearbrumm the Rampant Rampager Tri-Brigade Kitt Tri-Brigade Nervall 
 Tri-Brigade Revolt Tri-Brigade Showdown 
 Related 
 Albaz the Ashen Fallen of Albaz Lindwurm the Hammer Dragon Springans Kitt 
 Tribe Drive 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/TriBrigade-CA.png/revision/latest?cb=20220526173308']
Categories: Stubs, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)