Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Missing_the_timing

      Official explanation of missing the timing     
 Missing the timing  (タイミングを 逃 す  Taimingu wo Nogasu ) is the inability to  activate  a card or  optional effect  when it would meet its activation timing because it is not possible to activate it in  response  to the required event.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Overview 
 
 1.1   Simultaneous events 
 
 
 2   Examples 
 
 2.1   Trigger and Trigger-like Effects 
 2.2   Trap Cards and Quick-Play Spell Cards 
 2.3   Quick and Quick-like Effects 
 
 
 3   See also 
 4   External links 
 5   References 
 
 
 Overview 
 Cards and effects can only be activated in  response  to an event if that event is the last event to occur. If an event is performed, then before it is possible to activate cards or effects another event is performed, it is not possible for any cards or effects to be activated in response to the initial event.
 Some  Trap Cards ,  Quick-Play Spell Cards , and optional effects must be activated in response to a particular event (such as the  Trigger Effect  of " Peten the Dark Clown "). These optional effects are marked by the usage of the word " when " in their activation timing. [1] [2] [3]  Trap Cards, Quick-Play Spell Cards, and optional effects that use other words instead of " when " (such as " if " or " each time ") do not need to be activated in response to the event, but simply at the first opportunity after the event occurs. Likewise,  mandatory effects  do not need to be activated in response to a particular event, always being activated at the first opportunity after the event occurs (regardless of whether they use " when " or not). [4] 
 If a card or effect is activated in response to an event, all cards and effects activated in the same  Chain  are in response to that same event. For example, if a monster  declares  an  attack  and a player activated " Magic Cylinder ", then " Mirror Force " can still be activated as  Chain Link  2 or higher because all cards activated in this Chain are in response to the attack.
 Chain Links  resolve strictly sequentially. The last Chain Link to  resolve  will be the most recent event (and the only event that can be responded to). [5]  Normally this will be Chain Link 1, but if the activation of a Chain Link is  negated , it does not resolve. (There is a distinction between negating the activation of an effect and negating the effect itself; if only the effect is negated, the Chain Link still resolves, but without effect.) [4] 
 It is not possible to activate cards or effects in response to events that occur as part of paying a  cost  to activate a card or effect. [6] 
 
 Simultaneous events 
 When resolving a card effect, different parts of an effect may or may not be considered to be performed at the same time. As such it is possible for there to be multiple most recent events.
 Cards with  Problem-Solving Card Text  have mechanically significant conjunctives (" and ", " and if you do ", " also ", " then ", " also, after that ") in their card text which determine whether or not different parts of an effect are considered to be simultaneous. [7]  In the  TCG , for cards without Problem-Solving Card Text, it is necessary to rely on rulings for details on simultaneity.
 The conjunctives " then " and " also, after that " indicate that the part of the effect before the conjunctive is done strictly before the part of the effect after the conjunctive. Therefore, if the part of the effect after the conjunctive is applied, cards and effects cannot be activated in response to the part of the effect before the conjunctive, and so effects that could be activated in response to that event miss the timing.
 On the other hand, the conjunctives " and ", " and if you do " and " also " indicate that both the part of the effect before the conjunctive and the part of the effect after the conjunctive are done simultaneously. Therefore, if the part of the effect after the conjunctive is the last part of the effect to resolve, cards and effects can be activated in response to the part of the effect before the conjunctive (so do not miss the timing).
 
 Examples 
 Trigger and Trigger-like Effects 
       Peten the Dark Clown     
 Sequential events 
 When " Soul Taker "  resolves , first the target is  destroyed , then the opponent gains 1000  LP . (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive " then ".)  Since the opponent gains LP strictly after the monster is destroyed, cards and effects cannot be activated in response to the monster being destroyed.
 The effect of " Peten the Dark Clown " is an optional effect that uses " when ", so it must be activated in response to "Peten the Dark Clown" itself being sent to your Graveyard. If "Peten the Dark Clown" is destroyed by "Soul Taker", its effect misses the timing and cannot be activated. [1] 
 On the other hand, the effect of " Kidmodo Dragon " does not use " when ", so its effect can be activated even if it is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of "Soul Taker" (it is not necessary for the effect to be activated in response to "Kidmodo Dragon" being sent to the Graveyard).
 
 Simultaneous events 
 When " Psychokinesis " resolves, the target is destroyed, and at the same time, the player that activated "Psychokinesis" takes 1000  damage . (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive "and if you do".) Since both events occurred at the same time, cards and effects can be activated in response to both events.
 Therefore, regardless of whether the destroyed monster was " Peten the Dark Clown ", " Kidmodo Dragon ", or " Dandylion ", it can be activated in response to its own destruction (i.e. "Psychokinesis" cannot cause cards or effects to miss the timing).
 
 Chain Link 2 or higher 
 The effect of " Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird " is activated as  Chain Link  1 and " Raigeki Break " as Chain Link 2 targeting a  Fusion Monster . When the Chain resolves, the most recent event will be inflicting damage with the effect of "Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird", so it is not possible to activate cards and effects in response to the Fusion Monster being destroyed by "Raigeki Break".
 The effect of " Branch! " is an optional effect that uses " when ", so it must be activated in response to a  Fusion Monster  being destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, thus it misses its timing in the described scenario. On the other hand, the effect of " Yang Zing Creation " does not use " when ", so its effect can be activated even if the monster is destroyed at Chain Link 2 (it is not necessary for the effect to be activated in response to the monster being destroyed). Likewise, the effect of " Supply Squad " is a mandatory effect, so its effect will activate when a monster is destroyed at Chain Link 2.
 However, if " Divine Wrath " is activated at Chain Link 2 instead, since it negates the activation of the effect "Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird", the most recent event will be destroying "Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird". Therefore, the effects of "Branch!", "Yang Zing Creation", and "Supply Squad" can all be activated in this case.
 Similarly, if "Blaze Fenix, the Burning Bombardment Bird" is destroyed by the effect of "Raigeki Break" as Chain Link 1, all three effects can be activated.
 
 Tribute Summon 
 If a monster is  Tributed  for the  Tribute Summon  of " Summoned Skull ", first the monster is Tributed and sent to the Graveyard, then "Summoned Skull" is  Tribute Summoned . Once it is possible to activate cards and effects, the last event to occur was the Tribute Summon of "Summoned Skull" (not the monster being Tributed), so cards and effects cannot be activated in response to the monster being Tributed.
 If the Tributed monster was "Peten the Dark Clown", its effect misses the timing and cannot be activated. [1]  On the other hand, if the Tributed monster was "Kidmodo Dragon" or "Dandylion", its effect can be activated; in that case, the effect of "Kidmodo Dragon" or "Dandylion" will activate in response to the Tribute Summon of "Summoned Skull".
 The same applies if the monsters are used as  Synchro Materials  for a  Synchro Summon  or  Link Materials  for a  Link Summon , since the materials are sent to the Graveyard strictly before the  Synchro Monster  or  Link Monster  is Summoned.
 
 Activation cost 
 If a monster is  Tributed  as a  cost  to activate the effect of " Cannon Soldier ", because it is not possible to activate cards or effects in response to activation costs, it is not possible to activate a card or effect in response to the monster being Tributed.
 If the Tributed monster was "Peten the Dark Clown", its effect misses the timing and cannot be activated. [1] 
 On the other hand, if the Tributed monster was "Kidmodo Dragon" or "Dandylion", its effect can be activated. In that case, the effect of "Kidmodo Dragon" or "Dandylion" will activate in the next Chain after "Cannon Soldier" resolves (they cannot be activated in the same Chain because they are  Spell Speed 1  effects and this situation does not qualify for  SEGOC ).
 
 Multiple activations 
 If a card or effect is activated in response to an event, any card or effect activated in the same Chain is also in response to the same event.
 If the player controls both " Heart of the Underdog " and " Tethys, Goddess of Light ", when they draw a " Shining Friendship " (a  Fairy - Type   Normal Monster ) for their  normal draw , the effects of both "Heart of the Underdog" and "Tethys, Goddess of Light" meet their activation timings simultaneously, so they can both be activated in one  Chain  (as per the rules of  SEGOC ). One effect being activated does not cause the other to miss the timing, since the entire Chain is in response to the same event.
 
 Trap Cards and Quick-Play Spell Cards 
       Chthonian Blast     
 Sequential events 
 When " Soul Taker "  resolves , first the  target  is destroyed, then the opponent gains 1000  LP . (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive " then ".)  Since the opponent gains LP strictly after the monster is destroyed, cards and effects cannot be activated in response to the monster being destroyed.
 Cards such as " Chthonian Blast " and " Reverse of Neos " can only be activated in response to a monster being destroyed. If the monster is destroyed by "Soul Taker", these cards miss the timing and cannot be activated.
 On the other hand, " Puzzle Reborn " has an effect that is activated if a monster is destroyed by a card effect (it does not use "when", so it does not require that it be activated in response to that card being destroyed). Even if a monster is destroyed by "Soul Taker", "Puzzle Reborn" can be activated after the Chain resolves. [3] 
 
 Simultaneous events 
 When " Psychokinesis " resolves, the target is destroyed, and at the same time, the player that activated "Psychokinesis" takes 1000 damage. (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive " and if you do ".) Since both events occurred at the same time, cards and effects can be activated in response to both events.
 Therefore, cards such as "Chthonian Blast" and "Reverse of Neos" can be activated in response to a monster being destroyed by the effect of "Psychokinesis". (They do not miss the timing.)
 
 Chain Link 2 or higher 
 The  Ignition Effect  of " Elemental HERO Aqua Neos " is activated as  Chain Link  1 and " Raigeki Break " as Chain Link 2 targeting a monster. When the  Chain   resolves , the most recent event will be destroying a card in the hand with the effect of "Elemental HERO Aqua Neos", so it is not possible to activate cards and effects in response to the monster being destroyed by "Raigeki Break".
 Therefore, cards such as "Chthonian Blast" and "Reverse of Neos" cannot be activated in response to a monster being destroyed by "Raigeki Break" in the described scenario, so they miss the timing.
 However, if " Divine Wrath " is activated at Chain Link 2 instead, since it negates the activation of the effect "Elemental HERO Aqua Neos", the most recent event will be destroying "Elemental HERO Aqua Neos". Therefore, "Chthonian Blast" and "Reverse of Neos" can be activated in this case (they do not miss the timing).
 On the other hand, " Puzzle Reborn " (which does not use "when") can be activated even if a monster is destroyed at Chain Link 2 or higher by "Raigeki Break". [3] 
 
 Activation cost 
 If the player  discards  a card as a  cost  to activate " Cards of Consonance ", because it is not possible to activate cards or effects in response to activation costs, it is not possible to activate a card or effect in response to the card being discarded. The activation timing of " Forced Requisition " uses " when ", so it can only be activated in response to the player discarding a card, hence it misses its activation timing in this case. [6] 
 On the other hand, " That Wacky Alchemy! " has an effect that is activated if an opponent's face-up Spell Card is sent to the Graveyard (it does not use "when", so it does not require that it be activated in response to that card being sent to the Graveyard). If the  Ignition Effect  of an opponent's " Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Bear " is activated by sending " Fire Formation - Tenki " to the Graveyard, "That Wacky Alchemy!" can be activated in any subsequent  Chain Link . [2] 
 
 Multiple activations 
 " Junk Changer " has an optional  Trigger Effect  that activates when it is  Special Summoned . Even if its effect is activated, since the entire Chain is in response to the same event(s), cards such as " Bottomless Trap Hole " and " Inferno Reckless Summon " (which can only be activated in response to a monster being Summoned) can be Chained to the activation of the effect of "Junk Changer".
 
 Quick and Quick-like Effects 
         Shiny Black "C"     
 Sequential events 
 When the effect of " Drill Warrior " to  Special Summon  itself resolves, first it Special Summons itself, then its controller adds 1 monster from their Graveyard to their hand. (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive " then ".)  Since the monster is added to the hand strictly after the Special Summon, cards and effects cannot be activated in response to the Special Summon.
 The effect of " Shiny Black "C" " can only be activated in response to a  Synchro Monster  being Special Summoned to the opponent's field. When an opponent's "Drill Warrior" is Special Summoned by its own effect, the effect of "Shiny Black "C"" misses the timing and cannot be activated.
 
 Simultaneous events 
 When " Soul Charge " resolves, monsters are Special Summoned, and at the same time, the player that activated it loses 1000  LP  for each. (This is clear due to the use of the conjunctive " and if you do ".) Since both events occurred at the same time, cards and effects can be activated in response to both events.
 Therefore, the effect of " Shiny Black "C" " can be activated in response to a  Synchro Monster  being Special Summoned to the opponent's field by "Soul Charge". (It does not miss the timing.)
 
 Chain Link 2 or higher 
 " Dian Keto the Cure Master " is activated as  Chain Link  1 and " Raigeki Break " as Chain Link 2 targeting a monster. When the Chain resolves, the most recent event will be gaining  LP  with the effect of "Dian Keto the Cure Master", so it is not possible to activate cards and effects in response to the monster being destroyed by "Raigeki Break".
 " Desrook Archfiend " can only be activated in response to the player's " Terrorking Archfiend " being destroyed and sent to the Graveyard. If "Terrorking Archfiend" is destroyed by "Raigeki Break" in the Chain described above, it is not possible to activate cards or effects in response to its destruction, so "Desrook Archfiend" misses the timing. [5] 
 
 See also 
 Fast effect timing 
 External links 
 Advanced Game Play FAQ's on Upper Deck Entertainment's site  (archive) 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   "Individual Card Rulings [P-R]" . Upper Deck Entertainment. Peten the Dark Clown. Archived from  the original  on 20 February 2009 .  http://web.archive.org/web/20090220140220/http://entertainment.upperdeck.com:80/yugioh/en/gameplay/faqs/cardfaqs/default.aspx?first=P&last=R . Retrieved 4 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Berger, Tyler (March 21, 2013).  "Don’t Forget About This Card: That Wacky Alchemy!" . Konami .  https://yugiohblog.konami.com/articles/?p=4721 . Retrieved 3 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Tewart, Kevin  (October 24, 2012).  "[Official Thread] Abyss Rising" .  http://www.pojo.biz/board/showpost.php?p=26039471&postcount=113 . Retrieved 4 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   "Advanced Game Play FAQ's" . Upper Deck Entertainment. Missing the Timing - Optional Trigger Effects. Archived from  the original  on February 19, 2009 .  http://web.archive.org/web/20090217144746/http://entertainment.upperdeck.com:80/YuGiOh/en/gameplay/faqs/advancedgameplay/default.aspx . Retrieved 4 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   "Individual Card Rulings [D-E]" . Upper Deck Entertainment. Desrook Archfiend. Archived from  the original  on 18 February 2009 .  http://web.archive.org/web/20090218205242/http://entertainment.upperdeck.com:80/yugioh/en/gameplay/faqs/cardfaqs/default.aspx?first=D&last=E . Retrieved 4 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   "Ｑ＆Ａ » 強制接収 [Q&A » Forced Requisition]"  (in Japanese). Konami. 20 July 2012 .  http://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=4&cid=4948&request_locale=ja . Retrieved 4 June 2017 . 
 
 ↑   Tewart, Kevin  (December 12, 2012).  "Problem-Solving Card Text, Part 7: 2012 Update – Conjunction Functions" .  Konami .  https://yugiohblog.konami.com/articles/?p=4514 . 
 
 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Missing_the_Timing_EN-US.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20131004125132', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/PetentheDarkClown-SDKS-EN-C-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20161021201100', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/ChthonianBlast-BPW2-NA-C-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20140122120459', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2c/ShinyBlackC-DL14-EN-R-UE-Blue.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20120704193940']
Categories: Gameplay