Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Crow_manga_portal.jpg

For the other versions of this character, see  Crow Hogan (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 
 
 Crow, alongside " Blackwing Armor Master ". 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Crow the Bullet 
 
 
 Japanese   
 クロウ・ホーガン 
 
 
 Korean   
 크로우 
 
 
 Arabic   
 كرو 
 
 
 Spanish   
 Cuervo 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 September 6 [1] 
 
 
 Age 
 17 ( Dark Signer Arc ) 18 ( WRGP ) 19 (Team 5D's future) 27 (finale timeskip) 
 
 
 Height 
 174 cm [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 56 kg [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents (deceased) Martha  (foster mother) Yusei Fudo  (older foster brother) Jack Atlas  (older foster brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Turbo Duelist 
 
 
 Organization 
 Shingon League 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Highway patroller Delivery boy 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Signers Blackbird Delivery New Domino City police 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Racing Grand Prix   Winner     
 
 
 Previous team 
 Team 5D's The Enforcers 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Blackwing 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2010 
 Ascending Legend Blackwing Whirlwind Storming Blackwind 
 
 
 WC 2011 
 Ascending Legend Rise, Black-Wing! Driven on Blackwing 
 
 
 Duel Transer 
 Blackwing Whirlwind Blackwing Gale Dark Shadow Gale Dark Wing Whirlwind 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 30: " Fight or Flight " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Clay Adams  (episodes 30-93) Tom Wayland  (episodes 94-136) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Shintaro Asanuma 
 
 
 German  
 Dirk Petrick [2] 
 
 
 Italian  
 Federico Zanandrea 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Steven Bontogon 
 
 
 
 Crow Hogan  is one of the primary protagonists in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  as well  Yusei Fudo 's and  Jack Atlas ' childhood friend from  Satellite , and later the second Signer with the Tail  Mark of the Dragon . He is also the younger foster brother of Yusei and Jack.
 Crow is the last of the main protagonists in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  to appear in the show. His role is somewhat limited at first, as he does not show up until the  Dark Signer  arc and often moved in and out of the story. He plays a much more prominent role in staring in the  Pre-World Racing Grand Prix  arc, acting as one of the three primary characters alongside Yusei and Jack. 
 An alternate universe  version  of Crow appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . [3] [4] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Dark Signers 
 2.3   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.4   Crash Town 
 2.5   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.6   Ark Cradle 
 2.7   Team 5D's future 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yusei Fudo 
 3.2   Jack Atlas 
 3.3   Robert Pearson 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Standing 
 5.2   Turbo 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Crow's linework.     
 Crow has dark-grey eyes and brushy-spiked orange hair with a viridian headband embroidered with two rings at the right side. He wears his outfit from his days as a part of  The Enforcers , which consists of blue jeans, a yellow t-shirt, and a sleeveless brown cargo vest. He also wears a pair of earrings in the shape of  washers . While riding his  Duel Runner , he always wears a beak-shaped black helmet with plumes sticking from the sides, which includes an orange eyeshield and decorated with a red gem. During the  World Racing Grand Prix , he wore a brown racing leather jacket.
 One unique thing about him are the  criminal marks  on his face. He has been marked at least twice; he only had the "M" in his time with The Enforcers so he gained the dot and eye marks after leaving the team.
 
 Personality 
 Though possessing similar qualities and ideas to  Yusei , such as having a selfless and heroic personality, helping others when needed, Crow is proven an impulsive and daring person who will rise up to any challenge and show that he is not a pushover. He is also generous and altruistic, as he is willing to fight for the sake of his friends and for those he considers his family, including underprivileged children that he helped raise in  Satellite . In the dub, Crow has a fear of clowns due to an incident on his fifth birthday.
 Crow seems to have taken Jack's advice to heart about growth. At the final party between Team 5D's, Jack stated if the bonds of his friends are inhibiting his growth, that means it is time to move on his own. Eight years later, after realizing his Turbo Dueling team has nothing more to offer him nor does he have anymore more to offer them, he decided it is time to duel full-time on his own.
 
 Etymology 
 According to  Katsumi Ono , the name  Crow Hogan  (クロウ・ホーガン  Kurō Hōgan ) is based on the title  Kurō Hōgan  (九郎判官  Kurō Hōgan ) held by  General Yoshitsune . [5] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Crow's becoming friends with  Yusei  and  Jack .     
 Crow was orphaned after his parents died during the  Zero Reverse  incident. He had no other family or friends to take him in, so he was on his own. He didn't know when he would be able to find food, clothes, or a decent place to sleep, so he dreamed of soft beds and warm meals, felt that he could only rely on himself, and was lonely with only his shadow for company. He spent a lot of his time wandering around  Satellite  alone. Not having been to school, he could barely read, spell, write, and perform arithmetic. He never really enjoyed being on his own and not having rules to follow as it was dangerous for a child to be on their own in Satellite.
 Crow hoped most of all that he would one day become a professional  Duelist  and escape Satellite. One day, while wandering around a dump, he discovered some  Duel Monsters  cards, including " D.D. Crow " and " Crow Goblin ". He decided to use them to start a Deck with. While admiring the cards later, he met a group of people, who befriended him and taught him how to play  Duel Monsters . Through Duel Monsters, Crow improved his reading, spelling, and arithmetic skills.
 While playing Duel Monsters with other children, he came to meet  Jack Atlas  and  Yusei Fudo . The three of them were able to accept each other for who they were, and so became best friends, cared about each other, dueled one another often for fun, and grew to be as close as brothers.
 
 Martha  became his caretaker and Crow accepted her as a foster-mother.         Yusei  and Crow eating a  cup ramen  together.     
 While living in Martha's care, Crow enjoyed eating  cup ramen  and even ate from the same cup as Yusei at the same time. [6] 
 Crow set up a hideout near the  Daedalus Bridge . Remembering how tough his own childhood was and that  Duel Monsters  had saved him, he began to take care of children who needed someone to look after them in the area. He fed them and let them live with him. Crow also supplied them with  Duel Monsters  cards he would steal for them and taught them all how to Duel. His crimes led to him getting three  criminal marks  for his actions.
 
         Crow with the rest of  the Enforcers .     
 As a teenager, Crow and his friends Jack and Yusei met  Kalin Kessler . The three of them were able to accept Kalin and became best friends with him. They cared about him and grew close to him as a brother and a comrade. The four of them formed a  Duel Gang ,  The Enforcers , with Kalin as their leader in order to make the most of living in poor conditions in Satellite. With the team, Crow earned the nickname of "Crow the Bullet."
 The Enforcers began to Duel other Duel Gangs and take over the various sectors of Satellite. The four of them Dueled while connecting  Deathmatch Duel Ropes  to their opponent's  Duel Disks , which would destroy them upon the opponent losing. In Sector D, Crow deliberately allowed the  Magician's Four  to defeat him. This triggered a transmitter inside his Duel Disk which allowed the rest of his friends to come to his aid and discover the lair. Together the four of them defeated the Magician's Four and took over their zone for themselves.
 When Crow, Jack, Kalin, and Yusei were facing another Duel Gang with the four of them being up against twenty members, Dueling several of them at once, one of the members attempted to kill Yusei by throwing him off of the roof. Kalin caught Yusei by the connected Duel Rope and pulled him up, saving his life. With that gang defeated, the Enforcers had captured all of the zones in Satellite. However, Kalin's personality began to change for the worse. He became cruel, domineering, and unpredictable, letting the power get to his head. After he assaulted a little kid from a Dueling Gang after he had defeated him in a Duel, Crow attempted to stop him but Kalin punched him. Jack and Yusei broke up the fight. Afterwards Crow and Jack left the team. Crow and Jack rejoined the team to help Kalin after he was pursued by  Sector Security . However Kalin was arrested and the team disbanded. Crow, Jack, and Yusei all went their separate ways.
 Sometime later, an incident occurred one night while he was at his hideout. As Crow tried to deal with two intruders,  Robert Pearson  appeared along with  Bolton . Pearson and Bolton Dueled against the two individuals. Crow finds out that Pearson also looks out for children in Satellite. However, Pearson is different from Crow due to the fact that he made sure that the kids can fulfill their own potential. Their shared objective is why Crow helped Pearson with his research, which was an engine made from junk from the Satellite.
 Later on, Crow arrived at the scene of a fire, where he found Pearson. Knowing that he can't be saved, Pearson asked Crow to take his  Duel Runner , and then gave him his  Duel Disk . The Duel Runner, the  Blackbird , has a set of retractable wings, inspired by the  Daedalus Bridge  legend. Unbeknownst to Crow, hidden inside the Blackbird was the card " Black-Winged Dragon ".
 
 Dark Signers 
 After stealing several Decks from a  Security  warehouse, Crow gets chased while riding his  Duel Runner . In order to hunt him down, Security activates the  Turbo Duel  system and engages Crow in a Turbo Duel. Crow easily defeats his opponent in a  One Turn Kill .
 He comes to an isolated area with many children, showing and giving them the cards he stole. Crow then goes into his place and sees  Yusei  winning the title match of the  Fortune Cup  on the news.
 Crow reunites with Yusei after Yusei returns to  Satellite . Yusei takes him back to his base, to visit his friends. However, the Security, who were after Crow earlier track him down. Crow arranges a rendezvous at  Daedalus Bridge , while he and Yusei team up in a  Tag Turbo Duel  to defeat the Securities.
 Crow and Yusei meet up with  Blister ,  Nervin ,  Blitz ,  Tank  and  Rally  at the rendezvous point. Crow introduces his friends to the children and tells the legend of the Daedalus Bridge. Later that night, Yusei tries to leave in order to investigate the place where he thinks the  Dark Signers  are located. Crow refuses to let Yusei go without him. Riding their Duel Runners, they see a huge geoglyph and head towards it. Crow nearly gets hit by the card " Vorse Raider " thrown by  Kalin . Kalin, now a  Dark Signer , sets up a huge shadow field in the shape of his  birthmark , separating him from Yusei in order to engage in a  Shadow Turbo Duel  against Yusei.
 The Shadow Turbo Duel came to an abrupt end just before Yusei would have lost when his Duel Runner crashes. After a large shard from the Duel Runner impales Yusei (which was cut from the dub), Crow takes him to  Martha  so he can be operated on by  Dr. Schmidt . After Yusei recovers from surgery, Crow is glad that his friend recovered.
 When  Lazar  goes to Satellite on Goodwin's behalf, Crow sees him, and mistakes him for a Dark Signer. He tries to capture Lazar,but what he caught was a substitute. Crow corners him in the same place where  the Enforcers  defeated the  Magician's Four , and forces him to Duel using the same house rules that the  Duel Gangs  did back then. However, the appearance of the  black fog  causes the Duel to end prematurely. Crow rushes to escape on his Duel Runner. Crow takes refuge in a refrigerator, to avoid being captured by the fog.
 After the fog clears, Crow searches Satellite, finding everyone has disappeared. Shortly afterwards, he finds  Greiger , who is also now a Dark Signer. To avenge the children Crow imposes a  Shadow Turbo Duel . Greiger initially refuses to Duel a non-Signer, but Crow manages to let on he has a bomb (in the dub an EMP generator) in order to convince Greiger to face him. Remembering Yusei's encounter with an  Earthbound Immortal , Crow insists that both players turn off autopilot, as he thinks he'll need his own maneuverability to dodge  attacks  from an Immortal.
 Yusei interrupts the Duel, insisting that both players should stop. Crow refuses and tells Yusei of his reasons for challenging Greiger. Greiger later Summons " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua ". Just when all seems lost, Crows draws his final card. He then goes on to  Synchro Summon  " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant ". Using this card, he wins the Duel, making him the first non-Signer to win on his own against a Dark Signer. Once Greiger's Earthbound Immortal is defeated, Crow indirectly freed the people from Greiger's village who included  Annie  and  Max . However Greiger consequently turns into dust following his defeat.
 Crow later watches Yusei's Duel against Kalin as a spectator alongside  Luna ,  Leo , and  Trudge . After the Duel finally ends with Yusei victorious, Crow and the others travel to where the original  Ener-D  Reactor is because  Roman Goodwin  has challenged Yusei to a Duel. Once there, while Yusei, Luna, Leo and Trudge enter through the stairs from the crater, Crow spots another opening because he notices some Security helicopters nearby. He goes to check it out while Yusei and Roman's Duel is taking place.
 He finds a picture of Yusei and  his   parents  and doesn't know who they are. He also finds  Goodwin , but all Goodwin tells him is if Yusei beats him, he will be waiting for him. Goodwin escapes, so Crow finds his way to the original Ener-D Reactor, much lower then the others, as Yusei confesses that he feels responsible for everyone's lives being ruined because of his father's experiments. Crow yells back, saying that he didn't know Yusei was harboring these feelings, and that he was sorry he didn't notice. But, Crow feels really happy that he made friends with him and Jack and many others. He yells out as Yusei falls into the Ener-D Reactor, but is unable to do anything. He manages to reach the level that Luna, Leo and Trudge are on, and while Leo believes Yusei is dead, Crow firmly believes Yusei is alright, because Yusei could never die here. He is surprised, but glad, when Yusei returns, though unconscious. He and Trudge catch Yusei, and set him down on the ground. Crow tells Yusei to wake up and he does wake up, though a little weak.
 
         Crow's arm with the Tail  Mark of the Dragon .     
 Crow, Yusei and Jack engage in a Turbo Duel against Goodwin, as he plans to sacrifice a Signer in order to welcome the arrival of the  King of the Netherworld  to  New Domino City . Through the Duel, Rex revealed that he was the legendary man from the Daedalus Bridge story. However, Crow still fight for the legend regardless of Rex's remarks. When Rex uses the effect of " Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca " to lower Crow's  Life Points  to 1, he is blown out of the geoglyph from a combination of the effect and one of the creatures from the King of the Netherworld. He uses the flight mode on his  Duel Runner  to fly back up and take out Rex's " Moon Dragon Quilla ", as well as  activating  his " Blackwing Anchor "  Trap Card . Crow then lands on the geoglyph but as one of his Duel Runner's wings break, he then falls down and is unable to continue with the Duel. Even though eliminated because of this, his "Blackwing Anchor" remained active and was used by Yusei later on.
 Before Goodwin is about to be defeated, all of the  Marks of the Dragon  return to their owners. However the Dragon Head mark appears on Yusei, replacing his former Tail mark. The Dragon's tail birthmark appears on Crow, causing him to inherit the role of the fifth Signer.
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
         Crow in his job outfit.     
         Crow's new job.     
 Crow becomes a delivery man, calling his service  Blackbird Delivery  and using his  Duel Runner  as the vehicle. He,  Yusei , and  Jack  share an apartment owned by  Zora  and spend almost all of their time designing a new Duel Runner engine, with Yusei focusing on schematics and Crow and Jack focusing on testing it out, although this normally results in them blowing the workshop up or just generally making a mess. Later, after  Trudge  is attacked by  Ghost , he, Jack, and Yusei search for Ghost on the highway. After Yusei finds Ghost, the other two are left to watch their Duel. After Yusei defeats Ghost, they find out he is a  robot  and Yusei believes that a new threat is coming.
 Crow is given the job of convincing a withdrawn man,  Mr. Bashford , to move into  Martha 's, due to the dangerous nature of his own house. Crow is subjected to a series of traps, as he tries to enter Bashford's house, causing him to stumble upon an old fashioned  Duel Arena . Using it, Crow Duels Bashford in order to convince him to come to Martha's. After Crow wins, the mountains of junk at Bashford's begin to collapse, but Crow saves Bashford by pulling him into a refrigerator. Crow, Yusei, Jack and  Blister  learn that Bashford misses his son. They tell him that they can be his  sons  and convince him to come stay at Martha's where he'll have plenty of grandchildren.
 On the day of  Akiza's  final exam, Crow and Jack help Yusei modify and improve her Duel Runner so that she can Turbo Duel and obtain her license. Like the rest, he is present during her first official Turbo Duel, in which she is able to defeat Trudge. He then helps Yusei build a  Duel Board  for Leo. Later on, along with Akiza, Jack, and Yusei, Crow witnesses  Leo  and  Luna  Duel  Lester  in a Turbo Duel.
 After Leo and Luna's loss to Lester, Crow and Jack discuss the changes that have recently taken place in their lives. The two grow concerned for Yusei, as Crow points out that he does tend to keep some of his feelings to himself rather than share them with his friends. The two decide to go find him and figure out what's troubling him once and for all.
 When they meet up with Yusei, he reveals his unease around Ghost, and tells them that he suspects that  Iliaster  is behind everything, as  Roman  had told him that it was a man from Iliaster who set him down the path of becoming a  Dark Signers . Furthermore, they are using the  WRGP  for some mysterious plan, if  Sherry  was to be believed. The three decide to work towards mastering  Vizor 's  Accel Synchro Summon  as a means to effectively combat the new Iliaster plot and to protect the city. When Yusei takes in an amnesiac named  Bruno , he willingly accepts him into their home.
 Zora is suddenly feeling down and when Yusei asks why, she reveals that the  Poppo Time  Grandfather Clock that hangs above their apartment door is broken and needs to be taken down. Zora's son,  Lyndon , comes from overseas to repair the clock, but he is turned down by his mother. Due to a turn of events, Crow Duels Lyndon and he and his mother reconcile.
 
 Crash Town 
 Crow saved  Kalin  from  Lawton , throwing " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind " at  Lawton 's shotgun. The next day, he,  Yusei , and  Jack  said good-bye to Kalin, who decided to stay to rebuild  Crash Town  and take care of  Nico  and  West .
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
         Crow's and  Yusei 's new  Turbo Duel  suits.     
 Crow is asked by  Trudge  to take part in an investigation about the mysterious  Duelist  who faced  Robert Pearson  before his death. However, he notices a small error in his  Duel Runner . His only lead is a  Synchro Monster , " Crimson Mefist ". used by the Duelist. His investigations lead him to another person connected to Robert,  Bolton . In order to find out the truth, Crow Duels against Bolton, wagering the legendary " Black-Winged Dragon ", even though Pearson, at the time of his death, didn't leave the card to him.
 During the intense Duel, Crow discovers that Bolton is responsible for Pearson's death. Crow's determination to fulfill Pearson's will makes his  Mark of the Dragon  react and reveal a hidden compartment in his Duel Runner, containing the card "Black-Winged Dragon". Crow Summons it, causing Yusei and Jack's Marks of the Dragon react to it, as they conclude that its also Crow's  Signer Dragon . As for Crow, with the help of this Dragon he is able to defeat Bolton.
 While training for the  WRGP ,  Team Catastrophe  played the dark card given to them by  Primo  while riding on the highway in order to sabotage Crow, resulting in a shoulder injury serious enough that he must sit out some of the tournament.  Akiza  then volunteers to temporarily replace him. Crow is upset at first, but eventually warms up to her to the point of calling her out so that she can practice.
 However, he supported his team during their first Duel with  Team Unicorn . After Akiza lost, he tried to encourage her. He was astonished when Yusei Summoned " Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste ", wondering what that monster was. Crow later congratulated Yusei after he defeated Team Unicorn by himself. During the celebration, he and Jack started to argue because Crow said that without him,  Team 5D's  would be in a bad situation, and Jack wasn't good enough.
 During their second round match with Team Catastrophe, he figured out that Akiza was wounded by the very same card that wounded him earlier, which upsets him even more. Crow decides to push his limits to bear the pain in his shoulder. When he came to challenge Team Catastrophe, he learned something strange about his opponent. He managed to dodge the shadow attack that injured Team Unicorn as well as Akiza. Ultimately, even injured, Crow defeats " Hook the Hidden Knight " with "Black Winged Dragon".
 The gang soon learn of the swarm of  Duelbots  known as  Diablo  attacking Duelists all over  New Domino . Crow wants to help, but is advised not to since his arm was injured in his Duel against Team Catastrophe. Later, he complains he cannot wait any longer, and joins Yusei, meeting the  Three Pure Nobles .
 After he went with Jack, Yusei and  Bruno  in search for brand new cup ramen, they met  Lazar . They tried to catch him, but he escaped. Later, Jack decided to lure Lazar in a trap using a cup of ramen as a bait. After Crow lost to Jack in rock-paper-scissors game, he had to dress as  Cup Ramen Man  during promotion of  Red Demon's Noodles . After Crow defeated three men, Lazar appeared. Jack's trap was successful and a gang surrounded him. Lazar escaped again, but Yusei put a tracking device on him which helped him locate Lazar. Crow then Dueled Lazar for information about  Iliaster . Lazar tried to stop Crow from  Synchro Summoning , but Crow dodged it using " Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights ". During the Duel, Lazar's  son  and  wife  appeared, cheering for him. Seeing that Lazar is fighting for his family, Crow tried to lose on purpose. After Lazar understood that Crow was trying to lose, he decided to lose before him. He purposely destroyed " Blackwing - Anchor ", and he lost due to its  effect .
 Crow was also present during the examination of Lazar. He went with others to the database of  Sector Security  which is a Turbo Duel game. After Lazar lost, he wanted to Duel, but he gave the chance to Akiza, who won. After Jack lost, Crow criticized him and both of them started to argue. Later, when Yusei Dueled Cup Ramen Man, Jack was wondering why Yusei lowered damage, but Crow responded that Yusei's strategy is to power up " Jester Queen ".
 Later, while Yusei, Bruno and  Sherry  are undercover in the  Momentum Express Development Organization  building, one of Crow's piercings comes out in a series of accidents, a Japanese superstition signifying dreadful events in the future (Yusei and co. being found out and sent through a worm hole).
 After Jack lost to  Jinbei Tanigawa , Crow as second wheeler Dueled him. In order to destroy " Hand-Holding Genie ", Crow first Summoned " Blackwing Armor Master " and put a  Wedge Counter  on it. Then he  attacked  it with "Black-Winged Dragon", winning the Duel. After Crow stopped the third member of  Team Taiyo ,  Taro Yamashita , from damaging his  Life Points , he noticed Taro was smiling. Crow then understood that something was wrong. After he understood that Team Taiyo strategy is to Summon " Zushin the Sleeping Giant ", Crow tried to destroy " Key Mace ", which will be  Tribute  for Summoning "Zushin", but he failed. He lost the Duel after Taro attacked him using "Zushin", but not before he activated Jack's " Monster Baton ",  discarding  " Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp ", leaving it for Yusei.
 After the victory of  Team 5D's  over  Team Taiyo , Crow, Jack, and Yusei learned the story of the " Aesir " cards from  Team Ragnarok . When Team 5D's faced Team Ragnarok, Crow Dueled  Broder . The Duel revealed the similarities between the two. Although Crow Summoned "Black-Winged Dragon", his Life Points were reduced to 50 rather quickly, due to Broder Summoning " Loki, Lord of the Aesir " and still having his teammate  Dragan 's " Thor, Lord of the Aesir " as well. Although it looked as if Crow was about to lose, he managed to activate the effect of " Black Wing " to bring Broder's Life Points down to 0. However Broder, refusing to lose, activated his own  Trap Card  and reduced Crow's Life Points to 0 as well, ending the Duel in a  DRAW .
 
         Jakob  vs. Crow.     
 In the final match against  Team New World , Crow Duels against  Jakob , who had defeated Jack and stole " Red Nova Dragon " thanks to " Meklord Emperor Granel " and its effects. He tries to  destroy  and then  remove from play  "Granel" with the help of "Aurora" with the effects of "Blackwing Armor Master" and his " Steam Token ". Though he tries hard to overcome the " Meklord ", Crow only lasts a few  turns  and, in the end, sacrifices himself in order to leave Yusei his "Black-Winged Dragon" and " Shadow Impulse " so that he stands a chance against Jakob.
 During the continuation of the Duel, Crow calls out to Yusei while he is half conscious in the infirmary with Jack. He is transported, along with the rest of Team 5D's, to the  Three Pure Nobles ' visions of the future. He watches as the power of Synchro Summoning and  Ener-D  become too powerful over many years, creating a second  Zero Reverse  via the  Meklord Emperor Genocide . After returning to the present, he is conflicted as to whether what he just saw was the truth or not, but continues to believe in Yusei and the future he and his friends are creating.
 
 Ark Cradle 
         Crow Duels  Sherry .     
 Along with the rest of the  Signers , Crow later accompanies  Yusei  in an assault of the  Divine Temple . Before they do so, he receives the " Z-ONE " card from  Elsworth , who asks that he return the card to  Sherry  if they should meet in the Temple. When the team splits into three groups due to  Z-one 's trap, he travels with  Akiza  to the center of the structure. Sherry guards the gear, prompting Crow to return "Z-ONE" to her. They proceed to Duel Sherry in a  Battle Royal . Sherry plays her " Ecole de Zone "  Field Spell Card , separating them. Crow and Akiza struggle for a few turns, but then Akiza sees through Sherry's trick and successfully summons her " Black Rose Dragon " and uses its  effect  to destroy the Field Spell. The two are reunited, but Sherry fights back by using "Z-ONE" to activate " Soul-Binding Gate ".
 Because of the effect of the new Field Spell all three of them receive damage, with Akiza on the verge of being defeated, but Crow saved by them. Akiza returns the favor by saving him from a  direct attack  from Sherry's " Sorciere de Fleur " and helping win the Duel. During the Duel, Sherry reveals to them that she wishes to create a world where everyone gets to be with their family, herself included. Crow was hesitant to continue fighting when he saw a few orphans from the  Satellite  in the vision, but Akiza quickly reminds him that millions of people will die if they let Sherry and Z-one destroy  New Domino City . She also tells him that as long as he believes in the future, anything can be done. With his conviction returned, they continue the Duel. Sherry is defeated, and her "Soul-Binding Gate" crumbles, threatening to crush her. Both Akiza and Crow try to save her too and almost suffer the same fate. Fortunately, Akiza's "Black Rose Dragon" whose still materialized, saves them. Crow and Akiza wonder if it was because of a thin layer of psychic power. They convince Sherry to join with them and change the future.
 Eventually, Crow, Akiza, and Sherry all reunited with Yusei informing them all of his Duel with  Bruno . After grieving, they all confronted Z-one.  However, before Yusei could challenge him,  Aporia  arrives and shocks everyone, including Crow, and Duels Z-one in Yusei's place to not only reveal the kind of  Deck  Z-one has, but to show  Team 5D's  the hope he received from them.  In the end, after Aporia lost, Crow gave Yusei "Black-Winged Dragon" to use in his Duel with Z-one.  During the Duel, Z-one's mask is damaged and is shocked to see Z-one have the same  criminal mark  as Yusei.
 
 Team 5D's future 
         Crow as a member of  Sector Security .     
 At some point after  Yusei 's battle with  Z-one , he becomes a member of  Sector Security . After witnessing  Jack  and Yusei's Duel, he decides to leave  New Domino City  to continue Dueling as a professional Duelist. He joined the  Shingon League , where he formed a team with two other Duelists. 8 Years later, he left his team in order to join the  Ride Ace  League, where he would be able to challenge Jack, who was now the "World King". His team members were distraught, but Crow recommended  Leo  as his replacement.
 
 
 Relationships 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Crow and Yusei were close friends.
 
 Jack Atlas 
 Robert Pearson 
 Other appearances 
 Crow Hogan (manga) Crow Hogan ( ARC-V ) Crow Hogan ( BAM ) Crow Hogan-Decade Duels.png Crow Hogan ( Decade Duels ) Crow Hogan ( Duel Links ) Crow (Duel Terminal) Crow Hogan-YDT1.png Crow Hogan ( Duel Transer ) Crow Hogan-Online.png Crow Hogan ( Online ) Crow Hogan ( Tag Force ) Crow Hogan-WC11.png Crow Hogan ( World Championship ) 
 Decks 
 Standing 
         Crow with his  Blackwing   Synchro Monsters .     
 Crow uses a  " Blackwing " Deck , primarily focused on  swarm  and  beatdown  tactics. He mainly uses cards such as " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind ", " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North " and " Rendering Tuning " to easily  Synchro Summon  his  ace   monsters , " Blackwing Armor Master " and later his " Black-Winged Dragon ". He also uses cards like " Down Force " and " Trap Stun " to prevent his opponent's  Trap Cards  from disrupting his strategies.
 
 
 Standing Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake 
 Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain 
 Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind 
 Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado 
 Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak 
 Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Black-Winged Strafe 
 Cards for Black Feathers 
 Level Wing 
 Reload 
 Rendering Tuning 
 Traps 
 Blackback 
 Black Thunder 
 Blackwing - Boobytrap 
 Chaos Life 
 Down Force 
 Dust Tornado 
 Fake Feather 
 Mirror Force [Notes 1] 
 Trap Stun 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Turbo 
 Crow also uses a  " Blackwing " Turbo Deck . To counter  Team New World 's " Meklord Emperors ", Crow utilizes " Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights ", allowing him to indirectly use the abilities of his  Synchro Monsters .
 
 
 Turbo Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear  x2 
 Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp 
 Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind 
 Blackwing - Calima the Haze 
 Blackwing - Elphin the Raven 
 Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords 
 Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain 
 Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind 
 Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind 
 Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak 
 Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer 
 Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall 
 Blackwing - Steam the Cloaked 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Synchro [Notes 2] 
 Speed Spell - Angel Baton 
 Speed Spell - End of the Storm [Notes 2] 
 Speed Spell - Speed Force 
 Speed Spell - Tune Up 123 
 Traps 
 Blackback 
 Blackboost 
 Black Return 
 Black Feather Beacon 
 Blackwing Anchor 
 Blackwing - Backlash 
 Black Sonic 
 Black Wing  x2 
 Black Wing Revenge 
 Defenders Intersect 
 Delta Crow - Anti Reverse 
 Down Burst 
 Ebon Arrow 
 Explosion Guard 
 Fake Feather [Notes 3] 
 Gravity Collapse 
 Level Retuner 
 Life Exchange 
 Parasite Mind 
 Shadow Dance 
 Shadow Impulse 
 Trap Stun [Notes 4] 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Magician's Four 
 33 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Magician's Four  member 
 33 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Sector Security 
 30 
 Win
 
 
 Sector Security 
 31 
 Win (with  Yusei Fudo )
 
 
 Lazar 
 43 - 44 
 No result
 
 
 Greiger 
 51 - 53 
 Win
 
 
 Rex Goodwin 
 62 - 64 
 Win (with  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas )
 
 
 Bashford 
 68 
 Win
 
 
 Lyndon 
 85 
 Lose
 
 
 Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas 
 Movie 
 No result
 
 
 Bolton 
 94 - 95 
 Win
 
 
 Hermann 
 104 - 105 
 Win
 
 
 Lazar 
 114 
 Win
 
 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 120 
 Win
 
 
 Taro Yamashita 
 120 - 121 
 Lose
 
 
 Broder 
 126 - 127 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Jakob 
 133 
 Lose
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 139 - 140 
 Win (with  Akiza Izinski )
 
 
 Dobocle 
 152 
 Win
 
 Trivia 
 There was a rumor that Crow was initially planned to become the last Dark Signer. However, when Katsumi Ono, the director of 5D's was questioned about this, he replied: "There was one such idea even before Crow was given a name. The plan was only in the very early stages [of production], so don't pay too much attention to it." According to this, it was only in a very early draft of the script, not a decision made after the surging popularity of Blackwings, as the fan rumor claimed. [7] [8] 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's: Character File : Crow Hogan's profile  (Japanese) 
 
 ↑   Deutsche Synchronkartei:  Dirk Petrick 
 
 ↑   Twitter 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  katsuono at 4:28 December 1, 2010 (GMT) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 115: " Press Him About the Mystery! The Endgame Riding Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  gyonabe at Apr 8, 2011, question directed at Katsumi Ono about a rumor of Crow. 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  katsuono at Apr 9, 2011, reply to the rumor question. 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 85 , but not  activated . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This card can be seen in his hand in  episode 30 . 
 
 ↑   This  Set  card is  destroyed  by  Greiger 's " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " in  episode 52 . 
 
 ↑   This  Set  card is  destroyed  by  Bolton 's " White Warrior - Fog the Treasure Shield " in  episode 95 . 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Crow Hogan  pages Anime, manga, books 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  characters Main 
 Paradox 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) 
 Pharaoh 
 Yubel 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua, Rua) 
 Luna (Luca, Ruka) 
 JumBANG! 
 Akina Minami 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 Yoshiyuki Hirai 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  characters 
 Player ← WC09 WC11 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Annie 
 Blister 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Carly 
 Devack 
 Dexter 
 Jack 
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Heitmann 
 Hunter 
 Kalin 
 Bashford 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Roman 
 Sayer 
 Tanner 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Zeman 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Alina 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Arashiyama 
 Bass 
 Check 
 Chihiro 
 Clock 
 Coppola 
 Corse 
 Eiki 
 Figaro 
 Fukuoka 
 Gate Mace 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Gushizawa 
 Hashinoshima 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Hideki 
 Hiroyuki 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Igusa 
 Itsuki 
 Jean 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kawasaki 
 Key Mace 
 Key Mace #2 
 Kiyoto 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Lagoon 
 Liquid 
 Mimi 
 Mitchie 
 Morrison 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nino 
 Oda 
 Okita 
 Oscar 
 Peko 
 Robinson 
 Rossi 
 Roy 
 Salida 
 Seria 
 Shirase 
 Smith 
 Sugimoto 
 Sumetana 
 Tashiro 
 Ticera 
 Torino 
 Yusuke 
 Zape 
 Downloadable 
 Black Potan 
 Codarus 
 Dragunity Militum 
 Duelua 
 Dueluka 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 King Jyaku 
 Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther 
 Koa'ki Meiru Urnight 
 Neo Flamvell Origin 
 Reptilianne Naga 
 Ryusei 
 Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 The Fabled Peggulsus 
 Witch of the Black Rose 
 Worm Victory 
 World Champions 
 Kami 
 Peke-Hime 
 T T k 
 Free Duel 
 Princess Pikeru 
 Herald of Green Light 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Nanobreaker 
 Izanami 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Solar Flare Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 Koa'ki Meiru Valafar 
 Ally of Justice Decisive Armor 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord 
 Fabled Leviathan 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Lava Golem 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 The Dark Creator 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Darklord Desire 
 Avenging Knight Parshath 
 Flamvell Fiend 
 Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Trident Dragion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength 
 Repitilanne Vaskii 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Cyber Eltanin 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Supersonic Skull Flame 
 Explosive Magician 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 The Immortal Bushi 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Elemental Hero Absolute Zero 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Swap Frog 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Dragunity Knight - Gadearg 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Green Gadget 
 Naturia Beast 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei 
 Worm Zero 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Crusader of Endymion 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Gigaplant 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Man-Eater Bug / Worm Apocalypse 
 Needle Worm / Morphing Jar 
 Destroyersaurus / Jurrac Velo 
 Ojama Red / Ojama Blue 
 Battle Footballer / Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Emissary from Pandemonium / Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs / Stealth Bird 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World / Fabled Raven 
 Darklord Edeh Arae / Counselor Lily 
 Dragunity Phalanx / Cyberdark Dragon 
 Volcanic Shell / Flamvell Firedog 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes / Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Dark Paladin / Stardust Dragon 
 Phantom of Chaos / Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Manticore of Darkness / Enraged Battle Ox 
 White Night Dragon / Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 D.D. Survivor / Cyber Valley 
 Dandylion / Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Elemental Hero Stratos / Destiny Hero - Malicious 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyber Eltanin 
 Upstart Goblin / Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 Grinder Golem / Fires of Doomsday (character) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon / Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Mist Valley Soldier / Doomcaliber Knight 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi / Prime Material Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior / D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Phoenix Gearfried / Chthonian Emperor Dragon 
 Deep Sea Diva / Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Divine Grace - Northwemko / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Green Gadget 
 Necro Gardna / Shiny Black "C" 
 Genex Controller / Tragoedia 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord / Five-Headed Dragon 
 Mezuki / Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle / Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus  characters 
 Player ← WC10 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Andre 
 Barbara 
 Blister 
 Bolt 
 Brave 
 Breo 
 Carly 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Dexter 
 Dragan 
 Duel Bot 
 Elsworth 
 Ghost 
 Greiger 
 Hans 
 Harald 
 Hermann 
 Hunter 
 Jack 
 Jakob 
 Jean 
 Kalin 
 Larry 
 Lawton 
 Lazar 
 Lenny 
 Leo 
 Lester 
 Lug 
 Luna 
 Malcolm 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Nico 
 Nicolas 
 Owner 
 Primo 
 Radley 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Robot 
 Sergio 
 Sherry 
 Stephanie 
 Syd 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 West 
 Yusei 
 Game original 
 Alina 
 Alvaro 
 Angie 
 Bass 
 Bronson 
 Clint 
 Corse 
 Figaro 
 Fudagawa 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Graton 
 Hakamada 
 Hana 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Iranami 
 Jemma 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kazuhiro 
 Klaus 
 Kuroe 
 Kyono 
 Lagoon 
 Lilie 
 Masaki 
 Minegishi 
 Misaki 
 Morrison 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nelson 
 Noko 
 Oscar 
 Reimi 
 Richard 
 Rossi 
 Salida 
 Scotch 
 Seluga 
 Seria 
 Siegel 
 Sumetana 
 Toru 
 Virgil 
 Yagiura 
 Downloadable 
 Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine 
 Battle Fader 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Carly Carmen 
 Doomcaliber Knight 
 Duelua 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Jumbo Ushio 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 King Jyaku 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan 
 Lightning Tricorn 
 Marshmallon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel ∞ 
 Odin, Father of the Aesir 
 Phantom of Chaos 
 Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis 
 Ryusei 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 Steelswarm Moth 
 Supreme Arcanite Magician 
 Zoma the Spirit 
 World Champions 
 Yam 
 R a g n a r o k 
 EDUARD 
 Free Duel 
 Moja 
 Cherry Inmato 
 Hypnocorn 
 Naturia Cherries 
 Wattmole 
 Tiki Curse 
 Tender of the Laval Volcano 
 Gishki Erial 
 Genex Ally Axel 
 Gem-Knight Prism Aura 
 Thunder Unicorn 
 Wynnda, Priestess of Gusto 
 Masked Hero Vapor 
 King Tiger Wanghu 
 Wightmare 
 Amazoness Queen 
 Reptilianne Vaskii 
 Great Maju Garzett 
 Karakuri Steel Shogun mdl 00X "Bureido" 
 Needle Burrower 
 Magical Merchant 
 Legendary Jujitsu Master 
 Ronintoadin 
 Vylon Omega 
 Naturia Bamboo Shoot 
 Wattchimera 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Worm Illidan 
 Koa'ki Meiru Maximus 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Herald of Perfection 
 Flamvell Baby 
 Scrap Twin Dragon 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Steelswarm Caucastag 
 Deep Sea Diva 
 Master Hyperion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Thunder King Rai-Oh 
 Bountiful Artemis 
 Queen Angel of Roses 
 Meklord Emperor Granel ∞ 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 X-Saber Souza 
 Infernity Doom Dragon 
 Junk Destroyer 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon 
 Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Dragunity Arma Leyvaten 
 Elemental Hero The Shining 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Blackwing - Zephyrus the Elite 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En 
 Machina Fortress 
 Free Turbo Duel 
 The Little Swordsman of Aile 
 Dragon Manipulator 
 Steamroid 
 Psychic Commander 
 Naturia Dragonfly 
 Dokurorider 
 Mefist the Infernal General 
 Delta Tri 
 Vylon Sigma 
 Ally of Justice Searcher 
 Kasha 
 Destiny Hero - Dasher 
 Gaia Drake, the Universal Force 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Dragunity Knight - Gae Bulg 
 Formula Synchron 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Machina Fortress 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Creation Resonator ,  Barrier Resonator 
 Oshaleon ,  Majioshaleon 
 Gundari ,  Yaksha 
 Frozen Fitzgerald ,  Dark Diviner 
 Watapon ,  Spore 
 Masked Chopper ,  KA-2 Des Scissors 
 Angel O7 ,  Naturia Bamboo Shoot 
 Nurse Reficule the Fallen One ,  Fire Princess 
 Swift Scarecrow ,  Gallis the Star Beast 
 Terrorking Salmon ,  Terrorking Archfiend 
 Reptilianne Viper ,  Alien Kid 
 Formula Synchron ,  Shooting Star Dragon 
 Shien's Squire ,  Shien's Footsoldier 
 Harpie Girl ,  Amazoness Trainee 
 Demise, King of Armageddon ,  Evigishki Soul Ogre 
 Elemental Hero Prisma ,  Gem-Knight Emerald 
 Mist Valley Baby Roc ,  Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow 
 D.D. Scout Plane ,  D.D. Survivor 
 Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings ,  Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Moon Dragon Quilla ,  Sun Dragon Inti 
 Free Turbo Tag Duel 
 D.D. Trainer ,  Unicycular 
 Sonic Duck ,  Sonic Chick 
 Mad Sword Beast ,  Abare Ushioni 
 Gilasaurus ,  Super-Nimble Mega Hamster 
 The Legendary Fisherman ,  Shark Cruiser 
 Diskblade Rider ,  Chaosrider Gustaph 
 Stygian Sergeants ,  Stygian Street Patrol 
 Reaper on the Nightmare ,  Dark Blade the Dragon Knight 
 Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon ,  Blackwing - Zephyrus the Elite 
 Supply ,  Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer  characters 
 Player 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Andre 
 Armstrong 
 Blister 
 Blitz 
 Bolt 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly 
 Crow 
 Devack 
 Elsworth 
 Greiger 
 Hunter 
 Jack 
 Jakob 
 Jean 
 Kalin 
 Lawton 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Lester 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Nervin 
 Primo 
 Rally 
 Randsborg 
 Rathie 
 Rex 
 Roman 
 Sherry 
 Tank 
 Tenzen 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Game original 
 Ivan 
 Nathan 
 Odin 
 Surtr 
 Transcender 
 Zanny 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Crow_Hogan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160620134847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Crow_lineart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110822232240', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Yusei%2C_Crow_and_Jack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090414011902', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/5Dx115_Lady_and_the_Tramp.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100628231121', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Team_Satisfaction.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081121131644', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Crow_Dragon_Tail.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121126042315', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/Crow%27s_uniform.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20090701141730', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Blackbird_delivery.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090701152716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/06CrowYuseiFull.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100429134745', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/5Dx133_Jose_VS_Crow.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101027104635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/EcoledeZone-JP-Anime-5D-NC-2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101219014037', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/5Dx152_Crow.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110323115710', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Crow_manga_portal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/111?cb=20140613012111', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Crow_Hogan_%28ARC-V%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150524190945', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/BAM-Crow_Hogan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/170?cb=20130113083716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/CrowHogan-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/84?cb=20181030065124', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/CrowDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930141713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Crow-TF05.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20100923004322', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/Crow_With_Blackwings.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161025101612']
Categories: Characters, Crow Hogan pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters