Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lancers


 
 Lancers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese
 
 
 ランサーズ
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Ransāzu
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Lancers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
   French : Lanciers 
   Italian : Lancieri 
   Korean : 랜서즈 ( Laenseojeu ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lancers 
 
 
 
 Declan Akaba  (founder; leader) 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Celina  (inactive) 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Moon Shadow 
 Shay Obsidian 
 Dennis McField  (defected) 
 Riley Akaba  (inactive) 
 Kev Ravenwood  (inactive) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse 
 
 
 The  Lancers  (ランサーズ  Ransāzu ), short for  Lance Defence Soldiers  (ランス・ディフェンス・ソルジャーズ  Ransu Difensu Sorujāzu ) [1] , are an organization of  Duelists  affiliated with the  Standard Dimension  that were organized by  Declan Akaba  in order to fight against invaders from  other dimensions .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Past 
 1.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 1.3   Arc League Championship 
 1.4   Friendship Cup 
 1.5   Friendship Cup Finals 
 1.6   Heartland City 
 1.7   Duel Academy 
 
 
 2   Members 
 
 2.1   Former members 
 2.2   Senior Lancers Candidates 
 2.3   Former candidates 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Past 
 One night at  Leo Corporation , Declan asked  Yusho  to lead the Lancers and help him stop  Leo Akaba 's  ambition  after investigating the research his father left behind. However, Yusho never returned due to using Declan's  Interdimensional Travel Device  to get to  Duel Academy  in order talk to Leo. [2] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Declan used a database of Duelists called the  Lancers Selection  to narrow down his candidates for inclusion in the group. [3] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
         Former Lancer Candidates     
 The  Arc League Championship  then became a proving ground for the formation of the group. [4]  When the top eight Duelists in the tournament's Senior Division were determined, Declan inducted them into the Lancers. Knowing an attack from the  Fusion Dimension  was coming, Declan dispatched those eight Duelists to confront  Obelisk Force  when they arrived to capture Celina and interfere in the Battle Royal of the Junior Youth Division. [5]  Six members of Obelisk Force were confronted by these eight Duelists, led by  Kev Ravenwood . [6]  However, all of them were swiftly taken down except for Kev, who was saved by  Yugo . [7] 
 According to Declan, the current Lancers lack the strength to combat  Duel Academy . Since the discovery of  Pendulum Summon , Dueling evolved to a new era, which Declan dubs "Yuya Sakaki's generation". He plans for this new generation to master Pendulum Summon to combat the invaders more efficiently. [7] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 When the Battle Royal ended, Declan appeared before the survivors and explained his plan and the overall situation.  Yuya , who disagreed with Declan's means of dealing with the invaders, refused to join the Lancers and attempted to attack Declan. Declan suggested they settle it with a Duel instead. [8]  Declan won the Duel, and concluded that Yuya was too naive. He maintained his hopes for Yuya, however, and declared that the Lancers would soon travel across Dimensions. [9] 
 Later, Declan and  Henrietta  canceled the Arc League Championship to reveal the Lancers' existence to the world as well as their recent victory against the invaders. The Lancers were acclaimed as heroes by the world, and Declan declared that LID would switch all of its efforts to training Duelists to become potential Lancers. [1] 
 
         Lancers of "Yuya Sakaki's generation"     
 After Yuya's Duel with  his mother , he and  Gong  were called by  Leo Corporation . When they arrived, they saw the other Lancers gathered inside. Declan announced that they were having a new member,  Riley .  Sylvio  and  Shay  were both skeptical about Riley being be a threat to their plans, since he was a child and must always be protected. Declan responded that Riley's ability was almost "equivalent" to the Lancers. Then, after learning that  Zuzu  was in the  Synchro Dimension ,  Dennis  expressed surprise that she survived. Declan also announced that they were going to the Synchro Dimension to make an alliance with it, as that dimension was yet to be involved in the war. Declan said that the Lancers' Duel Disks were now modified to be able to travel between dimensions and activate Action Field Spell Cards and Action Cards, which were the strongest weapons. The Lancers then left the Standard Dimension with their " Dimensionizer " cards and traveled to the Synchro Dimension. [10] 
 Sometime before their departure to the Synchro Dimension, Declan created and distributed  Pendulum Monsters  to the Lancers that fitted their specific Decks. These were at least distributed to Dennis [11] , Celina [12] , and Gong [13]  who didn't own Deck-specific Pendulum cards before.
 Upon arriving at the Synchro Dimension the Lancers were split. Yuya, Celina, Sylvio, and Riley were ambushed and almost arrested by  Sector Security  because they mistook Yuya and Celina for Yugo and Zuzu, respectively. Celina and Sylvio immediately joined the duels Sector Security forced them into, despite Yuya's protests. Sylvio lost and was held in custody by the officers, while Celina won her Duel. In his Duel, Yuya indirectly tipped the Sector Security officers to the use of Action Cards, which frustrated Sylvio, who then clarified the mechanic to them. Before Yuya's Duel could continue,  Crow Hogan  and a group of Turbo Duelists rescued the Lancers from Sector Security's clutches. [14] 
 Gong and Dennis attempted to find the others until they ended up Dueling each other and were approached by  Lucas Swank . [15]  Lucas took them to an  Underground Dueling Arena  where they found Shay Dueling and subsequently defeating  Hunter Pace . Shay told his fellow Lancers that he was doing underground Duels so he could recruit more Lancers. Lucas was surprised that Shay knew both Dennis and Gong, so he decided to pair Shay and Dennis up for a Duel, as he had a good feeling about the latter. As Shay was the current champion, he was given a 1000 LP handicap, while Dennis was given the default 4000. Meanwhile, Celina grew impatient with Crow's lack of news about Zuzu and Yugo and left the hideout with Sylvio to search for them, ignoring Yuya's and Crow's warnings. [16] 
 On  Jean-Michel Roget 's orders, Shay, Dennis, Gong and everybody else in the Dueling Arena, except Lucas, were arrested mid-Duel. At that time, Sector Security had followed Sylvio and Celina back to Crow's hideout, where they sprang and arrested the Lancers and Crow, save for Riley, who was rescued by  Moon Shadow . [17] 
 After a few days at the  Facility  the Lancers, Crow's gang and their new ally  Chojiro Tokumatsu  attempted a prison break, but failed due to Roget's interference. However, the  High Council  intervened, agreeing with Declan to have the six Lancers and five Commons that were in custody, compete in the  Friendship Cup  to prove their skills and earn their trust. [18] 
 The first day of the tournament resulted with two losses and one victory for the Lancers. However Moon Shadow's loss was intentional, and the High Council decided to count Zuzu's victory as a point for the Lancers as she also comes from Standard Dimension, leaving the record as two wins and two losses. [19]  Moon Shadow's intentional loss was revealed to be to allow him out of the participants' penthouse and gather information for Declan, as his agility would effectively allow him to escape from the  Underground Labor Facility  at will and inform Declan. Information obtained this way included the rumors that Roget was from another world. The other defeated Lancers in the underground started a Dueling campaign for Lucas, their sole chance to get back to the surface. [20] 
 The second day featured Celina and Yuya defeating the Synchro Dimension residents  Tony Zomboni  and Roget's agent  Officer 227 , two wins in the Lancers' favor. Against their favor was Sylvio's loss to Yugo, which was followed by the disastrous Duel between Lancers Shay and Dennis, in which the latter's identity was revealed as a spy from Duel Academy, sent to keep an eye on Celina. [21]  These events left the Lancers one member less and increased Shay's wariness regarding his newfound allies. [11] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 After Dennis and Shay's Duel, Jean-Michel Roget besieged the High Council, overthrowing their authority by perfecting his control over Sector Security officers using  mind-controlling chips  implanted in them. The Lancers no longer had to prove themselves to the Council and became part of Roget's schemes in expanding his influence over New Domino City. [22]  Roget gained an interest in both Yuya and Celina. Celina would become an idol for the Tops and Commons alike [23] , while Yuya would serve the same role as  Sergey Volkov : defeating Jack Atlas and vesting a King that served Roget, a role Roget went on to force Yuya into the same way he did with Sergey. [24]  Sealing the Council away effectively sealed Declan and Riley, who were with the Council during the Cup, preventing Declan from exerting any leadership over the Lancers via Moon Shadow.
 When Roget's Sector Security officers were distracted watching the conclusion of Yugo and Celina's Duel, Declan seized the opportunity and challenged and defeated the Security officers holding him, Riley and the Council. [12]  Riley hurried to the Underground's entrance and saved Celina from Security. This infuriated Roget, who saw his schemes being destabilized and his hatred for the Lancers deepened. Right after Celina's rescue, Roget moved Yuya and Crow's semi-final duel ahead in order to distract everyone in the stadium to ensure no one else interferes with his plan. [25] 
 To ensure Yuya won his Duel and gained the attention of the crowd as well, Roget put a  chip  in Yuya's helmet to force his  awakening  during the Duel. This succeeded and awakened Yuya's  shared personality  with his  dimensional counterparts  making him fight Crow aggressively. [26]  During this Duel the Obelisk Force arrived in the Synchro Dimension. Crow managed to destroy Yuya's " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " but was still defeated in the process after  Sora  informed Crow of the situation. After coming to his senses and hearing of the Obelisk Force's arrival, Yuya headed into New Domino City. [27] 
 Meanwhile, Moon Shadow headed to the Underground Labor Facility to free the rest of the Lancers while Riley stayed behind to protect Celina, [27]  who eventually started to get overwhelmed by the seemingly unending waves of Obelisk Force soldiers coming for Celina. Yuya arrived to assist, but was intercepted by  Barrett . Moon Shadow managed to free the Lancers, inspiring the Commons to break out with them. As Yuya struggled against Barrett, Sora,  Yuri , more Obelisk Force soldiers and Yugo arrived in rapid succession. [28]  Yuya and his counterparts then entered a synchronized awakening caused by the  Four Dimension Dragons , only  breaking  when Zuzu arrived. Sergey arrived and, profiting from the occasion, defeated Barrett. Nevertheless, Barrett managed to take Celina back with him. Sergey then defeated Yuya himself and took Zuzu back to Roget. [29] 
 Moon Shadow and Sora left the former battlefield in the morning to try and save Zuzu from Sector Security. The other Lancers then watched Jack Atlas' ensuing Duel with Sergey Volkov from different locations in New Domino City. [30]  After Jack's victory,  Sam  approached Yuya and Gong with a message from Jack, prompting Yuya to head for the Duel Palace. In the meantime, Sylvio, Shay, Riley and Chojiro attempted to rescue the trapped Declan. Just as they attempted to, Declan arrived outside himself. Getting him out swiftly, they helped Yuya and Gong enter the Duel Palace, by flying in with Shay's " Raidraptors ". Sylvio threw  Melissa Trail 's microphone to Yuya, who used it to challenge Jack to a Duel. [31] 
 The Lancers, except for Moon Shadow, then proceeded to watch Yuya and Jack's ensuing Duel. [32]  When the riots in New Domino City became more intense and hateful, they headed into New Domino City to intervene, but by attempting to stop both parties rather than choosing a side. Gong and Sylvio moved towards the Commons, Shay headed towards Crow and Shinji's confrontation while Declan and Riley followed Sora and Moon Shadow's lead into the Sector Security building. [33]  When the clashing parties were united in pleasure watching the climax of Yuya and Jack's Duel, Gong and Sylvio took the lead cheering with the parties present. [34] 
 In the meantime, Declan found Moon Shadow in the Sector Security building, who had been defeated by Roget along with Sora. Declan followed Roget and was locked into a room with him. The other Lancers, along with Jack and Crow, rushed there after an alert sent out by Sora. [34]  The other Lancers and Sora eventually got inside, where Declan then set up a combo to block Roget's cheating ways. Following him while he escaped with Zuzu, Roget eventually broke down mentally and opened a wormhole. After getting sucked in himself and it also sucked in Zuzu sending her to an  unknown dimension . Yuya, Sylvio, Gong, and Shay tried rescue her but was pulled into the wormhole, sending them to the  Xyz Dimension 's  Heartland  while the others were left wondering what happened, dividing the Lancers further. [35] 
 
 Heartland City 
 In the Xyz Dimension, Shay immediately left the other three to check on  The Resistance , which seemed defeated. The other three met a surviving family. When threatened by three Duel Academy students hunting down survivors, the three demonstrated how fun Dueling could be with  Pendulum Summon  and " Smile World ", rather than the warfare Duel Academy showed them. While Gong stopped Sylvio from using their own Duel Disks to  seal  Duel Academy students into cards, the trio fled, but were instead "carded" by  Kite Tenjo . [36] 
 The trio wondered if Kite was a surviving member of The Resistance, but the latter was not prepared to talk with them before Dueling. Sylvio quickly challenged Kite, only to be followed by Gong who attempted to prevent them from attacking each other. Kite would not listen to Gong's attempted reasoning, however, declaring their  Action Duel ,  Action Card ,  Synchro  and Pendulum Summon made the three Lancers extradimensional invaders. Sylvio attempted to prevent Kite from summoning the dragon they had seen moments before, but eventually Kite was able to summon " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", which swiftly defeated the two. Kite then turned to Yuya for a Duel. [37]  When Yuya's attempts to make Kite smile through his Dueling failed, Yuto advised him to activate "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon's" effect, allowing him to summon " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". Kite recognizes the monster as  Yuto 's, finally noticing that he and Yuya look alike. At this time, Shay, accompanied by  Saya Sasayama  and  Allen Kozuki , come in, where he tells Kite that Yuya is his comrade. Kite is asked to rejoin the Resistance, but he refused and activates a spell card to blind everyone in the area and escaped. [38] 
 They returned to the Resistance's  new hideout  and learned that they nearly destroyed, Kite's family, after Yuto and Shay left for the  Standard Dimension . They also learned that Yusho Sakaki was in the  Xyz Dimension  but disappeared during the invasion. [39]  Yuya then went to the  Spade Branch  and discussed the unknown darkness with Yuto before confronting an  unknown Duelist  who's after Yusho. Yuya tried to get more info from the Duelist but Yuto possessed him and forced the Duel into a  DRAW . They did however, learned that the Duelist is the Commander-in-Chief of Duel Academy. [40] 
 Meanwhile, Shay tried to get Kite join them again but he still refuses and a Duel starts between them. During the Duel, Yuya returned to try to stop them and revealed to everyone that Yuto was inside of him. Shay tried to show Kite the value of comrades by using Action Cards, saying they represent his new comrades. However, when Shay's attack failed, Kite claimed that his comrades will fail too and defeats Shay. Before Kite could seal Shay away, he stopped after hearing Saya's plea and left. [41] 
 The Lancers were then caught up in another Duel against the  Tyler   sisters , who proceeded to defeat Allen, Saya [42] , Sylvio, and Gong. Yuya and Shay then took them on and managed to defeat them with Yuya's  Dueltaining . [43]  However, the Obelisk Force arrived and summoned their " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", to destroy a nearby building; Shay saved Saya from the ensuing shockwaves and collapsed. Before they could defeat Yuya, Kite arrived to save Yuya and defeated the Obelisk Force. However while checking on Shay, the Commander-in-Chief showed up with a squad of Duel Academy students and declared that he would defeat Yuya. [44] 
 Before the Lancers and Resistance could escape with an injured Shay, Yuya is  forced  into a Duel by the Commander-in-Chief who introduced himself as Aster Phoenix. Meanwhile, Deputy Commander  Mamoru Noro  sent in Aster's squad to finish off the Lancers and Resistance, but they were defeated by Kite's five "Cipher Dragon's". Both groups escape with Shay while Yuya Dueled Aster. [45] 
 Yuya continued to try and convince Aster to understand him through Dueling but he refused. Yuto told Yuya that his voice won't reach Aster since he only believes in Duel Academy's teachings. Yuya told Aster that his heart was wavering like  his pendulum  between Leo's and Yusho's philosophies, especially when told Aster that if Duel Academy smiled he would forgive them. Yuya proceeded to defeat Aster with " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and make him smile again, however they were surrounded by Duel Academy students called in by Mamoru. [46] 
 Before they were about to be attacked, Aster defended Yuya as he declared his treachery against the Professor and convinced the students, Gloria, and Grace to stand down and atone for their crimes. Although Mamoru refused until Kite and Allen returned with the Resistance. While most members of both groups were unsure to trust Aster, Kite felt his sincerity to help them and atone for his sin. When he decided to the same, Yuya and Yuto assured Kite that he showed the same bravery by admitting his own mistakes and enduring the pain of losing his family and friends. They then decided to go to the Fusion Dimension after Aster revealed there was a way to restore the people who had been  sealed into cards . However, Shay had to be left behind, being placed in a healing capsule until he recovered. The Lancers and Kite then went to Duel Academy's base in Heartland and used the  Interdimensional Travel Device . Upon arriving in the Fusion Dimension, they found Zuzu cornered by Duel Academy soldiers. [47] 
 When Yuya tried to approach Zuzu, he was knocked to the ground by  Iggy Arlo  who accepted Dennis' deal to come to the Fusion Dimension for revenge. Meanwhile Gong, Sylvio, and Zuzu were surrounded by Duel Academy soldiers while Kite chased after Dennis. Yuya accepted Iggy's challenge while trying to fix what he done to Iggy during the Arc League Championship. However, Iggy used the effects of his monsters to weaken Yuya's while strengthen his own. However, Yuya managed to turn the Duel around with the  Rollerboots  he received from Allen to grab action cards and defeat Iggy with " Acrobat Tower ". However, this time he was able to change Iggy. [48] 
 When Yuya, Zuzu, Gong, and Sylvio couldn't find a boat to catch up with Yusho, Celina appeared before them with help. [49]  She took them to a pirate ship owned by  Captain Cutter , who'll take them to Duel Academy. But during the sail, more Duel Academy soldiers arrived and Celina betrayed the Lancers by taking Zuzu hostage.The ship's crew tied up Sylvio and Gong, forcing Yuya to duel Cutter. Fortunately, the other Lancers (Declan, Riley and Moon Shadow, as well as new members Crow and Sora) arrived on a speedboat; they saved Yuya, Gong and Sylvio while Sora engaged Cutter for the rest of the duel. [50] 
 As the Lancers continued their journey to Duel Academy, Sora revealed what he knew about the Professor's plan with the four girls, which he called the  Arc Project . [51]  Yuya also told Declan that his father was heading to Duel Academy to convince the Professor and they were trying to go after him. Surprised, Declan would then reveal to everyone how he secretly went to Duel Academy three years ago and had asked Yusho for help after learning about his father's plan. However, Yusho used his Interdimensional Travel Device without telling anybody and disappeared. He also met Celina and after meeting Yuya and Zuzu three years later, a memory resurfaced from Leo's research:  Revival Zero . In it contained a file with two people, Celina and  Yuri , who resembled Yuya. He told Yuya that his theory about the  Four Dimensions  and four girls connected to the Arc Project was probably correct, and he deduced that Revival Zero was another part of Leo's plan and that Yuya was probably involved due to Yuri's involvement. Declan told the Lancers to believe in their friends' strength and fight to the very end. After arriving on the island, they prepared to climb the mountain to charge into the Professor's lab. [52] 
 After climbing up the mountain, they were surrounded by Duel Academy students before utilizing their plan to spilt two groups with Yuya, Gong, Sylvio, Crow, and Moon Shadow Dueling the students while Declan, Riley, and Sora continued towards the Professor. When the students retreated, the Lancers chased after them but had fallen into a trap and were captured in energy nets. They were then forced into a  Survival Duel  with five Duel Academy students that would only leave one man standing. While the Lancers argued about participating, Moon Shadow went ahead to provide reconnaissance. However, they heard a scream and ran to the location only to find  a Duel Academy student   carded  and  another student  in the bushes scared. Sylvio and Crow chased after him while Yuya and Gong were separated from them. Meanwhile, Moon Shadow Dueled an  eleventh Duelist  who attacked both groups alike and was outmatched. Before he was about to be defeated, Moon Shadow left a message on a tree for his comrades and was sealed into  a card . Yuya and Gong would hear Moon's scream and ran to his location only find him carded and his message revealing that there's an eleventh Duelist in the forest with them. Sylvio spotted someone staring at him from the bushes and screamed, alerting Crow who ran to his location. [53] 
 Yuya and Gong found  another student  carded and they hurried to find Sylvio and Crow fast due to the danger of staying separated. Sylvio ran away from his pursuer until falling off the Duel arena and landed on a cliff. He climbed back up while reuniting with Crow, who noticed someone was watching them until two more students,  Emma  and  Jacob , arrived. Thinking they were his pursuers, Sylvio and Crow challenged them to a Duel, but before he could take the first turn, someone intruded the Duel and Crow called out for that Duelist to revealed their self. Meanwhile, Shay arrived at the Fusion Dimension with Aster, and rescued Kite from falling off the prison tower where  Lulu  was being held captive. Kite revealed that Lulu herself pushed him off, forcing Shay to climb the tower and confront his sister. [54] 
 After the  two   students  were sealed into cards, Crow continued to call out for the Duelist to revealed themselves. While he and Sylvio ran, Crow realized they couldn't defeat the Duelist and had "Raikiri" attack Sylvio directly, damaging his Duel Disk in the process, to save him from being sealed into a card. After "Raikiri" was destroyed, Crow activated " Blackwing - Last Will " in an attempt to defeat the Duelist, but failed. However, he was able to reveal the Duelist's identity, Battle Beast. Yuya and Gong were able to find Sylvio and Crow due to Crow's trap, but were too late as he was sealed into a  card . After learning that the Battle Beast was responsible for sealing everyone into cards as well, Yuya and Gong challenged him to a Battle Royal Duel. However, they barely survived his subsequent attacks and blocked Yuya's moves to get an Action Card, forcing Gong to use  one . When Gong was defeated, he was about to be sealed into a card before Jack came speeding down an entrance on the  Phoenix Whirlwind  and flew into the Duel arena, surprising everyone present. [55] 
 Jack joined the Duel and brought out " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", pushing Battle Beast into a corner which caused  Sanders  to join as well. During the Duel, Yuya was shocked that the Professor wants him eliminated specifically and was part of their plan. While lost in thought, Yuya barely noticed " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor 's" attack and  dodged  it, with Jack telling him to express his feelings in a Duel. However, they were surprised when Battle Beast used the effect of "Tamer Editor" to destroy itself [56] , taking Sanders out of the Duel. They then took on Battle Beast's " Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort " which Jack wiped out with " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " along with Yuya's monsters. When " Gladiator Beast Great Fortress " was brought out, Yuya was able to counter all of Battle Beast's monsters in it and defeat him. He then went on ahead with a student's help while Jack and Sylvio helped Gong. Meanwhile, Declan, Riley, and Sora caught up with Yusho and Alexis but were confronted by Yuri. [57]  When Alexis and Sora trapped Yuri, Declan, Riley, and Yusho continued on to see the Professor. However, Alexis was defeated and  carded  by Yuri, who then challenged Sora. [58] 
 Yuya was lured into a room where Lulu challenged him. Shay arrived to tell Yuya about the  parasites  controlling Lulu but was electrocuted by Celina, who joined the duel on Lulu's side. After hearing that Celina and Zuzu were also controlled by the parasites, Yuya began to awaken; however, Yuto took over for Yuya and continued the duel. [59]  Yuto went neck and neck with Celina to destroy her  Parasite  monsters until she countered each of his attacks. Before switching for Yuya, he managed to destroy all of Celina and Lulu's monsters and deal them damage.  The Doktor  then revealed the brainwashed Zuzu beside him, causing Yuya and Yuto to awaken and defeat Celina and Lulu with " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon ". Yuya ran after them and confronted the Doktor, who proceeded to trap him in a cage. Meanwhile, Sora was defeated by Yuri, who attempted to seal him into a card but Yugo and Aster arrived to intervene.  Declan, Riley, and Yusho were taken to the Professor by his students while Yuya watched them confront him on a monitor. [60] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Yusho questioned Leo's objective while reminding him how they worked together to bring Dueling to a new era and still appreciate their encounter. But, everyone was surprised that the  ARC System  came from the  Original Dimension  and how Leo brought  Duel Monsters  to life with it. They also learned how  a Duelist , who stood at the top of the Dueling world, attacked everyone with his  four dragons  and  fused  with them into one monstrous dragon. Meanwhile, Yuya, surprised about his father's past and Z-ARC, entered a synchronized awakening with his counterparts and destroyed the cage, which knocked out Kite and Aster who just arrived. [61] 
 Yuya arrived at the Professor's inner chambers and reunited with his father, who was told by Leo that Yuya isn't his son. They then saw Zuzu, Celina, Lulu, and  Rin  in capsules behind Leo and watched him  card  the Doktor. Everyone in the chambers learned how Leo's daughter,  Ray Akaba  defeated Z-ARC by using  four cards  to split him and his dragons apart at the cost of herself and the Original Dimension, which became the Four Dimensions. They were shocked when Leo revealed that Zuzu, and her counterparts were reincarnations of Ray due to her splitting apart and planned to reunite them with  ARC-V . They even learned that Yuya and his counterparts were Z-ARC's reincarnations and Leo want to destroy them due to them carrying his soul. However, Yuya and Declan refused let any of this happen and challenged Leo to a Duel. [62] 
 They brought out their best monsters and  sealed  Leo's  Extra Deck , but were surprised when he used  Pendulum . When Leo tried convince Declan to join him, he refused and believed in Yuya. However, when ARC-V started powering up around the girls' capsules, Yuya (and Yuto) awakened and pushed Leo into a corner. While watching the Duel, Yusho thought about Z-ARC and discovered that Z-ARC sent Yuya to him in order to raise as a Duelist and encourage his awakening. [63]  But, Leo countered and pushed Declan into a corner while Yuya managed to hold his own under Z-ARC's influence. Declan, Zuzu, Celina, Rin, and Lulu believed in him and Yuto break free from Z-ARC but when Leo increased ARC-V's energy input, they brought out "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon". Using the effects of "Raging Dragon" Yuya was close to defeating Leo (and Declan) but Yusho stopped him with " Binding Swords of Impact ", causing the Duel to be terminated due to the card being illegal. He then handed Riley, who passed out during the Duel, to Declan and went off to prevent Z-ARC's revival. [64] 
 Riley challenged Declan to a Duel in order to help Ray after claiming to have heard her voice. Declan sealed away most of Riley's tactics but was surprised at how Riley continued to push off. With Ray by her side, Riley managed to turn the Duel her way and brought out a  monster  Declan never saw before. As Riley destroyed his monsters one by one, Declan wondered where he went wrong. Declan eventually defeated Riley, who revealed that Z-ARC's revival was drawing closer.
 At around the same time, Yuri had defeated and absorbed Yugo, and set his sights on Yuya but was challenged by Yusho. Declan and Riley had no choice but to watch their duel. Declan tried to interfere when Yusho was in trouble, but Yusho refused his help. Yuri defeated Yusho and sealed him in a card, causing Yuya to enter an advanced stage of awakening that enabled him to break free from the swords. [65] 
 Yuya challenged Yuri to a Duel to get Yusho's card back but had to hold back Z-ARC from taking over. However, as Yuri brought "Starving Venom" and "Clear Wing", Yuya would experience pain from them and was scared to use "Odd-Eyes" or "Dark Rebellion". But, with help from Yuto and "Smile World", he would use his dragons only to  lose  "Dark Rebellion" to Yuri. [66]  He was even close to giving in to becoming one when Yuri, Yugo, and Yuto (under the darkness) would keep telling him to become one. But with help from Declan, Yuya managed to keep his sanity until he was forced into a corner and had to give up "Smile World", breaking his spirit. With encouragement from Declan, Riley, Sora, and Aster, Yuya's motivation came back and he defeated Yuri. But after Declan told Yuya to focus only on winning, Z-ARC was able to take control of him and summoned "Astrograph Sorcerer" to fuse his counterparts and dragons back into Supreme King Z-ARC. [67] 
 Z-ARC began his rampage and was challenged by the  Lancers and their allies . Each one attempted to reach out to Yuya, but one by one, they were quickly defeated. After Sora, Shay, Gong and Sylvio, along with respective allies Aster, Kite, Jack and the recently-freed Crow, all tried and failed, the Akaba family themselves confronted Z-ARC; first Leo, then Declan, and finally Ray (having possessed the body of Riley). Zuzu, whose spirit was also within Riley, called out to Yuya and he managed to suppress Z-ARC for long enough to allow Riley to make the move that defeated Z-ARC. At that moment, the dimensions began to split again, but in order to prevent Z-ARC from splitting, Riley ejected Ray's soul from her body, removed Z-ARC's soul from Yuya's body, and sealed it within her own body to prevent his revival again.
 After the Interdimensional War ended, people from across the dimensions lost memory of it, apart from Declan and his mother  Henrietta , who knew that Riley was reborn, becoming a baby again as a consequence of using the  Natural Energy Cards . Declan arranged an invitational Battle Royal to take place at the Paradise Stadium, with the contestants being Yuya, Sylvio, Gong and Moon Shadow. This made Yuya remember that he was a Lancer. During the Battle Royal, Gong helped defeat Sylvio and Moon Shadow, allowing Yuya to focus on defeating him. Yuya did defeat Gong; as a result, Declan assigned him the task of finding the other remaining Lancers to defeat, by going through the wormholes to other dimensions. Yuya defeated Dennis at the Xyz Dimension, and Shay at the Fusion Dimension, thus being promoted to the Senior Division where Declan would eventually be Yuya's opponent in the latter's test to join the professional ranks.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Member
 
 Status
 
 Notes
 
 Original Dimension
 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Active
 
 Founder, Affiliated with  LID .
 
 Standard/Pendulum 
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Active
 
 Student of  You Show Duel School . Taken over by  Z-ARC , but later regained control.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Celina 
 
 Inactive
 
 Student of  Duel Academy . Absorbed into  ARC-V  and later merged into Zuzu.
 
 Fusion 
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Active
 
 Student of  Strong Dojo 
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 Active
 
 Student of LID
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Moon Shadow 
 
 Active
 
 Student of  Fuma Clan Duel School . Sealed into a  card  by  Battle Beast , but later freed.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 Active
 
 Member of  The Resistance 
 
 Xyz 
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 
 Inactive
 
 Student of LID. Reborn as a baby after defeating Z-ARC.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 Active
 
 Recruited after the events of  Synchro Dimension . Resident of  New Domino City . Sealed into a  card  by Battle Beast, but later freed.
 
 Synchro 
 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Active
 
 Recruited after the events of  Synchro Dimension . Student of Duel Academy and You Show Duel School.
 
 Fusion
 
 Former members 
 
 
 Member
 
 Status
 
 Notes
 
 Original Dimension
 
 
 Dennis McField 
 
 Active
 
 Student of LID. Double agent for Duel Academy. Sealed himself into a card, but later freed.
 
 Fusion
 
 Senior Lancers Candidates 
 
 
 Member
 
 Status
 
 Notes
 
 Original Dimension
 
 
 Kev Ravenwood 
 
 Inactive
 
 Student of LID. Defeated, but not sealed into a card.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 7 unnamed "Senior" class Duelists
 
 Inactive
 
 Sealed into cards by  Obelisk Force , but later freed.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 Former candidates 
 
 
 Member
 
 Status
 
 Notes
 
 Original Dimension
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Active
 
 Student of You Show Duel School. Absorbed into ARC-V, but later revived.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Sun Shadow 
 
 Active
 
 Student of Fuma Clan Duel School. Sealed into a  card  by  Sora , but later freed.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 
 Active
 
 Founder of  You Show Duel School   branches . Sealed into a  card  by  Yuri , but later freed.
 
 Standard/Pendulum
 
 Trivia 
 In the Japanese version, the Lancers' true meaning,  L ance  D efence  S oldiers is a play on the letters LDS for  Leo Duel School . [1] 
 Two of the current Lancers, Celina and Sylvio, were not originally participants in the Battle Royal, but were made Lancers for successfully fending off the Obelisk Force; presumably taking the positions originally intended for Zuzu and Sun Shadow, due to the former warping to the Synchro Dimension with Yugo, and the latter having been defeated by Sora.
 Additionally, Dennis was accepted into the group despite not helping to fend off the Obelisk Force during the Battle Royal. However, he was shown Dueling Celina, who at the time was still affiliated with Duel Academy which may have contributed to his inclusion. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 51: " Kings vs. Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 85: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 66: " Crow's Crew " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 76: " Plans of Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 84: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 83: " A Matter of Trust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 86: " Against All Odds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑  27.0   27.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 92: " Tragic Reunion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑  34.0   34.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 100: " A Warlike Welcome " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 101: " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 111: " Last Laugh " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 114: " All Duel Hands on Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 123: " 123 Fusion Destruction " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 124: " Paraside Seeing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 128: " What Lurks Beneath " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 129: " A Duel Within " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 133: " A Father's Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 134: " Relentless " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Lance_Defense_Soldiers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150419225928', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Top_8_Youth_Class_LDS_Duelists.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150201183929', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/New_Generation_Lancers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/600?cb=20150423183932']
Categories: Organizations