Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Pegasus%27_diary

      Pegasus' diary.     
 Pegasus' diary  was a book in the  anime ,  Maximillion Pegasus  wrote explaining why he created  Duel Monsters . He left it in for the winner of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament to read. In the manga, the diary did not exist and Pegasus told everything in it directly to  Yugi Muto .
 
 Contents 
 The beginning of the diary addresses the new King of Duelists. (In the English version, it addresses  Cecelia .)
 It explains that Cecelia was Pegasus' lover, who died when she was 17. The two had met at a party in Las Vegas, held by Pegasus' father 14 years prior to when the diary was written. They were attracted to each other, and told each other their dreams; Pegasus' being that he wanted to be a painter and travel the world. The two vowed to always be together. However tragedy struck and Cecelia died of an illness. (In the English version, it also says that Pegasus and Cecelia got married and the day that Cecelia agreed to marry him was the happiest day of his life.)
 Pegasus wrote that he went to Egypt to study reincarnation in the hope of seeing Cecelia again. (In the English version, he said he was determined to search the Earth for a way to reach her beyond the mortal veil and his travels led him to Egypt.) Here he met  Shadi , who knew what Pegasus was going through, but told him to leave. Despite that, Pegasus followed him to an underground cavern. The guards spotted him and took him to Shadi, who was revealed to be the guardian of the  Millennium Items . Shadi explained that the only way to leave the crypt is to be chosen by a Millennium Item, and so Shadi inserted the  Millennium Eye  into Pegasus' left eye socket. He explained it would either choose him and give him his wish or punish him for being unworthy. The eye chose Pegasus, and for a brief moment he was reunited with a vision of Cecelia. However, seeing her was not the same as touching her, but Pegasus was inspired to find a way to hold her again.
 In the English dub, Teá went on to explain that later in the book, Pegasus plans to find a way to combine  KaibaCorp 's virtual technology with the magic of the Millennium Items, which would resurrect Cecelia completely.
 
 Events 
 After the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament,  Yugi Muto  inquired about the souls of  Grandpa ,  Mokuba Kaiba  and  Seto Kaiba , who Pegasus had promised to free. However Pegasus was unavailable to talk having been attacked by  Yami Bakura . Yugi,  Joey Wheeler ,  Téa Gardner ,  Tristan Taylor  and  Bakura Ryou  then went to the sanctuary in  Pegasus Castle , where they found the diary and the " Cecelia Pegasus " card inside it.
 The diary was written in English, whereas Yugi and his friends were Japanese. However Téa was able to translate it. (This detail is omitted in the English version, as the characters are always shown speaking English.) They empathized a bit with Pegasus after reading it.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 40: " Aftermath " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/DMx040_Pegasus%27_diary.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110601155031']
Categories: Books