Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sphinx


 
 sphinx 
 スフィンクス  ( Sufinkusu ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Andro Sphinx " and " Sphinx Teleia ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 sphinx 
 
 
 German 
 sphinx 
 
 
 Italian 
 sfinge 
 
 
 Korean 
 스핑크스   Seupingkeuseu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 esfinge 
 
 
 Spanish 
 esfinge 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Pharaonic Guardian The Lost Millennium Structure Deck - Invincible Fortress Legacy of the Valiant The Dark Illusion Lightning Overdrive 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Exclusive Pack Dark Beginning 2 Master Collection Volume 2 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Retro Pack 2 Battle Pack: Epic Dawn 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack 7 Expert Edition Volume 3 Tournament Pack 2007 Vol.2 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " sphinx " (スフィンクス  Sufinkusu ) is an  archetype  of  Beast  and  Rock   monsters . The Beast monsters were used by  Anubis  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light .
 
 Beasts 
 The first group consists of  LIGHT   Beast  monsters. These are " Andro Sphinx ", " Sphinx Teleia " and " Theinen the Great Sphinx ". They were released in an  Exclusive Pack  after the release of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light .
 " Pyramid of Light " allows "Andro" and "Teleia" to be Special Summoned at a  cost  of 500  LP  each, creating strong beat-sticks for no Tribute. While they can't attack the turn they are Summoned, they are strong enough to weather most attacks and survive until they can. Their effects allow them to inflict additional damage as well as that incurred by their sizable ATK points. These monsters cannot be  Special Summoned  from the  Graveyard , so you will need to stop them from getting  destroyed  by your opponent's card effect (for instance by using the effect of " Stardust Dragon ") or, if they are destroyed, return them to your hand using " Monster Reincarnation ". You can also  Normal Summon  these two monsters, so "Pyramid of Light" is not essential.
 The reliance that these monsters have on "Pyramid of Light" can be a disadvantage: it can be easily destroyed, especially with cards like " Mystical Space Typhoon " or " Nobleman of Extermination ", which can banish all three copies at once. However, even if cards like " Jinzo " or " Royal Decree "  negate  "Pyramid of Light", "Andro" and "Teleia" can still be Special Summoned because they do so through their own effects.
 "Theinen", the trump card, can be Summoned only by  paying  500 Life Points when "Andro" and "Teleia" are destroyed at the same time, making him a useful backup if your opponent destroys your monsters with " Dark Hole " or destroys the "Pyramid of Light" should it be on the field. His effect allows its ATK to be boosted to by 3000 points during the turn it is Summoned. While this boosted ATK is not enough to OTK the opponent, it is enough to either destroy most powerful monsters or wipe out most of the opponent's Life Points. It is, however, a  dead draw , so cards that bring out "Andro", "Teleia" and the "Pyramid of Light" are helpful.
 The effects of "Andro" and "Teleia" make them very powerful in offense. Not only do they have very high ATK points, but they inflict either half of a destroyed monster's DEF or ATK as additional damage. This is especially useful when they are used to destroy Defense Position monsters when no damage would normally be inflicted. The effect of "Theinen" allows either an greatly improved offense or an impenetrable defense (if it is Summoned during your opponent's turn).
 While the combined powers of "Andro" and "Teleia" are greater than that of "Theinen" - the two monsters are able to inflict much more damage together than "Theinen" can in most cases. "Theinen" is a useful tool to call upon should your opponent have an extremely high-powered monster (like " Malefic Rainbow Dragon ") which the other "sphinx" cards cannot destroy. The boosted ATK of "Theinen" is enough to destroy almost all monsters in the game, and as it can be Summoned from the Deck, as it does not have to be in the hand for you to use this option. This means it can be advisable to sacrifice the power of "Andro" and "Teleia" by destroying them yourself, either with "Dark Hole" or by destroying your own "Pyramid of Light" in order to bring out "Theinen" from the Deck.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Andro Sphinx 
 Sphinx Teleia 
 Theinen the Great Sphinx 
 A Cat of Ill Omen 
 Honest 
 Infernal Dragon 
 (Any generic Level 4 or lower DARK Dragon-Type monster)
 
 The Light - Hex-Sealed Fusion Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Invoked Mechaba 
 Phantasm Emperor Trilojig 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Skypalace Gangaridai 
 Superdimensional Robot Galaxy Destroyer 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Fusion Substitute / Polymerization 
 Luminous Spark 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Terraforming 
 Traps 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Horn of the Phantom Beast 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Rocks 
 The second group consists of  EARTH   Rock  monsters. These include " Hieracosphinx ", " Criosphinx " and " Guardian Sphinx ".
 They mainly enhance  Deck  which use the  "Once per turn, you can  flip  this card into  face-down   Defense Position "  effect. Though it has to be  Tribute Summoned , "Hieracosphinx" prevents your face-down monsters from being attacked. "Criosphinx" forces your opponent to  discard  card(s) from his/her hand after the same number of monster(s) on his/her side of the field return to his/her hand. Therefore "Criosphinx" and "Guardian Sphinx" form a combination which can prevent your opponent from viably Summoning anything.
 " Exxod, Master of The Guard " is not a "sphinx", but can only be Special Summoned by Tributing a "sphinx". "Exxod" combined with "Hierarcosphinx" makes a lethal force; every time an EARTH monster is  Flip Summoned , "Exxod" inflicts 1000 points of direct damage to your opponents Life Points. With "Hierarcosphinx" on the field, your face-down cards cannot be attacked. The cards except "Hieracosphinx" are especially vulnerable to " Gaap the Divine Soldier " and " Final Attack Orders ".
 Also, " Dark Simorgh " and " Light of Intervention " can kill the effects of "Guardian Sphinx" and "Exxod" because a player will be unable to  Set  their monsters face-down, therefore monsters cannot be Flip Summoned.
 " Clear World " seems like a good addition to this Deck, since cards in this Deck have the effect of being flipped face down, and face down cards cannot be targeted by "Clear World". However, the effect of "Clear World" for EARTH monsters destroys a face-up Defense Position monster you control during your Standby Phase. Your opponent can take advantage of this, and attack your face down monsters, even if they know they cannot destroy them, because "Clear World" will.
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Lapis 
 Effect Monsters 
 Criosphinx 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Hieracosphinx 
 Block Dragon 
 Block Golem 
 Des Lacooda 
 Exxod, Master of The Guard 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Giant Rat 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 Golem Sentry 
 Grandsoil the Elemental Lord 
 Great Spirit 
 Medusa Worm 
 Moai Interceptor Cannons 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Dark Gaia 
 Gem-Knight Zirconia 
 Invoked Magellanica 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Soul of Silvermountain Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attack the Moon! 
 Canyon 
 Creature Swap 
 Dark Fusion / Dark Calling 
 Gaia Power 
 Polymerization 
 Second Coin Toss 
 Shrink 
 Terraforming 
 Unity 
 Traps 
 Battle Mania 
 D2 Shield 
 Fairy Box 
 Ghost of a Grudge 
 Ghosts From the Past 
 Gozen Match 
 Metamorphortress 
 Ordeal of a Traveler 
 Release from Stone 
 Triamid Pulse 
   
" sphinx " 「スフィンクス」 Members 
 Andro Sphinx Chronomaly Winged Sphinx Criosphinx Guardian Sphinx Hieracosphinx Pharaonic Guardian Sphinx Sphinx Teleia Theinen the Great Sphinx Triamid Sphinx 
 Dimension Sphinx 
 Support 
 Exxod, Master of The Guard 
 Related 
 Pyramid of Light 
 
 v e 
 sphinx  スフィンクス a   Members 
 Andro Sphinx Chronomaly Winged Sphinx Dimension Sphinx Guardian Sphinx Sphinx Teleia Theinen the Great Sphinx 
 Related 
 Pyramid of Light 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/Sphinx.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120901144357']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes