Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Yuya_Sakaki.png


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 001 
 
 
 
 
 The first  Pendulum Summon  is performed. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 光 の 軌跡 、ペンデュラム 召喚 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hikari no Kiseki, Pendyuramu Shōkan 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Miracle of Light, Pendulum Summon 
 
 
 English 
 Swing Into Action: Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 001 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 6, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 July 24, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 April 13, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 March 12, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Director 
 Katsumi Ono 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Katsumi Ono 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidekazu Ebina 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 "N/A" 
 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 ", known as " The Trail of Light, Pendulum Summon! " in the Japanese version, is the first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 6, 2014, and in Canada on July 24, 2015. Nicktoons premiered on February 21, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 Yuya Sakaki  is an eighth grader who aims to become a " Dueltainer ". At  You Show Duel School , he practices  Dueling  every day alongside his childhood friend,  Zuzu . One day, he receives a written invitation for an exhibition match from the Pro Duelist, " the Sledgehammer ". In the middle of a giant cheer, Yuya and the Sledgehammer begin their Duel! Although Yuya excitedly fends off the Sledgehammer's attacks in their  Action Duel , he's eventually pushed into a corner. At that moment, a dazzling light shines from  Yuya's pendant !
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Gong Strong 
 2.2   Yuya Sakaki vs. The Sledgehammer 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Cast 
 6   References 
 
 
 Summary 
       Yuya  makes light of the  Solid Vision  failing.     
 Yuya Sakaki  and his friend,  Gong Strong , are having a  Duel  with each other. Gong  controls  " Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler " and " Superheavy Samurai Swordsman " and has 2600  LP  remaining. On the fourth  turn  of the Duel, Gong  Tributes  his two  monsters  to  Tribute Summon  " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ". Gong yells at Yuya to Duel him with a one-on-one match. Behind a nearby pagoda, Yuya exclaims, "Ladies and gentlemen!" ("It's showtime! Ladies, gentlemen...and Gong" in the dub) and leaps up while riding on " Performapal Hip Hippo ". He activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Hippo Carnival ". Gong is stunned as the " Hippo Tokens " are  Special Summoned  and start dancing. Elsewhere,  Zuzu Boyle  is watching the Duel from a computer screen, and yells at Yuya to play seriously. In her anger, Zuzu accidentally pounds the keyboard, causing it to malfunction. She panics and the machine starts to explode. Zuzu's father,  Skip , rushes into the room and asks what's happening. Zuzu apologizes and Skip exclaims that if the machine breaks, the  Solid Vision  would malfunction (in the dub, Skip scolds Zuzu for not taking good care of the Solid Vision machine because it needs extra care to function). As the machine explodes, Yuya dances and says that Entertainment Dueling is the specialty of  You Show Duel School . Suddenly, the Solid Vision disappears and he falls to the ground. The  blue-haired boy  watching the Duel is concerned, but fortunately, Yuya manages to make a quick recovery and pull off a funny face (in the dub, Zuzu also demands Yuya for what he has to say about himself; upon seeing him making the face, she disdainfully mutters, "Figures...").
 The origins of  Action Duels  are explained. It was born when the generation of matter was integrated into Solid Vision. Duelists, their monsters and the field would become one, causing the crowd to go wild (all of this is cut in the dub, as it is part of the original Japanese opening).
 Back at school, Skip is upset and exclaims that if his hot-blooded coaching and the Solid Vision are ruined, students will leave. He panics further and adds that the school will be over (in the dub, Skip wishes there were times like this he was a principal at a cooking school instead of a Dueling one). Yuya, placing his goggles over his eyes, is frustrated because he wanted to make the audience laugh even more, but he didn't get the chance because Zuzu broke the machine. Zuzu retorts that this was because Yuya was goofing off (in the dub, Zuzu also complains that Yuya's Dueling distracted her). She swats at him, but Yuya dodges and bumps into Gong. An unamused Gong says "this boy" was not laughing (in the dub, Gong asks Yuya why he has to turn everything into a joke). Yuya removes his goggles and lightheartedly says that he was cracking up (in the dub, Yuya replies that there's nothing wrong with his Dueling style, as long as the audience is laughing). Still angered, Gong tells Yuya that there is a difference between someone laughing at you and someone laughing with you. He reminds Yuya that his father,  Yusho Sakaki , always made other people smile with his Dueling. Gong also asks Yuya if he had forgotten the smiles that stirred within the hearts of Yusho's audience (in the dub, Gong chides Yuya for making his Duels embarrassing). Yuya replies that the audience laughed at his father in the end. Zuzu and Gong yell at Yuya, still angry at him.
 
       The Sledgehammer  in an advertisement for the  Leo Institute of Dueling .     
 The door opens and a man wearing a suit and shades comes in. He says there is something amiss in here (in the dub, he apologizes for intruding). Skip asks who the man is. The man introduces himself as  Nico Smiley , the manager and promoter of the current Action Dueling Champion,  the Sledgehammer . Yuya reacts to the name in shock. He recalls an advertisement of the Sledgehammer urging others to brush up their skills at the  Leo Institute of Dueling  as several cards surround him (all of the cards shown in the advertisement are digitally removed in the dub). If one wanted to go pro, the Sledgehammer would be waiting for them at LID, managed by the  Leo Corporation . Nico explains that the Sledgehammer is the poster Duelist at LID and that he would like to invite Yuya to join him on Fan Appreciation Day. Stunned, Yuya asks if Nico wanted him to join the Sledgehammer. Nico confirms it (in the dub, he also jokes that he's not letting Yuya Duel the Sledgehammer's grandmother), adding that Yuya can fulfill his dream from three years ago.
 
       Zuzu  smacks her  father .     
 Yuya begins to hesitate as he recalls a memory of the final Duel between his father and the Sledgehammer. The announcer asks what is going on and where the current champion, Yusho, is. The Sledgehammer questions if Yusho got cold feet. The crowd is angry, thinking that Yusho ran away because he was afraid to lose. They continue their jeers, calling Yusho a coward and a weakling (in the dub, the Sledgehammer outright says that Yusho chickened out, and the crowd took his word for it and booed). A young Yuya runs to the bottom of the stands and yells that his father will show up. Until then, Yuya will Duel in his father's place. His mother,  Yoko Sakaki , pulls Yuya from the stands as he continues to protest. Back in the present, Nico says the preparations are complete as he shows the group a poster of The Sledgehammer (in the dub, Nico says Yuya is old enough to fulfill his dream and decides to promote Yuya's Duel against the Sledgehammer as "the Duel of the Decade"). Yuya gulps in nervousness and Skip says he won't let Yuya compete. Frantic, Nico asks why, because Yusho's fans would love it if his son showed up (in the dub, Nico adds that You Show will also get free publicity). Skip yells that he will not let Nico use Yuya as their show pony (in the dub, Skip refuses to let Yuya to be humiliated). Yuya is still upset and Skip asks Nico about how Yuya felt for all these years. He orders Nico to leave. Nico calls this unfortunate and says that as a thank you for their cooperation, Leo Corporation would give You Show Duel School the newest Solid Vision technology for free (in the dub, a closeup of Nico making other gestures when he says "free" is replaced). Skip is excited at the offer, but Zuzu smacks him on the head with a paper fan. She chides her father for going against his word of not letting Yuya be a show pony. Skip begins to protest, but Zuzu says that the school is important (in the dub, Skip argues he accepted the deal for the sake of You Show, but Zuzu reminds him about Yuya's sake); Gong continues that what is important is how Yuya feels. After he finishes the statement, Gong discovers that Yuya disappeared. Zuzu wonders where he went off to (in the dub, Zuzu says that Yuya ran off and Nico says "Just like his old man").
 
         Yuya's father  explains the pendulum.     
 Elsewhere in  Paradise City , Yuya sits on a bridge railing. He gazes into  his pendant  while wearing his goggles. He recalls another memory of his childhood, when he was sitting by himself, sobbing. A hand removes Yuya's goggles, causing his tears to flow out. Yuya rubs his eyes and his father, Yusho sits next to him. Yusho encourages his son to laugh the biggest laugh he can muster whenever he felt like crying. Yuya will start to have fun once he starts laughing, and that it will become the energy he will use to keep going. Yusho removes the pendant Yuya is wearing and compares the advice to a pendulum: The more you push, the more it comes back. The same principle can be applied to Dueling. Yuya repeats, "Dueling" and Yusho continues that Yuya can't do anything while he's frozen in fear. He adds that Yuya must step forward and have courage if he wanted to win and to push forward with courage, causing happiness to swing back at him (in the dub, Yusho also encourages Yuya to believe in his Deck and in himself; if Yuya is falling behind, he can find a way to get back ahead again). Yusho says the pendulum can be used for discovery as well. When Yuya is lost, the pendulum can show him where he can go. In the present, Yuya thinks, "swing, pendulum, more and more", as the pendant continues swinging back and forth (in the dub, Yuya mentally admits his father was right; he can keep going if he believes in himself). Zuzu, Gong and Skip arrive at the Dueling arena. Nico announces the main event: The Sledgehammer, the Action Duel Champion, will Duel against the only son of Yusho Sakaki, the Star Champion, Yuya Sakaki. Zuzu mutters Yuya's name. Gong asks if Yuya will really go against the Sledgehammer (in the dub, Zuzu asks if Yuya will show up, while Gong knows that Yuya will). An excited Skip exclaims that he can smell the brand-new Solid Vision technology, only for his daughter to smack him on the head with her paper fan again.
 Nico continues that the Duel will be conducted using the Action Duel rules. A card appears in his hand and he throws it into the sky, activating the  Field Spell Card , " Castle of Chaos ". Underground, the Solid Vision machine releases several light beams, causing a castle to appear above ground. Nico marvels at the sight, noting that the Solid Vision castle can be easily mistaken for the real thing (in the dub, he adds that it's also for things like imprisoning your grandmother). He introduces the Sledgehammer, who is on top of the castle, as the Ultimate King of Action Dueling for three years. The Sledgehammer yells out a battle cry as the crowd cheers. Nico introduces the "young challenger to the Ultimate King", Yuya Sakaki. Skip cheers, but stops short when he realizes that Yuya is not showing up. Nico himself is stunned as well. A man in the audience asks if Yuya ran away, while another says he did it just like his father three years ago. A third man notes that Yuya is a coward, "like father, like son". Zuzu tells them to hold on a minute (in the dub, Zuzu is offended by what was said about Yuya), but Gong and Skip stop her.
 
         Yuya  greets  the Sledgehammer .     
 The Sledgehammer is disappointed because he thought that Yusho would show up if he dragged his son out here. He can't be the true Ultimate King unless he defeated Yusho as a result. Yuya, dressed in a clown outfit, sneaks up behind him. A woman asks who that is, while another woman says he must be a clown (in the dub, the second woman responds with, "Beats me".). The same boy from Yuya's previous Duel is also watching the spectacle. Behind the Sledgehammer, Yuya continues to dance and make funny faces. Zuzu recognizes the clown as Yuya. The crowd yells at the Sledgehammer to look behind him. The Sledgehammer turns, to find Yuya behind him. He asks if he is that "brat" of Yusho's (in the dub, the Sledgehammer wonders if the circus came to town). Yuya bows to the Sledgehammer mockingly. This enrages him, causing him to ask if that is how Yuya respects the Champion (in the dub, the Sledgehammer recognizes the clown as Yuya at this point). Yuya removes his clown mask and apologizes for his rudeness, and to make up for it, he requests to the Sledgehammer to allow him the honor of Dueling him. Yuya activates his  Duel Disk , ready to Duel. He wonders how great the Sledgehammer is (in the dub, he trash talks him by saying "Let's see if you're as nasty as you smell"). The Sledgehammer tells Yuya to know his place as he activates his own Duel Disk and adds that he will show Yuya the skills of a pro and give him some discipline. Yuya smiles at the statement. Nico exclaims that this was an unexpected turn of events, but both players are ready. He tells both players to  draw  five cards to start the Duel. Nico announces that the Duelists will kick across the earth and fly across the air with their monsters, while encouraging the audience to fix their eyes on the "ultimate evolution of Dueling," the Action...  (in the dub, he instead tells the crowd to witness the "Duel to end all Duels")  Yuya and the Sledgehammer yell, "DUEL!". Nico snaps his fingers and  Action Cards  are scattered throughout the battlefield.
 
         " Lava Battleguard " and " Swamp Battleguard ".     
 The Sledgehammer lets Yuya go first, but reminds him that he cannot draw on the first  turn  (in the dub, the Sledgehammer trash talks to Yuya, saying that he can't wait to pummel him in his pantaloons). Yuya yells that he will show the audience what a classic Action Duel looks like, as he waltzes up to a zip line and glides down on it, much to the Sledgehammer's surprise. For his first performance, Yuya  Normal Summons  "Performapal Hip Hippo". Yuya jumps off the zip line and lands on his monster's back. He tells the Sledgehammer to catch him if he can as "Hip Hippo" runs off. The same male audience member from before asks if Yuya is running away already. His companion says that Yusho's son being quick at running is no surprise (in the dub, the latter jokes that he needs wings to fly like a chicken). The blue-haired boy watches in awe. Zuzu asks what Yuya is doing (in the dub, Zuzu says she knew that letting Yuya Duel was a mistake). Gong is upset as well and says Yuya should face the Sledgehammer proudly. From the castle, the Sledgehammer watches as Yuya and "Hip Hippo" escape into the forest. He mutters that it won't be long until he catches him. He draws " Battleguard King ". The Sledgehammer activates " Feast of the Wild LV5 ", allowing him to Special Summon two  Level  5  Warrior - Type  monsters from his  hand  with their  effects   negated . He Summons " Lava Battleguard " and " Swamp Battleguard ". As the " Battleguards " jump to the ground, the Sledgehammer  Tributes  them to  Tribute Summon  "Battleguard King", which pushes several trees out of the way and roars. Nico exclaims that the Sledgehammer Summoned his ace monster as the audience cheers. Yuya stops short upon seeing the Sledgehammer's monster blocking his path.
 
         Yuya's  use of  Action Cards  help him survive.     
 The Sledgehammer says that while Yusho got away from him, there's no escape for Yuya. He declares an attack on "Hip Hippo" with "Battleguard King", as the monster swings its club. Yuya manages to find an Action Card, " Evasion ", and subsequently activates it. This negates the attack. Yuya declares "Rolling Hippo" as "Hip Hippo" does a somersault, allowing it and Yuya to avoid the attack. Gong exclaims that Yuya can't just win by evading and that he needs to fight. A voice behind him says that Yuya is indeed fighting. He turns around to find Yoko Sakaki behind him, much to Skip's surprise. Yoko says that Yuya is reinventing himself while fighting (in the dub, Yoko tells Gong that Yuya's running is rather common). Back at the Duel, Yuya and "Hip Hippo" are running away from "Battleguard King". The Sledgehammer notes that Yuya can use Action Cards effectively, just as expected. Professionals, however, can go beyond that (in the dub, the Sledgehammer notes that Yuya uses Action Cards effectively so he can escape from the action). He reveals the effect of "Battleguard King": when it is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Battleguard" monster, it can attack twice during the same  Battle Phase . Yuya is surprised at this. "Battleguard King" brings down its club, seemingly destroying Yuya's monster. Nico exclaims that "Battleguard King" did it, but is surprised to find Yuya and "Hip Hippo" escaping from the destruction unscathed. The Sledgehammer is surprised as well, and Yuya says he managed to escape just in time. He reveals that he activated the Action Card, " Miracle ", preventing the  destruction  of his monster  by battle  and halving the  battle damage . This reduces his  LP  to 2900. The two male audience members are amazed and one of them says that Yuya is going toe-to-toe against the Champion (in the dub, one of the male audience members comments he should get himself a hippo card). The Sledgehammer  Sets  a card and ends his turn.
 
         " Wonder Balloons " weakens " Battleguard King ".     
 Zuzu asks Yoko on what she means about Yuya reinventing himself. Yoko replies that Yuya spent the last three years behind the mask of a clown. He made fun of himself before letting others make fun of him for his father running away. She continues that Yuya wants to be like his father, the legendary Duelist he admired since he was a boy. Yuya begins his turn and draws " Odd-Eyes Dragon ". Yuya is satisfied that he got the card. "Hip Hippo" jumps up several pillars and Yuya announces the climax of his show. He explains that "Hip Hippo" can be treated as two Tributes for a Tribute Summon. "Hip Hippo" runs to the edge of the platform, jumps off and disappears. This leaves Yuya in a free-fall as he removes his clown outfit and Tributes "Hip Hippo" to Tribute Summon "Odd-Eyes Dragon".
 Yuya lands on the back of "Odd-Eyes" and says the fun is just beginning (in the dub, this is changed to "Swing into Action"). From the stands, Skip exclaims that this is Yusho's catchphrase, causing his blood to burn with excitement, while Yoko watches Yuya proudly. She thinks that Yuya was waiting for this moment. The Sledgehammer chides Yuya for using his father's catchphrase, as a coward would (in the dub, the Sledgehammer swears to make Yuya fear him, just like his father did). Yuya contacts the Sledgehammer and affirms that his father is not a coward. He will win the Duel using the skills Yusho taught him to prove that he is stronger than anyone else. The Sledgehammer says that "Odd-Eyes" only has 2500  ATK , which is lower than that of "Battleguard King". Yuya says, "we'll see about that", and activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Wonder Balloons ". A multicolored box appears in front of Yuya. Yuya dashes into the forest, finding three Action Cards. He  sends  them to the Graveyard as Nico commentates on the spectacle. After doing this, Yuya yells that he will send "Wonder Balloons" flying off and explains that for each card he sent from his hand to the Graveyard, a balloon will appear. He can then send "Wonder Balloon" to the Graveyard to reduce an opponent's monster's ATK by 1000 for each balloon that was sent out until the  End Phase . The balloons surrounding "Battleguard King" pop and trap it in even more balloons. Yuya says that it lost 3000 ATK, making its ATK 0. Nico exclaims that Yuya managed to turn the Duel around with the clever use of Action Cards. The Sledgehammer says that a player cannot hold more than one Action Card at a time (in the dub, the Sledgehammer realizes that Yuya was simply pretending to run away). He notes that Yuya wasn't just running around - he was finding out the locations of the Action Cards.
 
         The Sledgehammer  gives chase.     
 Yuya holds up his pendant and replies that he has a knack for finding things (in the dub, he says it was risky, but he knew the Duel would swing his way). The two male audience members are stunned and say that Yuya has the Champion on the ropes. As the crowd cheers, Yuya thinks this is the acclaim that his father felt at the stadium. He urges "Odd-Eyes" to get the crowd going even more. "Odd-Eyes" prepares an attack on "Battleguard King" as the blue orb on its chest gleams. Yuya explains the effect of "Odd-Eyes": when it destroys a monster by battle, it inflicts  damage  to the opponent equal to half the ATK of the destroyed monster. Since "Battleguard King" has 3000 ATK, the Sledgehammer will take 1500 damage from its effect. The Sledgehammer then realizes that with the 2500 ATK from "Odd-Eyes", this will total 4000 damage and he will lose. Yuya says he will win in one turn and declares an attack with "Odd-Eyes". He declares " Spiral Flame " as "Odd-Eyes" releases a crimson stream of fire from its mouth at the Sledgehammer's monster, causing a huge explosion in the arena. Skip exclaims that Yuya won, while Gong and Zuzu yell Yuya's name. The crowd cheers at the victory.
 When the smoke clears, "Battleguard King" is still on the field, trapped in the balloons. It lets out a loud roar. Zuzu asks why this happened. The Sledgehammer reveals that he activated his own Action Card, "Miracle", which was the same card Yuya used earlier. Nico exclaims that the Champion did not let them down as always. The Sledgehammer says this is all there is to Yusho's Dueling as he leaps from the castle tower and activates the  Continuous Trap Card , " Battleguard Rage ". When he takes damage, he can have a "Battleguard" monster he controls gain 2000 ATK. Frustrated that he missed the win, Yuya ends his turn. The Sledgehammer continues that "Wonder Balloons" wears off, allowing "Battleguard King" to regain its original ATK. "Battleguard King" destroys the balloons surrounding it, increasing its ATK to 5000. Zuzu exclaims that not only did "Battleguard King" return to normal, it got stronger than before (in the dub, Zuzu realizes that Yuya has to do something, or else he would be the "odd man out"). The Sledgehammer says this is the beginning of Yuya's requiem and starts his turn. Yuya turns around and starts to run away. The Sledgehammer says Yuya won't get away and orders "Battleguard King" to attack "Odd-Eyes". As he tries to escape, Yuya sees an Action Card on a tree, but before he can reach it, "Battleguard King" brings its club down on "Odd-Eyes", destroying it and sending Yuya flying. Yuya is pitched to the ground as his Life Points fall to 400. The Sledgehammer, standing on the hand of "Battleguard King", tells Yuya that "Battleguard Rage"  returns  a monster destroyed by battle with "Battleguard King" to its owner's hand instead of sending it to the Graveyard. He then activates " Battleguard Magic ", allowing him to gain Life Points equal to half the ATK of "Odd-Eyes". This restores him to 4000 Life Points, much to Zuzu's surprise. The Sledgehammer continues that "Battleguard King" can only attack monsters twice, allowing Yuya to survive for another turn. He Sets a card and ends his turn.
 
         Yuya's   monsters  transform into  Pendulum Monsters .     
The Sledgehammer urges Yuya to start his turn and draw a card. He also offers Yuya a chance to  surrender , turning tail and running away just like his father. Yuya yells that he will never run, but stops and realizes he has all monsters in his hand - " Stargazer Magician ", " Performapal Whip Snake ", " Performapal Sword Fish " and "Odd-Eyes Dragon". He is unsure on what to do. Back at the stands, Zuzu mutters Yuya's name as Gong, Yoko and Skip watch (that scene is cut from the dub). Yuya starts to doubt himself - he calls the situation hopeless and wonders if he has what it takes to take his father's place. He recalls the words Yusho said to him during his childhood (in the dub, Yuya's and Yusho's voices alternate as they recite their life lessons). Rejuvenated, Yuya begins his turn and declares, "Swing pendulum! More and more!" as he draws " Timegazer Magician " ("Okay, pendulum, you've swung his way! Now it's time to swing my way!" in the dub). Yuya's pendant starts to glow with a blue light. Yuya's cards, "Timegazer Magician", "Stargazer Magician" and "Odd-Eyes Dragon", are also surrounded by the same light. Surprised, Yuya watches the Monster Cards transform into half-orange, half-green cards with twin effect boxes and widened art frames -  Pendulum Monsters , while "Odd-Eyes Dragon" transforms into " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Yuya continues his turn, placing "Timegazer Magician" in the left  Pendulum Zone  and "Stargazer Magician" in the right Pendulum Zone. As he does so, the word "Pendulum" appears on his Duel Disk. Both of Yuya's Pendulum Monsters are surrounded in pillars of light as they rise up and an an enlarged version of Yuya's pendant appears between them. Yuya explains that he can Pendulum Summon monsters between Levels 2 and 7, as the Pendulum Scales of "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician" are 1 and 8, respectively. The Sledgehammer asks what's going on. Yuya  chants ,          Yuya  is poised to defeat  The Sledgehammer .     "Swing, pendulum of souls! Draw an arc of light across the ether! Pendulum Summon! Appear, my faithful monsters!" (Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready to swing into action!" in the dub) as a portal appears overhead and three rays of light burst through. He  Pendulum Summons  "Performapal Whip Snake", "Performapal Sword Fish" and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Zuzu, Skip, Gong and Yoko are stunned by the turn of events as Yuya stands before the Sledgehammer, determined to defeat him.
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Gong Strong 
         Gong  with " Superheavy Samurai Swordsman " and " Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler ".     
 Duel  already in progress.
 Yuya  has 4000  LP  remaining, no cards in his  hand , and  controls  " Performapal Hip Hippo " in  Attack Position  and 1  Set  card. 
 Gong  has 2600 LP remaining, 4 cards in his hand, and controls " Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler " and " Superheavy Samurai Swordsman " both in  Defense Position  and no Set cards.
 Turn 4: Gong 
Gong  Tributes  "Blue Brawler" and "Swordsman" to  Tribute Summon  " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei " in  face-up  Defense Position by its  effect . Yuya  activates  his  face-down  " Hippo Carnival ",  Special Summoning  three " Hippo Tokens " to his  field  (0/0 each).
 Due to the  Solid Vision  machine breaking at this point, the Duel ends with no conclusion.
 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. The Sledgehammer 
         Yuya  vs.  The Sledgehammer .     
 At the start of the Duel, the  Field Spell Card  " Castle of Chaos " is activated, as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 
         " Performapal Hip Hippo " is Summoned.     
 Turn 1: Yuya 
Yuya  Normal Summons  " Performapal Hip Hippo " (800/800).
 Turn 2: The Sledgehammer 
 The Sledgehammer   draws  " Battleguard King ". He activates " Feast of the Wild LV5 ", letting him Special Summon two  Level  5  Warrior - Type   monsters  from his hand, but their effects are  negated . He Special Summons " Swamp Battleguard " (1800/1500) and " Lava Battleguard " (1550/1800), both in Attack Position. The Sledgehammer  Tributes  both of them to Tribute Summon "Battleguard King" (3000/1100). "Battleguard King"  attacks  "Hip Hippo", but Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Evasion ", which negates the attack. As "Battleguard King" was Tributed Summoned using at least 1 " Battleguard " monster, it may attack again, as long as the  attack target  is a monster. "Battleguard King" attacks "Hip Hippo", but Yuya finds and activates another Action Card, " Miracle ", preventing its  destruction by battle  and halving the  battle damage  (Yuya: 4000 → 2900 LP). The Sledgehammer Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Odd-Eyes Dragon ". He Tributes "Hippo", which treats itself as  two Tributes  via its effect, to Tribute Summon "Odd-Eyes Dragon" (2500/2000). Yuya activates " Wonder Balloons ", which allows him to  send  cards from his hand to the  Graveyard  to place a  counter  on it. Yuya finds and sends three Action Cards (two "Evasion" and a "Miracle") to the Graveyard, placing three counters on it ("Wonder Balloons": 0 → 3 counters). Yuya activates the second effect of "Wonder Balloons", sending it to the Graveyard and  targeting  "Battleguard King" to decrease the latter's ATK by 1000 for each counter "Wonder Balloons" had until the  End Phase  ("Battleguard King": 3000 → 0/1100). "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Battleguard King", but the Sledgehammer activates the Action Card "Miracle", preventing the destruction of "Battleguard King" and halving the battle damage (The Sledgehammer: 4000 → 2750 LP). He then activates his face-down " Battleguard Rage " as he took battle damage, targeting "Battleguard King" to increase its ATK by 2000 ("Battleguard King": 0 → 2000/1100). At the End Phase, the effect of "Wonder Balloons" expires ("Battleguard King": 2000 → 5000/1100).
 Turn 4: The Sledgehammer 
"Battleguard King" attacks "Odd-Eyes Dragon". Yuya finds an Action Card, but the attack of "Battleguard King" destroys "Odd-Eyes" before he can get the card (Yuya: 2900 → 400 LP). Due to the effect of "Battleguard Rage", "Odd-Eyes Dragon" returns to Yuya's hand instead of going to the Graveyard. The Sledgehammer then activates " Battleguard Magic ", increasing his LP by an amount equal to half the ATK of a monster returned to the hand (The Sledgehammer: 2750 → 4000 LP). The Sledgehammer Sets a card.
 
         The first  Pendulum Summon .     
 Turn 5: Yuya 
Yuya's hand contains "Odd-Eyes Dragon", " Stargazer Magician ", " Performapal Sword Fish " and " Performapal Whip Snake ". Yuya draws " Timegazer Magician ".
 At this point,  Yuya's pendant  transforms "Stargazer Magician" and "Timegazer Magician" into  Pendulum Monsters  and transforms "Odd-Eyes Dragon" into " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ".
 Yuya activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Performapal Whip Snake" (1700/900), "Performapal Sword Fish" (600/600) and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (2500/2000) from his hand, all in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Dragon 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hippo Carnival 
 Wonder Balloons 
 
 The Sledgehammer Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Battleguard King 
 Lava Battleguard 
 Swamp Battleguard Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battleguard Magic 
 Feast of the Wild LV5 
 Traps 
 Battleguard Rage 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler 
 Superheavy Samurai Swordsman 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Castle of Chaos 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Evasion  x3 
 Miracle  x3 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mechanicalchaser  x2 
 Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness  x2 
 Serpent Night Dragon  x2 
 Sky Scout  x2 
 Yaiba Robo  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Berserk Gorilla  x2 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Injection Fairy Lily Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Master Diamond 
 Synchro Monsters 
 XX-Saber Gottoms 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Constellar Pleiades Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Foolish Burial 
 Heavy Storm 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Traps 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Dimensional Prison 
 Mirror Force 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Duel School advertisements Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cloudian - Smoke Ball 
 Key Mace 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Skull Servant 
 Effect Monsters 
 Endymion, the Master Magician 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Infernal Flame Emperor 
 Jinzo - Lord 
 Morphing Jar 
 Morphing Jar #2 
 Mystic Swordsman LV2 
 Mystic Swordsman LV4 
 Mystic Swordsman LV6 
 Needle Worm 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Swift Birdman Joe 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Elemental Mistress Doriado Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chain Strike 
 Dian Keto the Cure Master 
 Magical Citadel of Endymion 
 Mind Control 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Sky Magician 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Passer à l'action - Partie 1
 
 
  Germany 
 Mit Schwung geht die Action los (1)
 
 
  Italian 
 Si entra in azione (prima parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 빛의 궤적, 펜듈럼 소환!
 
 
  Thai 
 วงโคจรแห่งแสง การอัญเชิญแบบเพ็นดูลัม
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Noburo Gongenzaka 
 
 Youhei Oobayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 Hajime Iijima 
 
 Nico Smiley 
 
 
 
 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 Ryouko Yuui  
 
 Yoko Sakaki
 
 Saskia Maarleveld 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Tom Wayland 
 
 
 Strong Ishijima 
 
 Atsushi Miyauchi 
 
 The Sledgehammer 
 
 Will Sasso 
 
 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 
 Hiroki Touchi 
 
 Yusho Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr.
 
 References 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/Pendulum_Summon_Portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140406151237', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Yuya%27sTauntEpisode1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409004147', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/IshijimaAdvert.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409002841', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/ZuzuSmacksSkip.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140408195824', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Yuyaandhisfather.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/ClownYuyaandIshijima.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003126', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/BattleguardsARC-V.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003250', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/ActionCardExplanationEpisode1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/BattleguardKing-JP-Anime-AV-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/IshijimaGivesChase.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409004044', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/PendulumTransformation.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140409003713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Yuya_Sakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150429114950', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/SwordsmanandBlueBrawler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160221032520', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Yuya_VS_Ishijima.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140406112746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/PerformapalHipHippo-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140406134805', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/TheFirstPendulumSummon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140406113335', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes