Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_081


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 081 
 
 
 
 
 Crow  and  Shay  each fight for their own cause. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 それぞれの 戦 場 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sorezore no Senjō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Our Respective Battlefields 
 
 
 English 
 Battle Birds 
 
 
 Number 
 081 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 8, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 8, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 28, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chuichi Iguchi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Where the Truth Lies " 
 " Warriors of the Air " 
 
 
 
 

" Battle Birds ", known as " Our Respective Battlefields " in the Japanese version, is the eighty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 8, 2015, and in Australia on November 8, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on February 14, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US in January 2018. 
 In order to prove whether  Crow  is an enemy or a friend,  Shay  Duels against him. Seeking vengeance for his fellow  Commons , Crow clashes fiercely against Shay!! An intense aerial battle between their monsters unfolds. Meanwhile,  Roget  agrees with  Yuya ’s desire to make everyone smile through Dueling, and offers to collaborate with Yuya, so that they can both achieve their dreams.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Crow Hogan 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 At the  Duel Palace ,  Melissa Trail  states that the  Friendship Cup  is filled with doubts, and she asks whether  Yuya Sakaki  is really involved in a side deal with their sponsors,  Sector Security .  Crow  drives up to the starting line on  his Duel Runner  and he yells that it doesn't matter.  Shay  drives up as well, telling Melissa to let him Duel already. (In the dub, this conversation is longer; Crow tells Melissa that it's enough gossip, and Shay agrees, stating as they drive up rather than at the start that he wants to Duel and crush Crow so that he can go after  Duel Academy . Crow replies that he hopes Shay has a Plan B since he doesn't plan on losing, while Shay replies that his only plan is one for victory.)
 
       Crow  and  Shay  at the start line.     
 In her new helicopter, Melissa admits that she'd love to pursue this scoop, but for now she'll bring the audience the latest excitement on the Dueling field. The helicopter lifts off, while Crow and Shay privately muse to themselves at the starting line; Crow thinks that no-one can do anything for the  Commons  and he'll have to win in order to change things; while Shay vows that he'll defeat everyone who stands in his way; there's no other way to expose  the enemy . Melissa suggests that they get the show on the road, and she activates the Action Field; the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration ". The purple light suffuses the stadium and the surrounding track, and the  Action Cards  scatter. Crow and Shay's  Duel Runner 's declare "Duel mode: On. Autopilot: Standby", and the holographic countdown appears. Melissa calls, " Turbo Duel …acceleration! ("On your marks, get set... Go!" in the dub)", and Crow and Shay start with a cry of "Duel!"  Yugo  and  Celina  watch in their rooms as Melissa narrates that Crow and Shay have set off at full pace. Whoever completes the course and exits the Duel Palace first takes the first move. Track pillars deploy and alter the road sections as Melissa explains that the course selected for this match is the Central Loop Line that encircles  New Domino City 's major terminal. She notes that their sponsors might have thought it would be troublesome if a certain  someone  destroyed a long course. In his office,  Jean-Michel Roget  snorts, commenting that this expense is nothing to the funding of the  Topsiders , they merely do not wish to defile the beauty of the city that will soon be Roget's. (In the dub, Roget is the only one to discuss the destruction of the Duel Palace, and he claims that Shay will pay dearly if he destroys the beauty of his future empire again.)
 Shay and Crow enter the exit tunnel, and Shay tells Crow that Duel Academy has infiltrated various places; if Crow is one of them, then Shay will show him no mercy. Crow tells Shay not to talk about stuff that he doesn't understand. (In the dub, Shay makes no mention of suspecting Crow, he instead claims that Crow is slowing him down. Crow retorts that Shay's skills are what is slowing him down.) They exit the Duel Palace, and Crow emerges first, taking the first turn. 
 
       Shay  takes damage from " Charging Blade ".     
 Crow vows that he'll win and avenge the grudges of his comrades, stating that  Shinji  isn't the only one who ties the bonds of the Commons together. Declaring his turn, Crow Summons " Blackwing - Jetsream the Blue Sky ". Then since he controls a " Blackwing " monster with a different name, he  Special Summons  the  Tuner monster  " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall " from his hand. He  Synchro Material  tunes the  Level 1  "Jetsream" with the Level 1 "Oroshi" and  chants  "Spread your jet-black wings and slice through the gale with your concealed blades!   Synchro Summon ! Plunge!  Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider ! ("Show him how we turn the power of flight into the power of fight! I Synchro Summon Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider!" in the dub)" "Sayo" appears with 800  ATK , and Crow follows up with the  Equip Spell Card , " Charging Blade ", increasing the ATK of the equipped monster by 800. "Sayo" grips the twin blades as it rises to 1600 ATK, and Crow activates the effect of "Charging Blade", allowing him to inflict 400 damage for each Synchro Material used to Summon the equipped monster. "Sayo" slashes the air and sends red blades of light at Shay, lowering his  LP  to 3200. Melissa declares that Crow has inflicted the first damage, and Crow clenches his fist in glee, claiming that this is the strength of the bonds of the Commons; comrades alike, they fight together through their bonds. (In the dub, Crow also compares their strength to the combination of his monsters.) His words please the Commons in the crowd, and they cheer Crow's words as he states that that's the Commons. Shay responds immediately with the effect of the " Raidraptor - Avenge Vulture " in his hand, Special Summoning it since he took effect damage. "Avenge Vulture" has 1700 ATK, and Crow muses that Shay won't go down without a fight, but the bonds of the Commons will not waver from just that. (In the dub, Crow compares Shay's spirit to that of the Commons and admits that he's curious to see how the rest of the Duel will turn out.) He  Sets  a card and ends his turn.
 
       " Avenge Vulture " pecks  Shay's  helmet.     
 Shay vows that he'll defeat Crow, and decide whether he's friend or foe after that. (As before, Shay simply states his desire to get to Duel Academy in the dub, rather than judging Crow.) He declares his turn and draws. Shay targets a " Raidraptor " monster he controls, explaining that he can Special Summon " Raidraptor - Pain Lanius " from his hand by doing so. He adds the card that he drew to his  Wrist Dealer  and Special Summons "Pain Lanius". Shay states that until the end of the turn, the  Level  of "Pain Lanius" will then become equal to that of the targeted monster. "Pain Lanius" becomes  Level 4 , and Shay further explains that he will then take damage equal to either the ATK or  DEF  of the selected monster, much to Crow's shock. Shay chooses to take the 100 DEF of "Avenge Vulture", and "Avenge Vulture" lightly pecks his helmet, reducing him to 3100 LP. Then since he took effect damage, he Special Summons a second "Avenge Vulture" from his hand. Crow realizes that Shay took damage in order to add more monsters to his arsenal. (In the dub, Crow comments that he's heard of the saying, "No pain, no gain", but calls this ridiculous.) Shay then activates the  Spell Card , " Raidraptor - Sanctuary ", allowing him to draw two cards since he controls three "Raidraptor" monsters. 
 
         " Rise Falcon " soars away from  Melissa's  helicopter.     
 Shay declares his  Battle Phase , attacking "Sayo" with one of his "Avenge Vultures", and "Sayo" blocks the blow. As Crow falls to 3900 LP, he explains that "Sayo" cannot be destroyed up to twice per turn. Shay attacks with the second "Avenge Vulture" and "Sayo" blocks that strike too, reducing Crow to 3800 LP. Crow laughs that he's withstood Shay's attacks. (In the dub, he comments that Shay's 0-2; Shay replies that third time's the charm.) Shay activates a  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Raidraptor - Rapid Xyz ", allowing him to  Xyz Summon  during the Battle Phase since Crow controls a Special Summoned monster, much to Crow's shock. Shay  overlays  the Level 4 "Pain Lanius" and his two "Avenge Vultures", and chants "Obscured falcon. Extend your talons sharpened by adversity! Spread your wings of rebellion! Xyz Summon! Appear now!  Rank 4 !  Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ! (" As "Rise Falcon" boosts away from the helicopter and down to Shay, Melissa cheers Shay's power. (In the dub, she's apprehensive of the "Raptor".) Shay explains that the effect of "Rapid Xyz" will allow him to activate the effect of "Rise Falcon" that uses an Overlay Unit during the Battle Phase, and he detaches an Overlay Unit to activate the effect of "Rise Falcon", increasing the ATK of "Rise Falcon" by that of all Special Summoned monsters Crow controls. "Rise Falcon" rises to 1700 ATK, and Crow is shocked by the power of the effect, telling Shay to get his broken effects out of here. (In the dub, Crow is shocked that Shay is using his monster against him.) Shay orders "Rise Falcon" to attack "Sayo", and this time, "Sayo" is destroyed and Crow falls to 3700 LP. The ATK of "Rise Falcon" returns to normal during the  End Phase , and Shay ends his turn. Melissa praises Shay's surging Xyz Summon, and apologizes for being the only one with such a great vantage point. Shay accelerates beside Crow, and Crow smiles, telling Shay that they can't have Shay thinking that he's destroyed the Commons' bonds by destroying one monster. Shay replies that he'll annihilate anything that Crow throws at him, and Crow responds in kind, refusing to be defeated. (In the dub, Crow instead tells Shay that he won't defeat him and his "Blackwings" so easily, and they both trash talk, with Crow telling Shay that he won't be laughing after he loses.)
 Down in the streets of the slums,  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren  peek out from behind some boxes in an alleyway, and Frank states that they can get onto the highway from there. They turn to  Zuzu , and Amanda states that she's sure that it's already started. Tanner suggests that they hurry and Zuzu agrees. (In the dub, he asks her if she's afraid of heights, and Zuzu, understandably nervous after her accident, asks how high they are talking.) In the  High Council  chamber of the Capital Building,  Riley  asks  Declan  where Yuya has gone. Declan reassures Riley that Roget will not suspend the tournament and that Yuya will continue to participate. However, Roget will likely try to win Yuya over. (Declan and Riley's scene is cut from the dub.)
 Roget is contacted by two Sector Security officers outside his door, who state that they have brought Yuya Sakaki with them. Roget asks them to enter, and the guards bring Yuya in. Roget states that he and Yuya will be fine on their own and politely asks the officers to leave. Yuya turns suspiciously as the officers leave and he asks Roget why he isn't sending Yuya to  the Facility . Roget reassures Yuya that that will not happen again, and reminds Yuya that he  is  an important guest. (In the dub, Yuya asks Roget what he wants, and Roget claims that he's here as Yuya's friend.) A screen pops up behind him displaying the feed of Crow and Shay's Duel, much to Yuya's surprise. (In the dub, this prompts Yuya to declare Crow and Shay his real friends, not Roget.) Roget tells Yuya to watch closely, as the victor of the Duel may just become Yuya's opponent. (In the dub, he uses this statement to counter Yuya's declaration.) And Roget hopes that Yuya will win then, as according to his plans. Yuya repeats, "to your plans?" in surprise. 
 On the highway, Shay states that he's been driven into desperate situations, surviving one hellish day after another; does Crow think that his will can hold out against him? Crow angrily tells Shay not to jump to conclusions when he doesn't know what the Commons have been through. He declares his turn and draws, before Summoning " Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind " from his hand. Crow activates the effect of "Tornado" since his opponent controls a Special Summoned monster, Special Summoning a Level 1 Tuner monster from his  Graveyard . He revives "Oroshi the Squall", and tunes the Level 4 "Tornado" with the Level 1 "Oroshi", chanting, "Jet-black raging gale, become the tailwind that ties our bonds!  Synchro Summon! Take off!  Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm ! ("There's a storm coming, and with it comes a deluge of destruction! I Synchro Summon Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm!" in the dub)" Crow explains that when "Sohaya" is Synchro Summoned, he can Special Summon an " Assault Blackwing " from his Graveyard, and he revives "Sayo". Crow then explains that when "Blackwing" monsters are used to Synchro Summon "Sohaya" he can treat "Sohaya" as a Tuner monster, much to Shay's shock. Crow tunes the Level 2 "Sayo" with the Level 5 "Sohaya" and he chants, "Spread your jet-black wings and soar in tandem with the roaring thunder! Slash apart the lightning! Synchro Summon! Cascade!  Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ! ("I'm summoning a storm of trouble! I Synchro Summon the turbulent Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower!" in the dub)" 
 
         " Rise Falcon " boosts away from " Raikiri ".     
 Melissa cheers that it's here; after a series of repeated Synchro Summons, Crow has called out his  ace monster . Crow activates the effect of "Raikiri", destroying a card on the field for each "Blackwing" monster that he controls. Shay spots an Action Card as "Raikiri" sheathes its blade and draws it, sending an arc of blue energy towards "Rise Falcon". (This sequence is altered in the dub, shifting Shay spotting the card to after "Raikiri" drawing its blade; Crow also states that "Rise Falcon" is a goner, Shay, spotting the Action Card, asks, "Oh, is it?") Leaning down, Shay grabs the card and activates the Action Spell, " Mirror Barrier ", negating a card effect that would destroy a card. A  Sphere Field  forms around "Rise Falcon" and protects it from the slash. Crow states that he'll battle in that case, and he attacks "Rise Falcon" with "Raikiri". "Raikiri" charges, and Shay activates the effect of the " Raidraptor - Booster Strix " in his hand, sending it to the Graveyard and detaching one of the Overlay Units from "Rise Falcon". "Booster Strix" roars onto the field and attaches to "Rise Falcon", then the  Winged Beasts  boost away from the strike of "Raikiri" as Shay explains that its effect allows him to negate the attack. Crow is shocked that Shay was able to negate a battle as well, and Shay continues with the effect of "Booster Strix", detaching another Overlay Unit from "Rise Falcon" to destroy Crow's monster. "Booster Strix" disintegrates and "Rise Falcon" becomes covered in blue energy, speeding towards "Raikiri". Crow tells Shay that he won't let him and activates the  Continuous Trap Card , " Blade Shade ". A bladed crested spinning shield appears in front of "Raikiri" and Crow explains that once per turn, the destruction of "Raikiri" by battle or by card effect will be negated, and "Rise Falcon" is repelled by the shield. Crow further explains that when this effect is activated, Shay takes 500 damage. Wind buffers Shay and he falls to 2600 LP. Crow ends his turn and he tells Shay to come at him; Crow doesn't have time to play this war game. (In the dub, Crow instead declares that he's got the upper hand.) Shay snaps that this is no game; ever since Duel Academy snatched away  his hometown  and his  his younger sister , everywhere Shay goes is a battlefield. (In the dub, Shay states that the events of his life have enabled him to be able to rise up.)
 Meanwhile, Amanda spots Crow on the highway as Zuzu joins the three orphans on an overpass. (This scene is cut from the dub.)
 Yuya asks what Roget means when he says that he wants Yuya to win in accordance with his plan. Roget replies that it won't be long before he rules New Domino City, or dare does he say that is already the case. Another screen pops up displaying the Sector Security officers holding Declan, Riley, and the High Council hostage, and Yuya gasps the Akaba's names, before turning on Roget. (In the dub, he calls Roget a rat.) Roget replies that it is for the future, and he requires Yuya's assistance to further his plan. (In the dub, Roget reassures Yuya that Declan and Riley are fine, as long as Yuya cooperates with him.) 
 On the highway, Crow tells Shay that if he wants a war that badly, then he should have it somewhere else. Maybe there are other traitors in those  Lancers  comrades of Shay's. Crow will wheedle them out before they collaborate with the Tops and get up to no good. But Shay retorts that he doesn't consider the Lancers to be his comrades. (In the dub, Crow assaults Shay with a hurricane of bird puns; Shay tells him to keep flapping his lips as it will make beating him that much sweeter.) Up on the overpass, Amanda spots Crow and Shay, just in time for the camera to focus on Shay as he claims that the people that he lost in his hometown are the only comrades that he has; everyone other than Shay himself is an enemy. (In the dub, Shay is trash talking Crow's tough talk.) Zuzu whispers Shay's name and the orphans shout encouragement at Shay as he and Crow pass under them.
 Roget derides the Duel as a travesty, merely an exchange of insults; a far cry from Yuya's Dueling. He notes that in Yuya's Duels with  Jack Atlas ,  Officer 227 , and Shinji Weber, Yuya touched Roget's heart. (In the dub, Roget goes as far as to state that he previously believed that pure force was the way to win a Duel; but Yuya has made him see new possibilities.) Roget states that Yuya does not want to Duel just to defeat his opponent and emerge victorious, something that Yuya has conveyed in all of his Duels. Yuya strives to accomplish something even greater with his Dueling, something that will bring winner, loser, and audience together filled with concepts like love, happiness and peace. (In the dub, Roget does not discuss guesswork concepts, but instead he hits closer to the truth, discussing Yuya's Dueltaining and making the audience smile.) Yuya admits that what he seeks to bring is smiles. (In the dub, Yuya confirms that making people smile is indeed the point of his Dueling.) Roget claps his hands together, and calls Yuya truly magnificent. He states that Yuya's message has surely reached the hearts of the people. (In the dub, Roget declares that Yuya's ideals are what New Domino needs to bring them together.) Yuya remains silent as both of them recall the Duel with Jack, and Roget admits that Yuya's Dueling may not yet be perfect as entertainment, as seen when Jack wiped the floor with Yuya. (In the dub, he attributes this to Yuya's inexperience with Turbo Dueling.) Roget gets up, stating that even so, Yuya continues to evolve as he clinches one victory after another. He walks over to Yuya, telling him that when he wins, stands with the Tops, and brings smiles to everyone, the true meaning of Yuya's Dueling will be complete, won't it? Yuya looks up at Roget, and Roget muses that the ideal of bringing smiles while Dueling will surely rid the world of strife as well. Yuya is putting his heart and soul into this pure and righteous ideal, and Roget holds out his hand, claiming that he supports Yuya from the bottom of his heart. (This final shot is cut from the dub.)
 On the overpass, Amanda angrily states that she hates violent jerks like Shay. Frank agrees that Shay is the worst, and was totally unreasonable during his Duel with  Dennis  as well. Tanner reassures them that Crow will thrash Shay. Zuzu protests that Shay lost almost everything when Duel Academy attacked, but Frank points out that the orphans are the same. Zuzu is surprised, and Tanner explains that they had nothing from the start, while Frank states they didn’t do anything unreasonable like Shay. Amanda and Tanner promptly shoot him looks, and Frank admits that they did steal food a couple of times. Tanner points out that Crow always got mad at them when they did, and would tell them to live honestly. Crow would tell them that before they grew up he would build a proper world for them, so they should hold their heads high and survive (in the dub, they hope Crow wins the Friendship Cup for them). 
 
         Roget  asks  Yuya  if he believes  Sora .     
 Roget tells Yuya that he also loves peace, and he hopes for a peaceful world where everyone can live happily; a world where people are not divided into Topsiders and Commons, where everyone can truly experience joy. If Yuya will lend Roget a hand, then that can become a reality. Roget asks Yuya if he will join hands with him and move forward towards their ideal? For the first step, Roget wants Yuya to win the Friendship Cup and defeat Jack Atlas. Yuya doesn't respond, so Roget explains that Jack is not a suitable King for Roget's ideal world; Roget is looking for a Duelist with a pure and righteous ideal, like Yuya. Yuya points out that if that is true, then why did Roget capture him and bring him here? Roget turns away, claiming that he merely wishes to protect Yuya. Yuya is angered by Roget's methods, and Roget admits that they were aiming for the other boy. (In the dub, Roget claims that they thought Yuya was conspiring with Sora.) Yuya is surprised to learn that Roget's forces were targeting  Sora , and Roget repeats the name, asking if he is correct in stating that that is the boy's name. Yuya asks why they targeted Sora, and Roget explains that he concluded that Sora's presence threatens the peace of New Domino City. Roget states that Sora is from Duel Academy, and Yuya begs him to wait, protesting that Sora is his friend and explaining that Sora came to  this dimension  to save Zuzu from Duel Academy. Roget asks Yuya if he believes that, stating that people at Duel Academy don't have friends and there is only one person Sora trusts;  the Professor  alone. Yuya remembers Sora admitting that they have to follow the Professor's orders, even if they don't know why. Roget states that he knows that Sora will definitely betray Yuya because he is from Duel Academy. 
 In the alley, Sora wonders to himself why the area is so strictly guarded. He thinks that he has to get back to Zuzu as soon as possible. (In the dub, he mentally complains that it figures that Sector Security would lock down the city just when he has to get back to Zuzu.)
 
         " Blaze Falcon " attacks  Crow  directly.     
 Crow overtakes Shay as they pass a corner and Shay states that he has no comrades and that he will defeat everyone. He declares his turn and he draws a card which he adds to his hand. He immediately activates " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force " from his hand, using the "Rise Falcon" on his field as Xyz Material and overlaying it to Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" that is one  Rank  higher. "Rise Falcon" transfigures into purple energy and enters an  Overlay Network  and Crow gasps, " Rank-Up ?" (In the dub Crow notes that this can't be good.) Shay chants "Ferocious falcon. Break through this fierce battle and spread your wings! Destroy our gathering foes!  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution ! Appear now!  Rank 5 !  Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ! ("(Dub) "Terror of the skies! Predator of blazing force! With wings that slash and talons that tear! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Rise up,  Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon !")" Shay activates the effect of "Blaze Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to destroy all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls and inflict 500 damage for each one. "Blaze Falcon" launches its probes, which unleash a barrage of green laser beams, but Crow reminds Shay that due to the effect of his Continuous Trap Card "Blade Shade", the destruction is negated. "Blade Shade" blocks the lasers and Crow adds that Shay will also take 500 damage. Shay is buffeted by winds again and his LP falls to 2100. Crow wonders what Shay is aiming for with the 1000 ATK "Blaze Falcon". Shay explains that "Blaze Falcon" can attack his opponent directly, and "Blaze Falcon" swoops in to attack Crow, knocking the Blackbird sideways and reducing Crow's LP to 2700. Shay adds that when "Blaze Falcon" deals battle damage to his opponent, he can destroy one monster his opponent controls. "Blaze Falcon" launches its gas-powered missiles and destroys "Raikiri", and Crow realizes that this was what Shay was aiming for. He explains that since "Raikiri" was destroyed, "Blade Shade" is destroyed as well. Shay Sets two cards and he ends his turn. Melissa narrates that Shay took advantage of the fact that the effect of "Blade Shade" can only be activated once per turn, and now Crow has lost his ace monster. 
 Roget states that he came to New Domino City with a mission, but his interactions with the people of New Domino changed him, and now he truly wishes for the creation of an ideal world. (In the dub, Roget reveals his mission: to prepare New Domino City for invasion.) He states that he needs Yuya is he wants to makes that a reality, and Yuya looks down as Roget puts a hand on Yuya's shoulder. He implores Yuya to believe him, and Yuya looks back up at Roget uncertainly. (In the dub, Roget tempts Yuya with the possibility of ruling New Domino City alongside him: the choice is Yuya's.)
 
 Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Crow Hogan 
         Crow  vs.  Shay .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Crow 
 Crow   Normal Summons  " Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky " (100/800). As he  controls  a " Blackwing "  monster , Crow  Special Summons  " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall " (400/600) from his  hand  in  Attack Position  via its own  effect . Crow  tunes  the  Level  1 "Jetstream" with the Level 1  Tuner monster  "Oroshi" to  Synchro Summon  " Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider " (800/100) in  Attack Position . Crow  equips  "Sayo" with " Charging Blade ", increasing its  ATK  by 800 (800 → 1600). Crow activates the effect of "Charging Blade", which lets him inflict  damage  to his opponent once per  turn  equal to the number of  Synchro Materials  used in the Summoning of the equipped  Synchro Monster  times 400 (Shay 4000 → 3200). As  Shay  took effect damage, Shay Special Summons " Raidraptor - Avenge Vulture " (1700/100) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Crow  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Shay 
Shay Special Summons " Raidraptor - Pain Lanius " (100/100) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect by  targeting  "Avenge Vulture" and changing the Level of "Pain Lanius" to that of the targeted monster until the end of this turn (1 → 4), but he must take damage equal to either the ATK or  DEF  of the targeted monster. He chooses DEF (Shay 3200 → 3100). As he took effect damage, Shay Special Summons another copy of "Avenge Vulture" (1700/100) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. As he controls three or more " Raidraptor " monsters, Shay activates " Raidraptor - Sanctuary ", letting him  draw  two cards. The cards are not shown, but his hand also contains " Raidraptor - Reversal " and " Raidraptor - Rapid Xyz ". "Avenge Vulture"  attacks  "Sayo", with the effect of "Sayo" preventing its  destruction by battle  twice per turn (Crow 4000 → 3900). The second "Avenge Vulture" attacks "Sayo" with the same result (Crow 3900 → 3800). Shay activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  "Raidraptor - Rapid Xyz" as it is the  Battle Phase  and his opponent controls a Special Summoned monster. This lets him  Xyz Summon  a "Raidraptor"  Xyz Monster  using monsters he controls and then allows him to immediately activate the effect of that monster that would require an  Overlay Unit  to be  detached . Shay  overlays  his three Level 4  Winged Beast - Type  monsters to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " (100/100) in Attack Position. Shay activates the effect of "Rise Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to increase its ATK by the ATK of all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls until the End Phase (100 → 1700). "Rise Falcon" attacks and destroys "Sayo" (Crow 3800 → 3700).
 Turn 3: Crow 
Crow Normal Summons " Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind " (1000/1200), while his hand contains " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow ". As his opponent controls a Special Summoned monster, Crow activates the effect of "Tornado", letting him Special Summon a Level 1 Tuner monster from his  Graveyard . He Special Summons "Oroshi" (400/600) in Attack Position. Crow tunes the Level 4 "Tornado" with the Level 1 Tuner monster "Oroshi" to Synchro Summon " Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm " (1500/2000) in Attack Position. As it was Synchro Summoned, the effect of "Sohaya" activates, letting Crow Special Summon an " Assault Blackwing " monster from his Graveyard. He Special Summons "Sayo" (800/100) in Attack Position. As it was Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster, the effect of "Sohaya" treats it as a Tuner monster. Crow tunes the Level 2 "Sayo" with the Level 5 Tuner monster "Sohaya" to Synchro Summon " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " (2600/2000) in Attack Position. Crow activates the effect of "Raikiri", letting him destroy a number of cards his opponent controls equal to the number of "Blackwing" monsters he controls once per turn. He targets "Rise Falcon", but Shay finds and activates the Action Card, " Mirror Barrier ", preventing the destruction of his monster by card effects this turn. "Raikiri" attacks "Rise Falcon". As his opponent's monster  declared  on attack targeting a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster, Shay activates the effect of the " Raidraptor - Booster Strix " in his hand,  sending  it to the Graveyard to target his Xyz Monster and have it gain an effect that lets it detach an Overlay Unit to negate an attack on it and detach another Overlay Unit after that to destroy the attacking monster. Shay targets "Rise Falcon" and activates the effect now, detaching an Overlay Unit to negate the attack. He detaches another Overlay Unit to destroy "Raikiri". Crow activates his  face-down   Continuous Trap Card , " Blade Shade ", and targets "Raikiri". Once per turn, he can either negate an attack against the targeted monster or prevent it from being destroyed by a card effect. If either effect is used, the opponent will also take 500 damage. Crow uses the second effect, preventing "Raikiri" from being destroyed by card effects (Shay 3100 → 2600).
 Turn 4: Shay 
Shay activates " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force ",  Ranking Up  "Rise Falcon" and performing an  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon " (1000/2000) in Attack Position. Shay activates the effect of "Blaze Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to destroy as many of his opponent's Special Summoned monsters as possible and inflict 500 damage to his opponent for each one. Crow activates the effect of "Blade Shade", preventing the destruction of "Raikiri" by card effects and inflicting 500 damage (Shay 2600 → 2100). Shay's hand contains " Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force " and "Raidraptor - Reversal". "Blaze Falcon" attacks  directly  via its own effect (Crow 3700 → 2700). As "Blaze Falcon" inflicted battle damage, its other effect activates, letting him target and destroy one monster his opponent controls. He destroys "Raikiri", with "Blade Shade" destroying itself via its own effect as the monster it was targeting  left the field . Shay  Sets  two cards.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Avenge Vulture  x2 
 Raidraptor - Booster Strix 
 Raidraptor - Pain Lanius Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Raidraptor - Rapid Xyz 
 Raidraptor - Sanctuary 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force 
 Traps 
 Raidraptor - Reversal 
 
 Crow Hogan Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky 
 Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Charging Blade 
 Traps 
 Blade Shade 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Card Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mirror Barrier 
 
 Yuya's thoughts Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Inflater Tapir 
 Performapal Helpprincess 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Rain Goat 
 Performapal Salutiger 
 Performapal Spikeagle 
 Performapal Stamp Turtle 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Lizardraw 
 Performapal Monkeyboard 
 Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Performapal Trumpanda 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 Speed World Neo 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Oiseaux de proie
 
 
  Italian 
 Duelli fra Rapaci
 
 
  Thai 
 สนามรบของแต่ละคน
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/ArcV_081.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151108140445', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/CrowShayStartLine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331054924', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/TrailblazerDamageShay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331054931', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/AvengeVulturePeck.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331055143', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/RiseFalconHelicopter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331055200', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/BlazeFalconBoostsAway.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331060742', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/RogerQuestionsYuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331055900', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/CrowDirectAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160331055921', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/Crow_VS_Shun.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151108140652', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes