Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Boss_Duel

A  Boss Duel  (ボスデュエル  Bosu Dyueru ) is a special type of Duel performed in Japan during a  Yu-Gi-Oh! Day  event. During these Duels, a shop staff member uses a Boss Deck and up to 3 players can challenge that Deck at once. Each Boss Deck is designed as a mock-up of a villain from the  anime , with each card based on either an extremely powerful  anime-only  card or the anime counterpart of a physically existing card.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Rules 
 
 1.1   Challengers 
 1.2   Boss 
 
 
 2   Boss Decks 
 3   Trivia 
 4   References 
 
 
 Rules 
 Each player starts with 8000 Life Points. The boss starts with 8000 Life Points × the number of challengers. 
 The turn order is Boss → Player A → Player B → Player C → Boss 
 Challengers 
 Fields are not shared. Each player can have up to 5 monsters. 
 Players on the challenging team can talk with each other and show each other their cards. 
 Face-down  cards controlled by a challenger can be used by any player of the team. 
 If a player on the challenging team achieves an  alternate victory condition , then inflict 8000 damage to the boss instead. 
 If a player on the challenging team loses, that player sends all cards from their field to their Graveyard. 
 Before starting Player A's turn, the team can choose to activate 1 of the following effects. Each of these effects can only be used once per Duel:
 During the Battle Phase of this turn, double the ATK of all monsters of that team. 
 Instead of conducting their  normal draw  during their respective turns, the turn player (except the boss) adds 1 card from their Deck to their hand. 
 Choose 1 player. That player gains 4000 Life Points. (If you choose a player with 0 Life Points, that player returns to the Duel.) 
 Boss 
 The boss only has 8 cards in their Boss Deck/Main Deck, and no Extra Deck. Five of these cards are marked "Start" (初) in the place the  Attribute  circle would normally appear, while one each of the other cards is marked "1", "2", and "3". 
 The boss's starting hand contains the five cards marked "Start", and the remaining three cards are placed in order (with the card marked "1" at the top of the Deck). The Deck is not shuffled at the start of the Duel. 
 The boss cannot lose the Duel due to being unable to draw. 
 During the boss's Draw Phase, after conducting their normal draw, the boss adds all cards from their Graveyard to their hand. 
 Cards owned by the boss cannot be  banished . If a card the boss owns would be banished, it is  destroyed  instead. 
 The boss can Normal Summon any number of times. 
 Cards  owned  by the boss do not have  Levels / Ranks ,  Types , or  Attributes . 
 Each Boss Deck has 1 card with a hidden effect. 
 Boss Decks 
 
 Pegasus Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Pegasus/Monster A  (Start) 
 Pegasus/Monster B  (Start) 
 Pegasus/Monster C  (Start) 
 Pegasus/Monster D  (1) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Pegasus/Spell A  (Start) 
 Pegasus/Spell B  (2) 
 Pegasus/Spell C  (Start) 
 Traps 
 Pegasus/Trap A  (3) 
 
 Don Thousand Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Don Thousand/Monster A  (Start) 
 Don Thousand/Monster B  (1) 
 Don Thousand/Monster C  (Start) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Don Thousand/Spell A  (Start) 
 Don Thousand/Spell B  (Start) 
 Don Thousand/Spell C  (Start) 
 Traps 
 Don Thousand/Trap A  (2) 
 Don Thousand/Trap B  (3) 
 
 Nightshroud Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Darkness/Monster A  (Start) 
 Darkness/Monster B  (Start) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Darkness/Spell A  (Start) 
 Traps 
 Darkness/Trap A  (Start) 
 Darkness/Trap B  (Start) 
 Darkness/Trap C  (1) 
 Darkness/Trap D  (2) 
 Darkness/Trap E  (3) 
 
 Z-ONE Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Z-ONE/Monster A  (Start) 
 Z-ONE/Monster B  (Start) 
 Z-ONE/Monster C  (1) 
 Z-ONE/Monster D  (Start) 
 Z-ONE/Monster E  (3) Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Z-ONE/Trap A  (Start) 
 Z-ONE/Trap B  (Start) 
 Z-ONE/Trap C  (2) 
 Trivia 
 Boss Duel monsters (and the  Tokens  they Summon) are not the only  Monster Cards  that can completely lack  Levels / Ranks ,  Types  and  Attributes . The 2 'monsters' placed on the field by " Magical Hats " also lack these properties. 
 Boss Duel cards lack distinctive artwork, with the picture simply containing a symbol connected to the villain character who owned the original cards:  Pegasus '  Millennium Eye ,  Don Thousand's Emblem , and the masks of  Nightshroud  and  Z-one . 
 References 
 yugioh-card  Yu-Gi-Oh! Day 
 ygorganization 
 v e 
 Tournaments Formats 
 Advanced 
 Boss Duel 
 Beta 
 Draft 
 Pegasus Ultimate Challenge 
 Sealed 
 Traditional 
 Pegasus Challenge formats
 A Rare Format 
 Air, Earth, Fire, and Water 
 Back From the Forbidden! 
 Caste Party 
 Double Deck 
 New Year's Resolution 
 Structures 
 Single-elimination 
 Swiss-system 
 Tournaments 
 Toys "R" Us Throwdown 
 Sneak Preview 
 Dragon Duel 
 Duelist League 
 Hobby League 
 Regional Tournament 
 Fortune Tour Championship 
 Pegasus Challenge 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Extravaganza 
 Shonen Jump Championship 
 European Championship 
 North American Championship 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series 
 Ultimate Duelist Series 
 World Championship Qualifiers 
 World Championship 
 
 Category 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Tournaments (real world)