Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Altergeist_Hexstia


 Altergeist Hexstia 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Ignis Warfare 
 In  episode 60 ,  Ghost Gal  uses this card during her  Master Duel  against  Brave Battler . She  Link Summons  this card by linking " Altergeist Multifaker " with " Altergeist Silquitous ". This card's effect then has it gain ATK equal to the " Altergeist Marionetter " that it  points to . It attacks Brave Battler directly and wins the duel for Ghost Gal. 
 In  episode 77 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her  Speed Duel  against  The Shepherd . She Link Summons this card by linking "Altergeist Multifaker" with " Altergeist Meluseek ". After "Altergeist Dragvirion" is Synchro Summoned to a zone this card points to, the latter gains 2200 ATK through its own effect. Shepherd targets this card with " Capture Drone ", but Ghost Gal uses this card's other effect to negate and destroy "Capture Drone" by Tributing "Dragvirion", whose effect revives itself to the same zone upon being  Tributed . It then attacks Shepherd directly, but Shepherd sends " Drone Asteroid " from his hand to the Graveyard to negate the attack and Special Summon two "Drone Tokens". On Shepherd's next turn, when he activates " Drone Force Tuning ", Ghost Gal chains with this card's other effect; however, "Drone Force Tuning" cannot be negated. The Tributed "Dragvirion" is revived as usual. 
 Ai's Rebellion 
 In  episode 106 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her  Tag-Team  Speed Duel with The Shepherd against  Roboppi . She Link Summons this card by linking "Altergeist Multifaker" with "Altergeist Marionetter". After Link Summoning " Altergeist Memorygant " to a zone this card points to, the latter gains 2800 ATK through its own effect. In the  following episode , this card attacks Roboppi's " Appliancer Vacculephant "; during the Damage Step, the effects of co-linked " Appliancer Celtopus " and " Appliancer Propelion " activate; "Celtopus" increasing "Vacculephant's" ATK by 2000 and "Propelion" halving this card's ATK; thus, this card is destroyed. Ghost Gal uses this card's final effect to add " Altergeist Kunquery " from her Deck to her hand. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances