Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dragon_Cards


 
 Dragon Cards
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Dragon Cards
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (manga)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Appears in (chapter)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Duel 046 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Duel 047 
 
 Dragon Cards  is a Chinese card game in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . The game involves collecting suits of Chinese Dragon cards and having them battle. In the  first series anime , it is replaced with  Dragon Block —a Mahjong game with near-identical rules.
 A player who loses the game has has their soul sucked into the  soul-eating jar  by the 25 dragons that appear in the game. The soul is fully digested over three months after being sealed. The cards and the pot have been bound with a sealing cord to trap their evil powers.
 
 History 
 The Dragon Cards were used in China, by a Taoist master as a final test for Feng Shui students. The cards possessed shadow powers. Under the  yin yang  concept the cards are deemed  yin . To avoid disruption, a seal, deemed  yang  was used to trap the cards creating balance. If the seal is undone, a game must be played or the land where the cards were unsealed would suffer eternal disaster. 
 Hajime Imori 's grandfather came into possession of the sealed cards during World War II, when he was in Manchuria. Years later Imori found them in his grandfather's shed and took them to  Sugoroku Mutou  to ask if he knew anything about them. Sugoroku told him their history and got him to promise not to break the seal.
 Imori breaks his promise as he breaks the seal to play a game with  Yugi  after stealing his  Millennium Puzzle  in the hopes of taking his shadow powers. He beats Yugi in a game of Dragon Cards, sealing his soul in the jar, but Yugi manages to touch the Millennium Puzzle, turning into  Dark Yugi  before losing his soul. Dark Yugi defeats Imori in Dragon Cards, returning Yugi's soul and sealing Imori's in the jar.
 Dark Yugi reseals the cards hoping the seal will never be broken again.
 
 Rules 
 The game is played like "Five card poker" by using a single deck of cards shared by the two players. Each card represents a dragon, which has one of the five Chinese elements, earth, fire, metal, water and wood and a level from 1 to 5 for a total of 25 possible dragons. There are three copies of each card, making a total of seventy five cards in the deck.
 Both players draw six cards at the start of a game. Each turn a player draws one card and discards one. A player may pick up the last card their opponent discarded instead of drawing from the Deck. Some of the strategy of the game lies in analyzing the opponent's discards to predict what they plan to summon. After gathering two sets of three identical cards that the player is satisfied with, they may play the two dragons corresponding to the cards they gathered. The opponent continues until they draw the cards they need before playing their dragons. Dragons get stronger each turn that passes after they have been summoned. Once both players have summoned their dragons, they battle with them. The player who defeats both of their opponent's two dragons wins.
 Dragons with higher levels are stronger than dragons of lower levels. Each element strengthens and weakens other elements.
 
 
 
 Element
 
 Dragon
 
 Beats
 
 Strengthened by
 
 
 Earth 
 Tu Long 
 Water 
 Fire
 
 
 Water 
 Shui Long 
 Fire 
 Metal
 
 
 Fire 
 Huo Long 
 Metal 
 Wood
 
 
 Metal 
 Jin Long 
 Wood 
 Earth
 
 
 Wood 
 Mu Long 
 Earth 
 Water
 
 Trivia 
 Probably to further highlight their forbidden nature, the Four Cardinal Animals shown in their official depiction and even on the TCG card  Xing Zhen Hu  have them at a "northwest" facing position, with the Vermillion Bird of the South on the left, Azure Dragon of the East on the right on the "southeast" corner of the card box. While the northern direction generally has an ominous connotation with death in Asian mythology,  feng shui  and Asian traditional astronomy holds northwest as a direction of insurmountable doom and defeat, as it is believed to be where the gods of death and the armies of heaven dwell and take major affront to challengers who dare face them. 
 v e 
 Dragon Cards / Dragon Block Dragons 
 Huo Long (Fire Dragon) 
 Jin Long (Metal Dragon) 
 Mu Long (Wood Dragon) 
 Shui Long (Water Dragon) 
 Tu Long (Earth Dragon) 
 Items/events 
 Soul-eating jar 
 Yugi and Imori's game 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's game 
 Chapters 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 Episodes 
 " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 
 
 Category 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Dragon_Cards_game.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101009163415']
Categories: Dragon Cards, Games