Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shoma_Yusa


 
 Shoma Yusa 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese   
 遊佐 尚磨 遊佐 尚磨 Rōmaji: ( Yusa Shōma ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 13 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Ageha Yusa  (sister) 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures - Chapter 001 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 
 
 Shoma Yusa  is the protagonist of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures  manga series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Ageha Yusa 
 3.2   Goriki Jukyu (Strong Jukyu) 
 3.3   Yami Kuroda (Dark Kuroda) 
 3.4   Tsukiko Kuroda (Light Tsukiko) 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Personality 
 He is a soft-spoken and shy boy who only recently moved to the big city at the invitation of his older sister  Ageha , but is more than ready to throw himself into the card game he loves. He is oblivious to things other than dueling, such as  Light Tsukiko 's interest in him. He enjoys the process of dueling and always shake his hand with his opponent after a duel. However, he is inexperienced in dealing with stress and needs encouragement from his friends to regain his composure.
 
 Etymology 
 Just like every other protagonist, his name also contains "Yu" in it, except it's placed within his surname similar to  Jaden Yuki .
 
 Abilities 
 By touching a Deck Shoma instantly gains all information on a card's effect within the Deck. He can enter that Deck's Struct World and communicate with the Duel Monsters who reside there.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Shoma initially used to live deep in the countryside where he would have to wait at least a week to get the latest OCG packs. The only person he could duel with was his older sister until three years prior when she moved to Tokyo for a job. During that time, Shoma collected a lot of decks but could only play against himself. 
 Recently, just as Shoma was about to start middle school, his sister announced to him that she would be moving close to the Satellite Shop (a Yu-Gi-Oh! specialty store) and offered Shoma to come live with her in Tokyo which he agreed.
 
 Relationships 
 Ageha Yusa 
 Ageha is Shoma's older sister who played Duel Monsters with him for most of his early childhood until she moved away. When she moved closer to a store center around the aforementioned card game, she offered Shoma to live with her so he could play with others instead of all by himself.
 
 Goriki Jukyu (Strong Jukyu) 
 Jukyu was the first person Shoma dueled in three years when they met at the Satellite Shop. After their duel the two insistently became close friends who often play against each other for fun. 
 
 Yami Kuroda (Dark Kuroda) 
 Kuroda is a schoolmate of Shoma who instantly took a disliking to him for talking to his sister and challenged him to a duel. Kuroda's reasons for this is due to him being overprotective of his sister and believing Shoma was hitting on her. After Shoma defeated him, he was able to earn Kuroda's respect and friendship when Shoma took an interest in his summoning chants and special moves.
 
 Tsukiko Kuroda (Light Tsukiko) 
 Tsukiko is Dark Kuroda's younger sister. Shoma first met Tsukiko at school when he saw her playing with Duel Monster cards and wanted to request a duel with her but was stopped by her older brother. After her brother lost to Shoma, she took an interest in him and wanted to duel him next, thus becoming friends.
 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Shoma Yusa's Decks 
 Shoma uses a variety of Decks, which he often switches when facing a new opponent.
 His first Deck is a  Tenyi  Deck, which incorporates negating strategies to clear his opponent's field effectively. It gives him an advantage to deal with strong monsters before taking his opponent on. It has been enhanced with  Yang Zing  monsters to support  Synchro Summons , before upgrading it with the titanious " Draco Berserker of the Tenyi ".
 He later switches this Deck for  FIRE   Warrior  one, which focuses on using  Equip Spell Cards  to power his monsters up, as well to bring out his star monster - " Immortal Phoenix Gearfried ". He also adds some Level 9 monsters for  Xyz Summon .
 Using the retro " Gaia The Fierce Knight ", Shoma's tactics have adapted for  Fusion Summons . Generally it is about quickly bringing out the materials to overpower his opponent with the majestic " Gaia the Magical Knight of Dragons ", a monster that can attack twice and gain ATK as it strikes.
 
 References 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures   characters Main 
 Shoma Yusa 
 Ageha Yusa 
 Support 
 Dark Kuroda 
 Light Tsukiko 
 Ms. Guide 
 Psychic Tendo 
 Strong Jukyu 
 Gobu 
 Duel Monster spirits 
 Shaman of the Tenyi 
 Berserker of the Tenyi 
 Draco Berserker of the Tenyi 
 Monk of the Tenyi 
 Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing 
 Denglong, First of the Yang Zing 
 Infernoble Knight - Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Shouma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/219?cb=20190621065940']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures characters