Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_(FMR)


 
 Seto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Seto 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 セト 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 The Mages 
 
 
 
 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Blue-Eyes 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 PlayStation appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 
 Seto  in is the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  incarnation of  Priest Seto . He is portrayed more as an antagonist, than his manga and anime counterparts. Seto is the high mage  Heishin 's right hand man and rival to  the prince .
 
 Biography 
 Seto Duel and defeated  Jono  at the Duel Grounds and proceeded to mock his Dueling skills. Jono claimed that Seto was not good enough to defeat one of his friends. He was unaware that the friend was secretly  the prince . Seto postponed a Duel with the prince, as Heishin requested his presence. When he returned he was defeated by the prince, but then realized who he was.
 After  the Mages  took control of the region, Seto found the prince at the  Forbidden Ruins . He explained the meaning of a map the prince had found. It revealed the location of each  Millennium Item . He advised the prince to defeat the High Mage at each of the shrines on the map. Although  Sadin  advises the prince not to trust Seto, he complied with Seto's instructions.
 After the prince defeated one of the High Mages, Seto kidnapped  Teana  and held her hostage to draw the prince to him. When the prince and Jono arrived at the  Dark Shrine  to rescue her, Heishin ordered Seto to defeat the prince and take the  Millennium Puzzle . Seto dragged Teana into a secret room, where he dueled the prince. Seto was defeated, but gloated about how the Mages do not stand a chance against the prince.
 After the prince defeated the remaining High Mages and took their Millennium Items, Seto approached him and told him to go to the now unguarded Dark Shrine, where he could face Heishin. The prince complied and met there. Seto showed him the way to Heishin. After Heishin lost, Seto took the prince to the  Forbidden Ruins , where he revealed his true plan. He had gotten the prince to gather all the Millennium Items and take them to the Forbidden Ruins. Now Seto could use them to acquire great power, by summoning  DarkNite , but Heishin appeared and held a knife to Seto's neck demanding and demanded the prince to hand over the Millennium Items, under the threat of taking Seto's life. The prince gave Heishin the Items, which Heishin uses to summon DarkNite.
 After the prince defeated DarkNite, Seto disappeared and was never heard from within the kingdom again.
 
 Deck 
 The first time  the prince  faces Seto, his Deck contains many strong cards for such an early stage in the game, like " Gaia the Fierce Knight " and " Ushi Oni ". The second time he is faced, he uses " Gate Guardian " and " Blue-eyes White Dragon ". The third time faced, Seto uses many powerful cards, such as three copies of " Blue-eyes Ultimate Dragon ".
 
 v e 
 Priest Seto  pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Dark Duel Stories 
 Forbidden Memories 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  characters Ancient Egypt 
 Playable 
 Prince 
 Opponents 
 Simon Muran 
 Teana 
 Jono 
 Villager 1 
 Villager 2 
 Villager 3 
 Seto 
 Heishin 
 Mage Soldier 
 Ocean Mage 
 High Mage Secmeton 
 Forest Mage 
 High Mage Anubisius 
 Mountain Mage 
 High Mage Atenza 
 Desert Mage 
 High Mage Martis 
 Meadow Mage 
 High Mage Kepura 
 Labyrinth Mage 
 Sebek 
 Neku 
 Nitemare 
 Other 
 Card shop owner 
 Fizdis 
 Sadin 
 
 Modern World 
 Playable 
 Yugi 
 Opponents 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Shadi 
 Yami Bakura 
 Pegasus 
 Isis 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Other 
 Kemo 
 Joey 
 Téa 
 Bakura 
 
 Other 
 Duel Master K 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Evil_Seto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080629194752']
Categories: Characters, Priest Seto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories characters