Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Zork3.png


 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Great Evil God Zorc Necrophades 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 大 邪 神  ゾーク・ネクロファデス 大邪神 ゾーク・ネクロファデス だいじゃしん ゾーク・ネクロファデス Rōmaji: ( Daijashin Zōku Nekurofadesu ) 
 
 
 Italian name  
 Zorc l'Oscuro 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 3000+ (Japanese) 5000+ (4kids dub) 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Thief King Bakura  (inhabitant of part of his soul/vessel) Aknadin  (inhabitant of part of his soul) Yami Bakura  (present day incarnation) 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 204: " Makings of a Magician " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yoshitaka Kaidu 
 
 
 Greek voice 
 Mike Pollock 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Thiago Zambrano  (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Zorc the Dark One , also known as  Zorc Necrophades  in the original manga and Japanese anime, was the central and final antagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh!  and as the source of the shadow power that was sought by  Yami Bakura . He was described as a "Great Evil God" who was created from the darkness of people's hearts, and his dark power was what was later used to create the  Millennium Items  and their powers. Zorc is the second most powerful Duel Monsters spirit in the Yu-Gi-Oh! universe, weaker only to The Creator of Light, Holactie (the fused form of the Egyptian Gods). He is shown to be able to defeat all of the most powerful duel monster spirits, including the Egyptian Gods and Exodia, and was only able to be stopped when the gods fused together, forming Holactie herself. (In the dub, Zorc was stated to be the creator of the  Shadow Realm ). He was the progenitor of  Yami Bakura  to ensure he would be able to fulfill his agenda to exterminate all life on Earth.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Zorc Necrophades concept art     
 Zorc appeared as a gigantic, purple-skinned demon with huge, curved horns, bat-like wings, and a large dragon/snake appendage between his legs. The dub changed that appendage to protrude from his chest instead of between his legs, due to its likeness to the phallus. In the  bunkoban of the manga , it was made to spiral around him, rather than point out suggestively. Zorc was very similar in appearance to  Diabound  (albeit far larger and more demonic), which was possibly due to his connection to King Bakura.
 
 Abilities 
 Zorc, who was born from the darkness of people's hearts, had power that exceeded that of the Millennium Items, which were created by using his powers. (In the dub, he was the creator of the  Shadow Realm .) Despite his similar origins (though on a far greater scale), it was suggested that Zorc was not related to the Duel Spirits, and was capable of utilizing unnatural attacks and effects. Because his powers stemmed from darkness itself, Zorc claimed that there was virtually no limit to his powers and he would've exceeded infinite if he extended his goals to plunging the universe into darkness.
 Zorc appeared to be capable of reversing and stopping time, a power that Yami Bakura used during the  Shadow RPG  through his  Hourglass Tokens . That power could also create unnatural storms and disasters that were shown to affect both the  World of Memories  and Earth.
 Zorc's sheer power allowed him to single-handedly defeat  Exodia the Forbidden One , the three  Egyptian Gods  and  Blue Eyes White Dragon . He also fared equally against Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon and withstood a devastating attack from Dragon Master Knight, the attack which destroyed the Dragon Master Knight himself. It took the powers of the Creator of Light in order to destroy Zorc.
 3,000 years ago (5,000 in the dub), Zorc was only stopped when Atem used a spell to seal him away, at the cost of having his and Zorc's souls sealed into the Millennium Pendant before it shattered and became the Millennium Puzzle.
 Aside from his immense durability and power, Zorc was capable of forming unnatural attacks and effects. He could attack with flaming projectiles that could cut and burn arbitrarily powerful monsters, in addition to a beam of darkness that sliced Exodia in half (In the manga, those attacks were referred to as "Zorc Inferno" and "Dark Phenomenon," respectively). He was capable of defeating enemies by petrifying them first. Zorc was also capable of creating a solar eclipse which rendered the Egyptian Gods powerless, which allowed him to petrify all three at once. Zorc was capable of conjuring attacks from any part of his body.
 
 Biography 
 Zorc Necrophades was born eons before the  Millennium Items  were originally created, by his own claim, from the darkness in the hearts of people. (In the dub, he was the creator of the  Shadow Realm , and therefore, predated the Millennium Items, though they were made by using his power.) He was an entity of pure evil, and desired nothing other than the total and absolute annihilation of all life. He was summoned by  Aknadin , who brought all seven Millennium Items together in an underground crypt in  Kul Elna  3000 years ago (5000 years in the dub). Zorc then infused a shard of his soul within Aknadin and created the Great Shadow Magus.  Bandit King Bakura  then managed to obtain all seven Millennium Items, and sacrificed himself in order to grant Zorc a physical form on Earth.
 Zorc attempted to destroy the world, but was stopped by  Pharaoh Atem . Atem sacrificed his life by sealing himself and Zorc (or at least, the memories of Zorc) within the  Millennium Puzzle . Zorc managed to live on by sealing a fragment of his soul within the  Millennium Ring . Also, during an unspecified point in time, Thief King Bakura had also sealed his soul in the Millennium Ring, and both souls merged together and formed Yami Bakura. The fragment of Zorc's soul and the spirit of King Bakura later resurfaced when they possessed  Bakura Ryou  as the villain, Yami Bakura, who wished to obtain all seven Millennium Items in order to resurrect Zorc. Eventually, when Atem wished to regain his memories, Yami Bakura turned the event into a  Shadow Game , known as the  Dark RPG , which was played in the world of the Pharaoh's memories, and attempted to release Zorc's full self from the Millennium Puzzle, which gave him a second chance to destroy the world. Using his third  Hourglass Token , Yami Bakura was able to transfer Zorc from the Millennium Puzzle into the World of Memories, where the latter proceeded to repeat his past actions. 
 Zorc was once again resurrected, by King Bakura and Aknadin following the events of the past. Unbeknownst to Zorc, his awakening had triggered that of  Hasan , who protected the Pharaoh. 
 In that second face-off, though his legion of spirits was matched, Zorc easily decimated the forces of Egypt, who resisted the attempts to stop him.  Isis  regathered the scattered Millennium Items, then attacked Zorc with a powered-up Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress. Zorc dispatched the monster with ease, which killed Isis.  Shimon  next stood in Zorc's way and called forth  Exodia  to battle Zorc. In sheer power, even Zorc was matched by the Forbidden One, and the fight initially seemed even, with both combatants losing and regrowing arms. But Zorc's power was drawn from darkness itself, while Exodia drew its strength from a single person. Zorc ultimately dispatched Exodia, which killed Shimon as well. He also slew both  Shada  and Hasan as they protected the Pharaoh.
 Yami Bakura and Yami Yugi reentered the RPG at that point (Yami Bakura revealed to Yami Yugi that he was actually Zorc). After he reclaimed the Millennium Puzzle, the Pharaoh summoned the three  Egyptian Gods  to battle Zorc. The Egyptian Gods clashed with the Great Evil God, and initially appeared to have defeated him. Despite the assault, including the  Egyptian God Phoenix  attack of  The Winged Dragon of Ra , Zorc survived and created a solar eclipse, which robbed the Egyptian Gods of strength, and petrified all three.  Priest Seto  then opposed Zorc with the  White Dragon , and again, appeared to match Zorc, but Zorc petrified the Dragon as well, then destroyed it, which took Seto out of the fight. As Zorc began to destroy the city,  Seto Kaiba , Seto's modern reincarnation, stepped in, and refused to tolerate his atrocities any longer. Kaiba called out three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons", from himself, Seto, and  Kisara , and fused them into the " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ." The Ultimate Dragon clashed with Zorc, and the battle again seemed even. The ultimate clash between light and darkness began to break down the barrier between worlds. The Pharaoh then appeared to merge with Kaiba and the Ultimate Dragon by using the  Millennium Scale , became "Master of Dragon Soldier," and delivered an attack so powerful that it destroyed the Dragon Soldier itself. It still wasn't enough to defeat Zorc, and he prepared to destroy the Pharaoh.  Shadi  intervened using the body of Hasan and saved the Pharaoh. 
 At that point,  Yugi Muto ,  Joey Wheeler ,  Téa Gardner , and  Tristan Taylor  arrived and discovered the Pharaoh's true name. They  Summoned  monsters to attack Zorc, including  Mahad 's spirit alongside  Mana 's  Ka , but Zorc resisted even the most powerful of Mahad's magic and dispatched them with ease.
 Téa then got the idea to cause the Pharaoh's name to appear on a cartouche that she had given him. As they did, Zorc tried to destroy them, but Kaiba had recovered and used " Ring of Defense " to protect them. Zorc broke through, but it was too late, and the Pharaoh re-learned his name - Atem. Atem then revived all three Egyptian Gods, and fused them together into  The Creator of Light , Holactie. Zorc was horrified that Atem had summoned the "Ultimate God", and was consumed by the Creator of Light's attack, which destroyed him along with Yami Bakura, who was merged with Zorc during the former's destruction. Once the Millennium Items were destroyed, Zorc was dead this time without hope of revival.
 
 Other appearances 
 Zorc Necrophades (manga) 
 Trivia 
 When Zorc destroyed the monsters that were summoned by Yugi and his friends, the damage to their Life Points was equal to the monsters' ATK (i.e. when Yugi's " Dark Magician " was destroyed, he lost 2500 LP, while Joey lost 2400 LP when " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " was destroyed). That phenomenon was similar to  Dimension Summoning  Rules, though it was unclear if that was due to Zorc's powers, or the effects of summoning Ka in the Memory World. 
 Zorc had a much weaker counterpart who appeared in  Monster World ,  Dark Master - Zorc . 
 While Zorc does not have an  OCG / TCG  counterpart, " Dark Master - Zorc " does. 
 Necrophades was possibly a compound of Necro (Greek for death), and Hades (the Greek Underworld). 
 While not named, Zorc played a key role in the  Dark Side of Dimensions  movie. 
 Many villains like Z-Arc, Don Thousand and Nightshroud etc are similar to Zorc in someway. 
 In every odd numbered Yu-Gi-Oh! anime series (so far), the final bosses name has 4 letters and starts with "Z". The remaining letters in their name are similar looking to the "orc" in Zorc (Zone and Zarc, respectively). 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Zork3.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131228022701', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Zorc_Necrophades_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110930231426', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Zorc_Necrophades_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150326095756', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters