Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_159


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 159 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ダークネスの真相！十代VS吹雪 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Darkness No Shinsou! Judai VS Fubuki 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki 
 
 
 Number 
 159 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 31, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " 
 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five-Headed Dragon " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " is the one hundred and fifty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 31, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 23, 2016.
 Atticus  endeavors to recover his lost memories of what happened in the  Abandoned Dorm , and  Duels   Jaden  at that location with  Nightshroud 's " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " in the hopes of it acting as a trigger for his memories.  Yusuke Fujiwara  continues his mysterious activities.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Atticus Rhodes 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Atticus  confronts  Yusuke  in the  Abandoned Dorm . Fujiwara asks Atticus what he's done to Fujiwara, as if Fujiwara is separate person. Atticus denies knowing, and Fujiwara's eyes glow red. Before he can harm Atticus,  Axel  arrives and throws a gas grenade, allowing him to get Atticus to safety. Atticus is rendered unconscious, and ends up in the infirmary. Here, Axel meets up with  Alexis  and  Jaden , revealing to them that he was hired by  Maximillion Pegasus  of  Industrial Illusions  to investigate the cards that do not function properly with  Duel Disks  anymore. He states that he believes it's the island itself causing the phenomenon, and that Yusuke Fujiwara is the key to the incident.
 Axel reveals that after  Kagemaru  and his  Shadow Riders  were  stopped  by Jaden, he released all the scholarship students that had been used in the experiment for testing purposes. The only one who didn't return was Yusuke Fujiwara. Prior to his disappearance, Fujiwara was in the same year as Atticus and  Zane , and the three were regarded as the best  Duelists  and students at  Duel Academy . There were also rumors that Fujiwara had his own independent project, and Jaden realizes it must have been research into  Nightshroud . Knowing that Atticus himself was once possessed by Nightshroud's dark powers, Jaden attempts to wake him up and question him. Alexis tells him to stop, but Jaden is insistent and continues to ask Atticus. This earns him a slap from Alexis. She states that  Hassleberry  was right - Jaden truly has changed. Jaden responds that there are times where you cannot turn back - even if you want to. Jaden then leaves the infirmary.
 A bit later, Alexis is shown inserting flowers into a glass vase and remembering what Jaden told her earlier. She then takes the vase of flowers to the infirmary and questions herself what has happened to make Jaden act so different. When Alexis enters the infirmary, she is shocked to find Atticus missing.
 At the  Slifer Red  dorm, Jaden interrogates the spirit of  Professor Banner , trapping the spirit in a drawstring pouch and threatening to flush him down the toilet. As Banner was involved in Kagemaru's plans, he wants to know any information Banner has. Banner claims that Atticus already had Nightshroud's powers - they did not give them to him. Outside, Atticus is slumped on the stairs, having left the infirmary without informing anyone. He tells Jaden to take him to the Abandoned Dorm. 
 Upon arriving, Atticus says he can't remember what transpired in this building. Alexis, Hassleberry,  Syrus  and  Chazz  track them there and question what Jaden is doing. Jaden claims a new threat will arrive soon, and that Atticus holds the answers to it - though he does not remember them. Atticus tells Jaden to Duel him, hoping that using Nightshroud's  signature card  in this specific area will trigger the memories. Atticus takes out the  Nightshroud card , and the dark aura seeps from it, transforming into the mask. Atticus claims that one of two things will happen - he will recover his memories during the Duel, or Nightshroud will again possess him, as he did during his  Duel with Zane .
 Atticus gains an early lead with " Inferno Fire Blast ". After Jaden's successful counterattack, some of his memories begin to return. He recalls standing in the Abandoned Dorm, and Fujiwara, not himself wearing the Nightshroud mask, claiming to have found "the ultimate power". Atticus fights to maintain control of his body and not succumb to Nightshroud once more. Atticus Summons " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon ". When Jaden activates " Contact Soul ", Atticus accurately surmises Jaden's strategy - he aimed to use "Contact Soul" to Summon " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ", allowing him to return "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" to his hand and attack directly with " Elemental Hero Neos ". The effect of "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" then  negates  "Contact Soul" and destroys it. However, Jaden's backup strategy prevails and he wins the Duel. The mask of Nightshroud then turns back into the Nightshroud card while the darkness that was affecting Atticus dissipates away from his body. 
 Alexis, Chazz, Syrus, and Hassleberry rush over to Atticus and check to make sure he is okay. Jaden approaches the group, but Alexis screams at him to not come any closer as she thinks Jaden was responsible for putting her brother through all this. Atticus however reveals that he willingly wanted to do this, much to his sister's shock.
 Through the Duel, Atticus remembers everything. He reveals that Yusuke Fujiwara had had far greater talent at Dueling than himself, or even Zane. However, his passion for Dueling led him abnormal research. Discovering the powers of the " World of Darkness ", Fujiwara was willing to sacrifice his own soul, as long as it meant gaining power, as it would also mean gaining eternal life. His hand bleeding, he allows the blood to drip onto an stone circle on the ground. The dark powers activate, and Fujiwara and Atticus are both pulled into a floating abyss. Fujiwara apologizes for involving Atticus, and gives him the Nightshroud mask he had been wearing, stating he no longer needs it. Atticus never donned the mask himself until he pulled into another dimension as part of Professor Banner's test. He used the powers to survive in that world, alluding to his defeat of  Gravekeeper's Chief  and obtaining his half of the  Shadow Charm pendant . Atticus states Fujiwara was consumed by Nightshroud's power and died. A voice says that is not true. Fujiwara himself appears. Jaden claims he is a fake, while Fujiwara states that Atticus "abandoned his master". Jaden holds up " Honest " and urges him to reveal his true identity as the  Fujiwara's former Spirit Partner .
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Atticus Rhodes 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Clayman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/2000) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Atticus 
Atticus draws " Red-Eyes Black Chick " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/500) in  Attack Position . He then sends "Red-Eyes Black Chick" to the  Graveyard  in order to  Special Summon  " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. Atticus then activates " Inferno Fire Blast " to target "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and inflict damage to Jaden equal to "Red-Eyes Black Dragon's" original ATK (Jaden 4000 → 1600), but "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" can't attack this turn. 
 Atticus then Tributes "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" in order to  Special Summon  " Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon", it gains 300 ATK for every  Dragon - Type  monster in Atticus'  Graveyard . He currently has two ("Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon": 2400 → 3000/2000). 
 "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" attacks and destroys "Elemental Hero Clayman". Jaden then activates his face-down " Hero Signal " to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " (800/1200) in  Attack Position . Since Jaden summoned "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" while he had no other cards on his side of the field, its effect activates, letting Jaden  draw  two cards. [Notes 1]  Atticus Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates " Great Sword " and equips it to "Bubbleman", increasing its ATK by 300 ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1100/1200). Now if "Bubbleman" is Tributed for the Tribute Summon of a Warrior-type monster, it can count as two Tributes. Jaden then Tributes "Bubbleman" in order to Tribute Summon " Elemental Hero Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " Neos Force " and equips it to "Neos", increasing its ATK by 800 ("Neos": 2500 → 3300/2000). Now if "Elemental Hero Neos" destroys one of Atticus' monsters by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Atticus will take damage equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster.
 "Neos" attacks and destroys "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" (Atticus 4000 → 3700). The second effect of "Neos Force" activates (Atticus 3700 → 700). [Notes 2]  Atticus activates his face-down " Red-Eyes Spirit " to Special Summon "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" (2400 → 3000/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position, ignoring the summoning conditions. On Jaden's End Phase, the third effect of "Neos Force" activates, returning itself to Jaden's Deck ("Elemental Hero Neos": 3300 → 2500/2000).
 Turn 4: Atticus 
Atticus draws. "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" attacks and destroys "Neos" (Jaden 1600 → 1100). Atticus then Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates " Convert Contact " to send " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab " and " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird " from his hand and Deck to the Graveyard and draw two cards. Jaden's hand contains "Elemental Storm", " O - Oversoul ", and "Hero's Guard". Jaden then activates "O - Oversoul" to Special Summon "Elemental Hero Neos" (2500/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. 
 Jaden then activates " Elemental Storm " to target "Elemental Hero Neos" and destroy "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" (as the latter's original ATK is lower than the ATK of "Neos"), however "Neos" won't be allowed to attack this turn. Atticus then activates his face-down " Metal Plus " and equips it to "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon". Due to the second effect of " Metal Plus", "Elemental Storm" is negated and destroyed. Jaden Sets two cards.
 Turn 6: Atticus 
Atticus draws "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon". He then Tributes "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon" in order to Special Summon " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " (2800/2400) in Attack Position. Due to the first effect of "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon", it gains 400 ATK for every Dragon-Type monster in Atticus' Graveyard. There are currently three ("Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon": 2800 → 4000/2400). [Notes 3] 
 "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" attacks "Elemental Hero Neos", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero's Guard " to prevent "Elemental Hero Neos" from being destroyed by the attack this turn. Jaden then activates the second effect of "Hero's Guard" to  remove from play  "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" from his Graveyard and halve the Battle Damage he would take (Jaden 1100 → 350) as well as draw one card.
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Contact Soul " and subsequently activates it to Special Summon " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ", but Atticus activates the second effect of "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" to negate "Contact Soul" and destroy it by discarding " Cave Dragon " ("Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon": 4000 → 4400/2400). Jaden then activates his face-down " Hero's Rule 1: Five Freedoms " to remove from play "Red-Eyes Black Chick", "Red-Eyes Black Dragon", "Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon", "Cave Dragon" and "Inferno Fire Blast" from Atticus' Graveyard ("Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon": 4400 → 2800/2400). 
 Jaden then activates " Neo Space ", which gives "Elemental Hero Neos" 500 more ATK ("Elemental Hero Neos": 2500 → 3000/2000). He then activates " H - Heated Heart " to increase the ATK of "Neos" by 500 ("Elemental Hero Neos": 3000 → 3500/2000) and grant it the ability to inflict  piercing  damage this turn. "Neos" attacks and destroys "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon" (Atticus 700 → 0).
 
 Trivia 
 Despite the circumstances, Hassleberry shows delight at seeing the legendary "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (since he was not present during either of the previous times Atticus summoned it). This is possibly a reference to  Rex Raptor , a well known Dino Duelist who used "Red-Eyes" many years before. 
 The effect of " Metal Plus " protects the equipped monster from Spell Cards, much like the effect of " Magic Metal Force " (the original version of " Metalmorph "), which was used to transform the original "Red-Eyes" into " Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon ". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Honest 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Contact Soul 
 Convert Contact 
 Elemental Storm 
 Great Sword 
 H - Heated Heart 
 O - Oversoul 
 Neo Space 
 Neos Force 
 Traps 
 Hero's Guard 
 Hero's Rule 1: Five Freedoms 
 Hero Signal 
 
 Atticus Rhodes Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cave Dragon 
 Red-Eyes B. Chick 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Inferno Fire Blast 
 Traps 
 Metal Plus 
 Red-Eyes Spirit Other   *  Nightshroud 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Spirit of the Pharaoh 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Electrum Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Illusion Gate 
 Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , this  effect  of " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " can only  activate  and  resolve  when it is Summoned while there are no other cards on the player's side of the  field  or in his/her  hand . 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the  Effect Damage  of " Neos Force " is  resolved  in the  Graveyard , not on the  field . 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " has different effects: It can be  Special Summoned  by  banishing  a  Dragon - Type   monster  you  control , and allows you to Special Summon another Dragon from your hand or Graveyard, once per  turn . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Series159.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121205204531', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes