Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_023


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ゲノムの 巨 人 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Genomu no Kyojin 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Genome's Giant 
 
 
 English 
 A Grim Tale 
 
 
 Number 
 023 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 18, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 17, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shoji Yonemura 
 
 
 Director 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Eran 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Gill Bo No 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Deleted " 
 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Grim Tale ", known as " Genome's Giant " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 18, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. The English dub aired on Teletoon on November 17, 2018 and on Pluto TV February 5, 2021.
 In order to rescue a boy who fell victim to the " The Deleted " phenomenon,  The Gore  confronted the criminal who called himself  Dr. Genome . Determined to win no matter what, The Gore casts away his entertainment style and  Duels  like a heel.
 
 Summary 
 Viewers at the  Den City  Plaza cheer on The Gore just before his duel against Dr. Genome. At the back of the plaza is  Café Nom , which  Kolter  and  Yusaku  are standing just in front of. Yusaku asks what  Data Gales  are, and Kolter can only guess that they're related to Data Storms. When Kolter suggests that Yusaku help Gore out, Yusaku refers back to when he saw Gore at the hospital, and felt that Gore wanted to be up for the fight on his own. At the hospital,  Gore's manager  looks on from outside  McKendrick Kellenbocker 's ward, and prays for his client's victory.
 The Gore and Dr. Genome's Speed Duel gets underway. Dr. Genome exchanges some blunt words with Gore before making his first move. Gore is shocked upon seeing Dr. Genome play a 2600 ATK monster. But, Dr. Genome lets Gore make his move. 
 The  MC  makes a commentary when Gore announces a  Link Summon . When the summoned monster, " Gouki Thunder Ogre ", appears, the MC claims it is a monster never seen before. Dr. Genome snickers at the monster summoned, which has less ATK than his, but Gore says his opponent should watch what happens next. Gore's manager is watching the duel at hospital, and thinks that his client is shedding his playstyle in order to win for Kellenbocker. Gore equips " Gouki Dark Mask " on his "Thunder Ogre", and then, while accusing Dr. Genome of "deleting" Kellenbocker, wears a mask himself, declaring that he is now Grim Gore. The viewing public, including  Naoki Shima , are surprised to see Gore's new identity.  Ai  wonders what all the fuss is about over a mask, and Yusaku says that Gore has changed his dueling style. Kolter clarifies that Gore has become a heel. Gore then activates " Gouki Poison Mist " to blind Dr. Genome, then continues his play. In battle, "Thunder Ogre" swings the newly-summoned " Gouki Riscorpio " towards Dr. Genome's monster, " Helixx Marmotroll ". This draws a surprised comment from the MC, and Yusaku makes a similar comment. However, Gore mentions "Thunder Ogre's" effect giving it 400 more ATK. 
 Yusaku and Kolter also comment on Gore's move, thinking it's not all from him. When "Dark Mask's" effect inflicts some burn on Dr. Genome, Ai makes another comment. Dr. Genome notices "Riscorpio's" effect, knowing that he's seen it from a previous duel. Dr. Genome says DNA and genetics is his speciality; he just finds it fascinating that someone who proclaims to have changed their style of dueling still uses the same cards. Gore uses his Skill to revive "Riscorpio" (in the dub, Gore's Skill is renamed from "Pain and Gain" to "Rising Rage"). He then has "Riscorpio" ram into "Marmotroll" again. Yusaku and Kolter know that "Thunder Ogre" will then gain enough ATK to beat over "Marmotroll". After taking more burn from "Dark Mask", Dr. Genome decides to turn a corner and speed through the alleyways, but even then, Gore manages to find Dr. Genome simply by hovering above all the buildings. "Thunder Ogre" strikes through a building to send "Marmotroll" flying in the opposite direction, and destroy it. 
 Gore is now chasing after Dr. Genome just before the latter's next turn. Dr. Genome wonders whether the mask makes Gore any different than before, and Gore says that he is different; after losing to Playmaker, he gained the support of his orphanage and that was enough. Because, for everyone else, Playmaker is their hero, and a true duelist aspires to beat their hero. Therefore, after reviewing every duel he has fought, Gore realized that his current style was out of date and he wouldn't be able to win against Playmaker. He had originally considered retirement until his manager suggested that he find a new approach to dueling. Gore tells Dr. Genome that the "old him" is gone, the new Gore only cares about winning and nothing else. 
 As the MC makes another comment, Ai wonders why Gore would attribute his change to Playmaker. Yusaku says there's nothing wrong with that. Dr. Genome claims that the technique Gore used was similar to how he tried to keep " Gouki The Great Ogre " on the field against Playmaker's " Decode Talker ". Gore's insistence that he has changed doesn't convince Dr. Genome, who speeds ahead to begin his next turn. The MC sees Dr. Genome perform a Link Summon, only to see that the monster he summoned, " Helixx Gothiclone ", has no ATK. After summoning another monster, Dr. Genome has "Gothiclone" attack. Ai wonders why Dr. Genome talked only to do the same thing that Gore did; Yusaku says it's strategy. 
 After both monsters use their effects, they drop off the sky and onto the ground. Dr. Genome remembers Gore's duel against Playmaker one more time, and sees that Gore hasn't changed at all, contrary to what Gore says. After using "Gothiclone's" other effect, Dr. Genome ends his turn. Before Gore begins his turn, he says DNA isn't everything. Gore's manager watches as his client tells his opponent that his environment and upbringing made him who he is, and he'll prove it. 
 When Gore activates " Gouki Serpent Splash ", Ai and Kolter notice that the ATK differential is enough to defeat Dr. Genome. However, Dr. Genome counters with his trap. When Ai makes another comment, Kolter says Gore "better think of something asap". Gore admits he has let his opponent get another turn. On Dr. Genome's next turn, he summons a new Link Monster, " Helixx Necro Darwin ". The MC notices "Gothiclone" and "Thunder Ogre" attack each other again with neither being destroyed. Dr. Genome then uses "Gothiclone's" other effect, which would deplete the rest of Gore's Life Points. This causes Ai to panic, reminding Yusaku that Gore would out Playmaker if he loses. Gore keeps himself in the game by discarding " Gouki Octostretch " to survive "Gothiclone's" other effect. Gore is knocked off his D-Board, and Yusaku walks away, to Kolter's shock.
 
 Featured Duel: The Gore vs Dr. Genome 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: Dr. Genome 
As Genome  controls  no  monsters , he  discards  a " Helixx " card to  Normal Summon  " Helixx Marmotroll " (2600/0) without  Tributing .  Once per turn , Genome takes no  battle damage  involving "Marmotroll".
 Turn 2: The Gore 
The Gore Normal Summons " Gouki Suprex " (1800/0). As it was Normal Summoned, The Gore  activates  its  effect  to  Special Summon  a " Gouki " monster from his  hand . He Special Summons " Gouki Twistcobra " (1600/0). The Gore activates the effect of " Gouki Headbatt " (800/0) in his hand,  sending  another "Gouki" monster from his hand to the  GY , to Special Summon it in  Defense Position , then increasing a "Gouki" monster's  ATK  by 800. He sends "Gouki Riscorpio" and  targets  "Suprex" ("Suprex": 1800 → 2600 ATK). The Gore uses "Headbatt", "Twistcobra", and "Suprex" to  Link Summon  " Gouki Thunder Ogre " (2200/LINK-3/↙↑↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . As "Headbatt", "Twistcobra", and "Suprex" were sent from the field to the GY, The Gore activates their effects, to each  add  a "Gouki" card from his  Deck  to his hand. He adds three unknown "Gouki" cards. The Gore  equips  "Thunder Ogre" with " Gouki Dark Mask ". Up to twice per turn, if the equipped monster's effect activates, "Dark Mask" inflicts 500  damage  to Genome, and as long as "Dark Mask" is on the field, The Gore cannot Link Summon. The Gore activates the  Spell Card  " Gouki Poison Mist ", inflicting 700 damage to Genome (Genome: 4000 → 3300  LP ). The effect of "Thunder Ogre" allows the turn player to Normal Summon a monster to a  zone  it  points to  in addition to their Normal Summon/Set. Since the only monsters he controls are "Gouki" monsters, The Gore Normal Summons " Gouki Riscorpio " (2300/0) without Tributing.
 "Riscorpio"  attacks  "Marmotroll", with "Riscorpio" being destroyed (Go: 4000 → 3700 LP). As a monster it points to was destroyed, The Gore activates the effect of "Thunder Ogre", increasing its ATK by 400 ("Thunder Ogre": 2200 → 2600 ATK). As the effect of "Thunder Ogre" was activated, the effect of "Dark Mask" activates, inflicting 500 damage to Genome (Genome: 3300 → 2800 LP). As "Riscorpio" left the field, The Gore activates its effect, to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds "Twistcobra". The Gore activates his  Skill  "Fighting Spirit", to Special Summon all "Gouki" monsters that were destroyed by battle this turn. He Special Summons "Riscorpio". "Riscorpio" attacks "Marmotroll", with "Riscorpio" being destroyed (Go: 3700 → 3400 LP). The Gore activates the effect of "Thunder Ogre" ("Thunder Ogre": 2600 → 3000 ATK), and then the effect of "Dark Mask" activates (Genome: 2800 → 2300 LP). "Thunder Ogre" attacks and destroys "Marmotroll", with the effect of the latter reducing battle damage to 0.
 Turn 3: Dr. Genome Genome activates the Spell Card " Graveyard Incubation ", Special Summoning 2 "Hellix" monsters with the same name from his GY with their effects negated and their ATK and DEF reduced to 0. He Special Summons two copies of "Marmotroll" (Both "Marmotroll": 2600 → 0 ATK). Genome uses both copies of "Marmotroll" to Link Summon " Helixx Gothiclone " (0/LINK-2/↑↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. As there is a Link Monster on Genome's field, he Normal Summons " Helixx Dreadrat " (1200/2000) without Tributing. Genome  Sets  a card.
 "Gothiclone" attacks "Thunder Ogre". The effect of "Gothiclone" makes its ATK equal to the monster it is battling ("Gothiclone": 0 → 3000 ATK) until the End Phase, while its other effect  prevents "Gothiclone" from being destroyed by battle once per turn. The effect of "Dark Mask" prevents the equipped monster from being destroyed by battle or card effect once per turn. As "Gothiclone" was not destroyed by battle as a result of its effect, Genome activates its effect, Tributing a monster it points to to inflict damage to The Gore equal to the Tributed monster's ATK. Genome Tributes "Dreadrat" (Go: 3400 → 2200 LP).
 Turn 4: The Gore 
As all monsters he controls are "Gouki" monsters, The Gore Normal Summons "Riscorpio" (2300/0) without Tributing. The effect of "Thunder Ogre" allows The Gore to Normal Summon "Twistcobra" to a zone "Thunder Ogre" points to. The Gore activates the effect of "Twistcobra", Tributing a "Gouki" monster to increase the ATK of a "Gouki" monster he controls equal to the Tributed monster's ATK until the End Phase. He Tributes "Riscorpio" and targets "Thunder Ogre" ("Thunder Ogre": 3000 → 5300 ATK). As "Riscorpio" was sent from the field to the GY, The Gore activates its effect to add a "Gouki" card from his Deck to his hand. He adds " Gouki Serpent Splash ", and subsequently activates it to inflict damage equal to the difference between the  original  and current ATK of a "Gouki" monster. He targets "Thunder Ogre", but Genome activates his face-down  Trap Card  " Regeneration Cure " to reduce the effect damage to 0 and Special Summon a " Helixx Token " (0/0).
 Turn 5: Dr. Genome 
Genome activates the effect of "Dreadrat" in the GY, to Special Summon it (1200/2000), but it is banished when it leaves the field. Genome uses "Dreadrat" and the "Helixx Token" to Link Summon " Helixx Necro Darwin " (1800/LINK-2/←↑). While "Necro Darwin" is  co-linked , it cannot be attacked.
 "Necro Darwin" attacks and destroys "Twistcobra" (Go: 2200 → 2000 LP). As "Twistcobra" was sent to the GY, The Gore activates its effect to add " Gouki Octostretch " from his Deck to his hand. As the  "Twistcobra" that "Thunder Ogre" points to was destroyed by battle, The Gore activates its effect to increase its ATK by 400 ("Thunder Ogre": 3000 → 3400 ATK), then the effect of "Dark Mask" follows, but Genome activates the effect of "Necro Darwin" to reduce that damage to 0, and double its ATK until the end of the turn ("Necro Darwin": 1800 → 3600 ATK). "Gothiclone" attacks "Thunder Ogre", with the effect of the former making its ATK equal to the monster it is battling ("Gothiclone": 0 → 3400 ATK), while the effects of "Gothiclone" and "Dark Mask" prevent them from being destroyed by battle. As "Gothiclone" was not destroyed by battle as a result of its effect, Genome activates its effect to Tribute a monster it points to to inflicts damage to The Gore equal to the Tributed monster's ATK. Genome Tributes "Necro Darwin", but The Gore activates the effect of "Octostretch" in his hand,  discarding  it to halve the damage (Go: 2000 → 200 LP).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 The Gore (George Gore) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Headbatt 
 Gouki Octostretch 
 Gouki Riscorpio  x3 
 Gouki Suprex 
 Gouki Twistcobra  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki Thunder Ogre Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gouki Dark Mask 
 Gouki Poison Mist 
 Gouki Serpent Splash 
 
 Dr. Genome Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Helixx Dreadrat 
 Helixx Marmotroll  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Helixx Gothiclone 
 Helixx Necro Darwin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Graveyard Incubation 
 Traps 
 Regeneration Cure 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gouki Headbatt 
 Gouki Suprex  x2 
 Gouki Twistcobra  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Decode Talker 
 Gouki The Great Ogre Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frontline Disturbance 
 Gouki Re-Match  x3 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Desperate Tag 
 Rising Energy 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/Vrains_023_Preview.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171018135724', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Go_VS_Genome.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20171018151738']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes