Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_069


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 069 
 
 
 
 
 Zuzu  crosses over the field with the effect of " Overpass ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 疾 走 するディーバ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shissōsuru Dība 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Sprinting Divas 
 
 
 English 
 A Concerted Effort 
 
 
 Number 
 069 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 16, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 21, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 November 5, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Common Cause " 
 " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Concerted Effort ", known as " The Sprinting Divas " in the Japanese version, is the sixty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 16, 2015 and in Australia on October 21, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 17, 2017, and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018.
 After ten years of silence,  Hero Chojiro  has finally returned to the stage! His opponent is  Zuzu ! Meanwhile,  Yuya  watches through the television set the  Turbo Duel  debut of his childhood friend. Zuzu wants to show her everything to Yuya, and goes all-out against Chojiro's assault. Who shall triumph in the end!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Zuzu Boyle vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 The crowd are cheering  Shinji Weber 's name after his victory against  Moon Shadow . Commentator  Melissa Trail  is left bewildered by what happened during the duel, but then gets up to announce the next tie. The first announced competitor,  Chojiro Tokumatsu , enters the stadium track on a  Duel Runner  for the first time, acknowledging how duels have changed since he was younger. As  Yuya  watches from a waiting room, Melissa commentates that "Enjoy Chojiro" is making another comeback after a ten-year hiatus. Chojiro stops at the starting line and acknowledges the crowd, saying that "Enjoy Chojiro" is back. Thinking to himself, Chojiro knows that Yuya had helped him enjoy dueling again, and, while also thanking those who helped him escape from confinement, also hopes not to let Yuya down. 
 Melissa announces Chojiro's opponent as the first female entrant of the  Friendship Cup ,  Zuzu Boyle . Yuya expresses his shock, and so do  Yugo  and  Sylvio  who aren't happy that they weren't next in line. As Zuzu lines up on the starting line, she starts thinking about Yuya, who is unable to comprehend that Chojiro is her opponent. Yuya demands to be let out of his room, but nobody responds; the tournament is still being broadcast on the screen, as Melissa voices her own gender-biased support for Zuzu. But Yuya isn't happy because the loser will be sent to an  underground labor facility , and he can't bear to watch either of them suffer. Chojiro is also not happy at the thought of a young girl being sentenced to intense labor as a consequence of his victory, which he thinks is certain, and thus makes a gesture with his right hand towards Zuzu, which leaves her puzzled.
 The " Crossover Acceleration " Action Field is put on, as is the case for all  Turbo Duels  in the Friendship Cup. When the starting signal is raised, Zuzu appears to struggle with the initial acceleration, and swerves. Yugo, with a face-palm expression, wonders if she'll be okay (in the dub, he says that Zuzu needs training wheels). After gaining control of her balance, Zuzu is feeling scared that she'll lose it, despite being told by Yugo that Duel Runners don't tip over easily (in the dub, she compares her driving to Yuya driving her nuts). Chojiro clears the first corner, as commentated by Melissa, and goes first. He summons " Flower Cardian Pine ", then  tributes  it to Special Summon " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane ", using its effect to then draw a card. He drew " Fraud Freeze ", so "Pine with Crane's" effect sends it to the Graveyard. Chojiro ends his turn, and Melissa expresses her anticipation of Zuzu's first move. 
 Zuzu hopes Yuya is watching her from somewhere, as she draws to start her turn. She brings out " Solo the Melodious Songstress " as a Special Summon, then Normal Summons " Opera the Melodious Diva ". However, Melissa notes that since "Opera" can't attack yet, the one monster Zuzu has that can attack, isn't strong enough to beat "Pine with Crane". Zuzu responds by activating the Continuous Spell " Fortissimo ", selecting "Solo" to increase her ATK by 600. She goes into battle and has "Solo" attack "Pine with Crane". Because the attack is left uncontested, Melissa commentates that Zuzu launched the first successful attack of the duel. As Yuya and Sylvio watch on from separate rooms, Zuzu announces her turn's close.
 Before Chojiro starts his turn, he makes the same gesture with his right hand again and asks for forgiveness, which causes Zuzu to express her surprise out loud. Chojiro draws, then plays the  Spell Card  " Recardination " to regenerate "Flower Cardian Pine with Crane". Next he activates " Sneaky Sleeve ", upgrading "Pine with Crane's" level to 2 then drawing a card as per its effect. Chojiro thinks about  that  card before he draws, and shouts "Enjoy!" in English when he does: it  is  that card, and Chojiro pleads for forgiveness again. Just as Zuzu recovers from her confused response to Chojiro's pleas, she witnesses the activation of the " Super Koi Koi " miracle draw card. The watching Sylvio and Dennis react contrastingly, while Yuya is more worried about Zuzu at this point. Zuzu gasps when she hears that "Super Koi Koi" Special Summons the monsters drawn by its effect. For each draw, Chojiro chants the "koi koi" himself ("I draw!", "WIll I go 2-for-2?" and "Card #3!" in the dub). The first two cards he draws, " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon " and " Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix ", each draw gasps from the audience. When Chojiro reveals his third drawn card, " Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher ", Melissa gasps that he drew three " Flower Cardians ". The audience now cheer at Chojiro's incredible stroke of luck; Chojiro responds by declaring himself that "Enjoy Chojiro" is back. Using "Super Koi Koi", the three "Flower Cardians" are Special Summoned at Level 2 with 0 ATK. 
 With that, Chojiro tunes the four "Flower Cardians" together to  Synchro Summon  his ace, " Flower Cardian Lightshower ", drawing another cheer from the crowd. He promptly enters battle, having "Lightshower" attack "Solo the Melodious Songstress". As Zuzu braces for the residual damage from the attack, she suddenly sees an  Action Card  ahead of her, and grabs it while keeping balance. She activates this card, "Flight", in order to raise "Solo's" ATK by another 600, although Melissa notes that it isn't enough (in the dub, she thought Zuzu was a goner). Zuzu, however, makes a manoeuvre to bank on the side of the track before launching into the air to grab another Action Card. Melissa commentates her shock at the act, while Yugo reacts with a cheer. Zuzu lands her runner upright, back on the ground as she activates another "Flight" card; this time, "Solo's" ATK exceeds that of "Lightshower" as Melissa notes. Chojiro reacts by taking the first Action Card he sees, which is "Miracle", allowing "Lightshower" to withstand the attack and Chojiro to take half the damage, so he's now at 3600 Life Points.
 Chojiro rides up alongside a valiant Zuzu, saying that he enjoys the duel (in the dub, he compliment's Zuzu's move). He then accelerates away, reminding Zuzu of "Flower Cardian Lightshower's" other effect which inflicts 1500 damage on Zuzu's Draw Phase, and proceeds to end his turn. Melissa commentates on the situation, but Zuzu remains determined not to lose nonetheless. She draws, and falls to 2500 Life Points, although Melissa compliments Zuzu's non-hesitation. Chojiro is impressed and curious at Zuzu's determination; Zuzu says it's because of someone she needs to see. As her bracelet wavers in the wind, Zuzu says he is probably feeling sad and sorry for himself, but she wants to empathise and say he's not alone. The subject in question is appearing to be watching the duel at his room with his eyes shaded. Zuzu addresses the subject on broadcast, without stating his name, and says " Remember, the fun has just begun! ("It's time I take center stage!" in the dub) " Yuya gets up with a gasp. Chojiro also remembers the saying, and is shocked to realize  who Zuzu is talking about.
 Zuzu continues with her turn, tributing both her monsters for a Tribute Summon. She then lifts her hands up to announce the arrival of her concert's headlining act, " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ". Putting her hands back on her runner, Zuzu activates "Mozarta's" effect to call on " Aria the Melodious Diva " from her hand.  Dennis  and Sylvio notice what Zuzu's doing, and Sylvio especially gets jealous. Zuzu then applies "Fortissimo's" effect to boost "Mozarta" to 3200 ATK. "Mozarta's" dress glows spectacularly, and two spectators agree that they're seeing more of a fashion show or concert than a duel. Melissa, who is especially impressed, also begins to root for Zuzu. 
 With a smile on her face, Zuzu enters battle and has "Mozarta" attack "Lightshower", throwing in  her father's  "get fired up" lines for added measure. Yuya, watching this, mulls over those words and tries to remember (in the dub, he says Zuzu's a hit). Chojiro, however, reacts by dangerously standing on the seat of his Duel Runner and jumping to grab an Action Card. The audience is left shocked. Chojiro lands back on his Duel Runner and activates the card he grabbed: the " Evasion " Action Spell, allowing "Lightshower" to dodge the attack. Chojiro is impressed with Zuzu's " dueltaining " style, and Zuzu is surprised, wondering where he heard that from. Chojiro wonders what's next. Zuzu responds by activating "Aria's" effect, chipping 800 Life Points off Chojiro to leave him at 2800. Zuzu then reels off a "goosebumps" line, imitating  Frederick's  hand gestures; this draws some laughs from the crowd. 
 Yuya, who is still watching, appears to recall some more of his memories, and gasps. Zuzu hopes Yuya can understand that he's not alone, and proceeds with the duel. She equips "Piping Pipes" to "Mozarta" and explains its effect; which shocks Chojiro and impresses Dennis, who knows it means Zuzu won't take 1500 damage on her next draw. Zuzu winds her turn down. Chojiro draws, and activates the card that he drew: " Super All In! ". Using its effect, he returns "Lightshower" to his Extra Deck in exchange for its  Synchro Materials  in his Graveyard. All are summoned at Level 2. Then, he has to draw a card and apply an effect based on what the card is. Melissa notes the risky gambit arising from "Super All-In's" effect. With Yuya and his dueltaining firmly in his thoughts, Chojiro shouts "Enjoy!" in English ("I draw!" in the dub), and when he reveals the card he draws, he apologizes to Zuzu again. " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain " makes it a straight flush of "Flower Cardian" monsters on Chojiro's field, and it too becomes Level 2.
 Yuya is on alert; knowing that a possible Level 10  Synchro Monster  is on the way. Chojiro confirms his worst fears by beginning the tuning process with all five monsters. He chants: " The ritual of the gods is holy light. Now, become the heavens, the earth, the water, the soil, and the metals, and shine! Synchro Summon!  Flower Cardian Lightflare ! ((Dub) "Behold, as five  blinding beams  become one beacon of light! I Synchro Summon!  Flower Cardian Lightflare !") " Zuzu is horrified that a 5000 ATK monster is facing her down, and Chojiro knows that he'll win if he attacks "Aria". However, Zuzu points out that "Piping Pipes" makes its equipped monster, that being "Mozarta" the only selectable target of his attack. Chojiro says Zuzu will still take massive damage, and proceeds to battle. But before "Lightflare" can attack, Zuzu accelerates past Chojiro and swerves to pick an Action Card off the ground. She activates it: " Overpass ", which swaps the ATK points of the attacking monster with its target. Melissa thinks Zuzu has turned a corner, but Chojiro doesn't think so. He has "Lightflare" simply negate and destroy "Overpass". Thus, Zuzu fails to avoid the 1800 damage coming her way.
 The watching Yuya sees that Chojiro has  floodgated  Zuzu's ability to use Action Cards, and begins to worry again. Melissa also notes Zuzu's tight situation. Zuzu thinks of Yuya again as she relies on the card she's about to draw. The card she draws is the one she was looking for: " Soprano the Melodious Songstress ", which she summons. After being told of "Soprano's" effect, Chojiro notes how she let her draw determine her fate. Zuzu proceeds to send "Soprano" and "Aria" to the Graveyard to  Fusion Summon  " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir ".  Roget , watching this duel from somewhere, notes the Fusion Summon for himself. Meanwhile, Zuzu launches into battle and has "Bloom Diva" attack "Lightflare". Melissa is horrified that Zuzu seems to be asking for defeat. At this point, Zuzu explains her "Bloom Diva's" two battle reversal abilities, and Melissa becomes impressed. Yet, Chojiro drops the bombshell that "Lightflare" can also negate the effect of the monster it battles. Melissa commentates that the momentum has swung again.
 Undeterred, Zuzu banks on the side of the track again and reaches for an Action Card in the air. She lands upright and activates another "Overpass". But, Chojiro explains that "Lightflare" can negate multiple effects in the same Chain, and tells Zuzu it's over. Zuzu believes otherwise, playing the  hand trap  effect of "Score the Melodious Diva" to banish the two "Overpass" cards in her Graveyard, in order to activate "Overpass" as part of "Score's" effect. Chojiro gasps; as Zuzu rides on the overpass created by the Action Spell, she explains that because "Score's" effect wasn't a field-activated effect, it cannot be negated by "Lightflare". Zuzu returns to the ground and has "Bloom Diva" finally attack "Lightflare", this time from behind. Bloom Diva's "Wrecking Refrain", backed by its ATK advantage of 4000, shatters "Lightflare" and causes Chojiro's runner to blow out.  
 Melissa announces Zuzu as the winner, just as she stops near the sheds and takes her helmet off in exhaustion. As Yugo cheers, Yuya places his hand on the screen of his room, and wells up with tears while also congratulating Zuzu. Chojiro approaches Zuzu from behind, having dismounted from his runner and taken off his helmet. A still visibly shaken Zuzu finally takes the chance to ask about Yuya. Chojiro crouches down and whispers, asking if she's Yuya's girlfriend. Zuzu blushes, then suddenly gets her paper fan out to whack Chojiro before hiding it behind her back and apologizing. Just then, the audience cheer for Chojiro again despite his loss, and Chojiro responds by raising his hand and reciting his old proverb:  "You only live once, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose. Don't be ashamed of defeat, and don't be complacent after victory. In other words, let's enjoy! ("A duel is the same as life, my friends! Some days you win, some days you lose. What's important is that you enjoy the journey!" in the dub)"  
 Chojiro turns to face the camera, making a V-gesture with his fingers. Yuya reacts with surprise as Chojiro takes off his riding gear, reveals his robe and makes his leave. As Zuzu looks on, she hears cheers from the audience as well, including mimicry of Skip's and Frederick's lines. She turns to the camera, holds up her left hand and smiles, addressing Yuya silently: "I did it. I gave my everything." Yuya is watching, still crying, and without knowing what she said, thanks her nonetheless for reaching out to him. 
 
 Featured Duel: Zuzu Boyle vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
       Zuzu  vs.  Chojiro .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Chojiro 
 Chojiro   Normal Summons  " Flower Cardian Pine " (100/100). He  Tributes  "Pine" to  Special Summon  " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane " (2000/2000) from his  hand  in  Attack Position  via its own  effect , as "Pine" was a  Level  1 " Flower Cardian "  monster  that was not Special Summoned via the effect of another "Flower Cardian" monster. The effect of "Pine with Crane"  activates , letting Chojiro  draw a card . If the drawn card is not a "Flower Cardian" monster that can be Special Summoned, it is  sent  to the  Graveyard . He draws " Fraud Freeze ", so it is sent to the Graveyard.
 Turn 2: Zuzu 
As her opponent  controls  a monster and she does not,  Zuzu  Special Summons " Solo the Melodious Songstress " (1600/1000) from her hand in Attack Position via its own effect. She then Normal Summons " Opera the Melodious Diva " (2300/1000), though that card may not  attack  the  turn  it is Summoned. Zuzu activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Fortissimo ". This will let her increase the  ATK  of a "Melodious" monster she controls by 600 once per turn until her next  Standby Phase . She uses this effect on "Solo" (1600 → 2200). "Solo" attacks and  destroys  "Pine with Crane" (Chojiro: 4000 → 3800  LP ).
 Turn 3: Chojiro 
Chojiro activates " Card Regeneration ", letting him Special Summon a "Flower Cardian" monster from his Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions. He Special Summons "Pine with Crane" (2000/2000). He then activates " Card Preparation ", letting him change the Level of a "Flower Cardian" monster he controls to 2 and then draw a card. He changes the Level of "Pine with Crane" to 2 and draws " Superkoikoi ", while his hand contains " Synchro Gift " and " Diceversity ". Chojiro activates "Superkoikoi", letting him draw three cards and  reveal  them. Any "Flower Cardian" monsters he reveals will be Special Summoned with their Levels as 2 and their ATK and  DEF  at 0. Any non-"Flower Cardian" monsters he reveals will be sent to the Graveyard and he will take 1000  damage  for each one. He draws and Special Summons " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon ", " Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix " and " Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher ", all in Attack Position. Chojiro  tunes  the Level 2 "Pine with Crane", "Zebra Grass with Moon" and "Paulownia with Phoenix" with the Level 2  Tuner monster  "Willow with Calligrapher" to  Synchro Summon  " Flower Cardian Lightshower " (3000/3000) in Attack Position. "Lightshower" attacks "Solo", but Zuzu finds and activates the  Action Card , " Flight ", increasing the ATK of a monster she controls by 600 until the End Phase ("Solo": 2200 → 2800). She then finds and activates another copy of the Action Card, "Flight", increasing the ATK further ("Solo": 2800 → 3400). Chojiro finds and activates the Action Card, " Miracle ", preventing the destruction of his monster  by battle  and halving the  Battle Damage  (Chojiro: 3800 → 3600 LP).
 Turn 4: Zuzu 
Zuzu's hand contains " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ", " Aria the Melodious Diva " and " Score the Melodious Diva ". As Zuzu draws during her  Draw Phase , the effect of "Lightshower" activates, inflicting 1500 damage to her (Zuzu: 4000 → 2500 LP). Zuzu Tributes "Solo" and "Opera" to  Tribute Summon  "Mozarta" (2600/2000) in Attack Position. Zuzu activates the effect of "Mozarta", letting her Special Summon a Level 4 or lower "Melodious" monster from her hand once per turn. She Special Summons "Aria" (1600/1200) in Attack Position. Zuzu activates the effect of "Fortimisso",  targeting  "Mozarta" (2600 → 3200). Chojiro finds an Action Card. "Mozarta" attacks "Lightshower", but Chojiro activates the Action Card, " Evasion ",  negating  the attack. As "Aria" did not inflict battle damage this turn, Zuzu activates its effect, inflicting 800 damage (Chojiro: 3600 → 2800 LP). Zuzu  equips  "Mozarta" with " Piping Pipes ". If Zuzu would take effect damage, she can increase the ATK of the equipped monster by that value and reduce the damage to 0.
 Turn 5: Chojiro 
Chojiro draws and activates " Super All In! ", letting him  return  a  Synchro Monster  he controls to the  Extra Deck  and Special Summon all monsters used for its Synchro Summon from his Graveyard with their Levels modified to 2. Then he can draw and reveal a card. If it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, it will be Special Summoned, ignoring its Summoning conditions and with its Level at 2. If it is a non-"Flower Cardian" monster, he must destroy all monsters he controls and halve his Life Points. He returns "Lightshower", Special Summons "Pine with Crane" (2000/2000), "Zebra Grass with Moon" (2000/2000), "Paulownia with Phoenix" (2000/2000) and "Willow with Calligrapher" (2000/2000) and draws " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain ". He Special Summons "Cherry Blossom with Curtain" (2000/2000). Chojiro tunes the Level 2 "Cherry Blossom with Curtain", "Pine with Crane", "Zebra Grass with Moon" and "Paulownia with Phoenix" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Willow with Calligrapher" to Synchro Summon " Flower Cardian Lightflare " (5000/???) in Attack Position. The effect of "Piping Pipes" prevents monsters other than the equipped monster from being attacked, so "Lightflare" attacks "Mozarta", but Zuzu finds and activates the Action Card, " Overpass ", swapping the ATK of the  battling  monsters until the end of the Battle Phase. Chojiro activates the effect of "Lightflare", negating the activation of the opponent's  Spell Card  and destroying it. The attack continues and "Mozarta" is destroyed (Zuzu: 2500 → 700 LP).
 Turn 6: Zuzu 
Zuzu draws and Normal Summons " Soprano the Melodious Songstress " (1400/1400). The effect of "Soprano" allows her to  Fusion Summon  a  Fusion Monster  using "Soprano" and other monsters from her hand and  field  as  materials . Zuzu fuses "Soprano" with "Aria" to Fusion Summon " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir " (1000/2000) in Attack Position. "Bloom Diva" attacks "Lightflare", with the effect of "Bloom Diva" activating as it is battling a Special Summoned monster. "Bloom Diva" will not be destroyed by battle, the opponent will take the battle damage that Zuzu would have and the opponent's monster will be destroyed after  damage calculation . However, the effect of "Lightflare" negates the effects of any monster it battles. Zuzu finds and activates the Action Card, "Overpass", which would swap the ATK of the battling monsters, but Chojiro activates the effect of "Gokou", negating the activation and destroying the card. Zuzu activates the effect of the "Score" in her hand, letting her send it to the Graveyard to  banish  two Spell Cards with the same name from her Graveyard and activate the effect of those cards. She banishes two copies of "Overpass", thus swapping the ATK of the battling monsters ("Bloom Diva": 1000 → 5000, "Gokou": 5000 → 1000). "Lightflare" is destroyed (Chojiro: 2800 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Aria the Melodious Diva 
 Mozarta the Melodious Maestra 
 Opera the Melodious Diva 
 Score the Melodious Diva 
 Solo the Melodious Songstress 
 Soprano the Melodious Songstress Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fortissimo 
 Piping Pipes 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix 
 Flower Cardian Pine 
 Flower Cardian Pine with Crane 
 Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Lightflare 
 Flower Cardian Lightshower Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Preparation 
 Card Regeneration 
 Super All In! 
 Superkoikoi 
 Synchro Gift 
 Traps 
 Diceversity 
 Fraud Freeze 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Evasion 
 Flight  x2 
 Overpass  x2 
 Miracle 
 
 Flashback (incomplete) Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Cockadoodledoo 
 Felis, Lightsworn Archer 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Re-Cover 
 Uni-Zombie Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Angel of Zera 
 Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing 
 Chaofeng, Phantom of the Yang Zing 
 Cloudcastle 
 Dragunity Knight - Gae Bulg 
 Mist Wurm 
 Powered Inzektron 
 Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth 
 Vulcan the Divine 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Teleport 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 One for One 
 Summoner's Art 
 Traps 
 Miraculous Descent 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Un concert d'attaques
 
 
  Italian 
 Un Messaggio per Yuya
 
 
  Thai 
 ดีว่าขาซิ่ง
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/ArcV_069.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150816141352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/Yuzu_VS_Chojiro.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150816133951', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Flag_of_Italy.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204232', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes