Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Capsule_Monster_Coliseum


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊☆戯☆王カプセルモンスターコロシアム 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yu☆Gi☆Ō Kapuseru Monsutā Koroshiam 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Playstation 2 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  July 29, 2004  November 26, 2004  February 18, 2005 
 
 
 Genre 
 Card Battle 
 
 
 Ratings 
 E 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum  was released for the Playstation 2 in 2004. Unlike other Yu-Gi-Oh video games it focused on the lesser known Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game featured in the manga. (This was before the release of the Capsule Monsters anime spin off.)
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 2   Gameplay 
 3   Areas 
 4   Promo Cards 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Story 
 In Campaign Mode, the player assumes the role of Yami Yugi as he competes in a Capsule Monsters tournament. However, both Yami and Yugi have no idea on how to play the game at the time, having been too eager to enter before learning the rules of the game. They meet Grandpa at his new Capsule Monster shop, where he shows them how to make an element Symbol that represents them in the game and allows them to purchase as many monsters as they can with the MP they earned making it. He also explains the eight monsters types: Light > Dark > Earth > Thunder; Fire > Wood > Wind > Water. In other words, having monsters of a single type is VERY dangerous, making enemy victory easier. The Symbol also affects the monsters they control; for example, Dark monsters would be weakened by a Light Symbol. And if the Symbol is destroyed, they lose. The main way to win is destroy all your opponents monsters, leaving them with no moves. (Although one could also destroy the Symbol, but have less victory spoils, AKA destroyed monster, to choose from)  
 Afterwards, Yami Yugi enters the first arena and defeats Joey easily. (He choose four  Fire Reapers  for his monsters and choose a land map disadvantageous to them). Before heading off for his next opponent, Yami Yugi is told by Joey that if he clears all four arenas, a "new path will appear or somethin' like that".
 Yami Yugi leaves and moves on to defeat Tristan, Tea,  Duke Devlin , and Grandpa, clearing the first arena. Duke and Grandpa prove to be skilled by choosing their land map and monsters to cover weaknesses while Tristan and Tea prove easier to beat due to inexperience. Tristan's stage introduces areas on a land map that can damage certain monster types that are not suitable for it. Tea's stage introduces occasional changes the map that occur the longer the match is drawn out; hers is a harmless snowfall and loss of Light power-up.
 In the second arena, Yami Yugi defeats  Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Mai Valentine ,  Mako Tsunami , and  Mokuba Kaiba . Rex and Mokuba also have fields that can damage monsters; however, Mokuba's is type-specific. Mai proves the hardest to beat due to her strategic choice of monster types. Though Mokuba is confident in his skills (see Volume 3 of the manga), Yugi beats him and learns that his arch-rival Seto Kaiba is in the tournament as well.
 Now having earned his way into the third arena, Yami Yugi faces  Odion ,  Marik Ishtar ,  Bakura ,  Bandit Keith  and  Maximillion Pegasus . No real skill is needed for Bakura, since he's a novice like Joey, Tea and Tristan; Pegasus, Odion, Marik and Keith prove the strongest of the players here. Odion plays a simple strategy, so outwitting him is easy. Bakura and Keith's fields are neutral, having no special transformations. Pegasus and Marik have fields with different type advantages; however, only Marik's field literally changes based on where the monsters are moved (the field is composed of cubes that represent each element).
 With only one arena left to go, Yami Yugi proceeds on.
 In arena four, Yami Yugi is shocked to find the possessed versions of  Marik  and  Bakura  as opponents; each saw the match their other self had with Yami Yugi, so it's best to use new strategies. Other shocking news is  Shadi  has taken part in the tournament along with  Ishizu Ishtar . Finally, Yami Yugi comes face to face with  Seto Kaiba  and defeats him; interestingly, Kaiba only plays a single  Blue Eyes . Shadi's strategy focuses on confusion and keeping his pieces from being bunched together. Kaiba and Ishizu cautiously send out monsters, keeping a guard around their symbols. Against the Yami (dark) counterparts, it's a (literally) pretty straight forward match, but their fields each have a nasty surprise. 
 As soon as this area has been cleared, lightning will strike in the sky and the clouds will become dark purple; the inspiring music also changes to more ominous theme. Two orbs of light will twirl out of the sky and enter the ground, causing a towering fortress to emerge with a large gem shining on top of it. Both the Pharaoh and Yugi realize this is the new path Joey had spoken about before, meaning that the strongest opponents of the Capsule Monster Tournament wait within it.
 Inside for the title of Capsule Monster Champion, Yami Yugi faces off once more with the wielder of the  Millennium Items : Pegasus, Ishizu, Yami Marik (who gets banished back to the darkness whence he came) and Shadi. With them defeated, Yami Yugi faces off once more with Kaiba (whose new field gives advantages to ALL eight of the capsule monster types). 
 Upon the defeat of Kaiba, the player has successfully claimed the title of King of Capsule Monsters.
 
 Gameplay 
 The game has some deviations from its manga counterpart. Both players have a piece called a "Symbol" (which Mattel later called a King Monster) and a number of monsters depending on piece limit and amount of monster points to spend. The object of the game is to use your monsters to either destroy all your opponent's monsters, or their symbol. After games, monsters can level up making them stronger in the next game. Monsters can fuse in the game, but you do not get the material monsters back afterward; only the fusion. Some terrain on the field can make a monster stronger or weaker depending on the monster's attribute. The total amount of monsters there are is 200.
 
 Areas 
 Capsule Monsters has a total of five areas, which can be played in both Campaign Mode and Free Battle Mode. The opponents in each are as follows:
 Area 1 :
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Symbol: Fire ; Area: Forgotten Capital) 
 Tristan Taylor  (Symbol: Wood ; Area: Condemned Warehouse) 
 Duke Devlin  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Electric Cage) 
 Téa Gardner  (Symbol: Water ; Area: Sacred Street) 
 Solomon Muto  (Symbol: Earth ; Area: Challenger's Stage) 
 Area 2 :
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Symbol: Wood ; Area: Ancient Forest of Origin) 
 Mako Tsunami  (Symbol: Water ; Sea of Miracles) 
 Rex Raptor  (Symbol: Earth ; Area: Tomb of Ancient Kings) 
 Mai Valentine  (Symbol: Wind ; Area: Valley Howling Winds) 
 Mokuba Kaiba  (Symbol: Thunder ; Area: Guided Mansion) 
 Area 3 :
 
 Bakura  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Moonlit Cherry Blossoms) 
 Bandit Keith  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Treasure Trove) 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Symbol: Light ; Area: Imperfect Paradise) 
 Odion  (Symbol: Earth ; Area: Burning Earth) 
 Marik Ishtar  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Guru's Garden) 
 Area 4 :
 
 Shadi  (Symbol: Light ; Area: Limitless Sanctuary) 
 Yami Bakura  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Wicked Ceremonial Site) 
 Yami Marik  (Symbol: Wind ; Area: Corridors of Madness) 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Symbol: Wind ; Area: Crimson Valley) 
 Seto Kaiba  (Symbol: Light ; Area: City of Redemption) 
 Area 5 (King Coliseum) :
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  ( Symbol: Light ; Area: Shrine of Chaos) 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Symbol: Light ; Area: Neverending Site) 
 Yami Marik  (Symbol: Fire ; Area: Fire Mountain) 
 Shadi  (Symbol: Dark ; Area: Sealed Sanctuary) 
 Seto Kaiba  (Symbol: Light ; Area: Aerial Palace) 
 (Note that some characters appear more than once within the game as opponents once you reach the King Coliseum.)
 
 Promo Cards 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum promotional cards 
 Trivia 
 Howling Valley Winds and Fire Mountain are considered the hardest levels.
 Mai's wind power up and Yami Marik's lava field provides them a very strong advantage. 
 Bandit Keith's stage is the only one that falls apart after the duel. 
 Sky Palace, the final stage, is the only one to have no limit of the MP. Thus all high ranked and powerful monsters at the player's disposal can be used. 
 Duke, Marik, Yami Marik, Yami Bakura, Izhizu and Kaiba all have a stage where the field isn't contained in a box with the series logo. 
 Monsters that can evolve usually become  retrained  versions. 
 Exodia does not grant automatic victory.
 However, once the five pieces are fused, it can learn "Obliterate", which is the most damaging attack in the game. 
 The Thunder symbol creates the optical illusion that it spins faster due to the electrical discharges. 
 Counting King Coliseum, one can see how many times a symbol attribute is used.
 Light and Dark: six times. 
 Earth and Wind: three times. 
 Wood, Fire and Water: two times. 
 Thunder: one time. 
 77 monsters can be found unused in the game. Most have complete pictures but some have placeholder icons and placeholder models. All can be accessed via hacking or cheat devices and have complete attack animations. 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/CMC-VideoGameNA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20161029115844', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606']
Categories: Video games