Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Ally_Salvo


 Ally Salvo 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In  episode 106 , many of the  Diablo  Duelbots use three copies of this card during the Battle Royale that was around  Neo Domino City . One Duelbot Normal Summons one copy and uses it to attack  Sherry LeBlanc 's " Chevalier de Fleur ". "Chevalier de Fleur" then destroys the copy, however this activates its effect, allowing the Duelbot to destroy "Chevalier de Fleur" and  Yusei Fudo 's " Speed Warrior ". Other Duelbots then Normal Summon their own copies of this card and use them to attack Sherry directly, defeating her. In  the next episode , one of the Ghosts use one copy of this card to attack Yusei directly (because at this point, "Road Warrior" had already left the field through unknown means). Before the Ghosts can finish Yusei off. Vizor arrives with " T.G. Blade Blaster ". He then Normal Summons " Buster Blaster " and activates its effect to equip it to "T.G. Blade Blaster", decreasing its ATK and DEF by 500. "Blade Blaster" then attacks and destroys one copy of this card. This activates the second effect of "Buster Blaster", allowing Vizor to destroy the other copies of this card and save Yusei. 
 In  episode 107 , the Diablo army use multiple copies of this card during their Turbo Duel against Vizor and  Primo . When Vizor was about to perform an  Accel Synchro Summon , the Diablo army surrounds him, preventing him from Accel Synchro Summoning and forcing Vizor to end his turn. One Ghost then summons this card and uses it to attack " T.G. Wonder Magician ". "T.G. Wonder Magician" then destroys this card, but this activates its effect, allowing Ghost to destroy " T.G. Power Gladiator " and Vizor's set card. After a while, Yusei arrives with a new power in hand. Primo drops out to Duel Yusei while Vizor goes off to Duel the Diablo army and prevent them from interfering with Yusei's Duel. 
 In  episode 108 , The Ghosts' use this card during their Turbo Duel against Vizor, but they disappear later through unknown means after Vizor summons "T.G. Power Gladiator". 
 In  episode 118 , this card appears in a flashback  Taro Yamashita  has when he explains to Leo that when the  Diablo  army attacked Neo Domino City, they destroyed his team's Duel Runner. 
 This monster appears behind several  Duelbots  in  BELIEVE IN NEXUS  along with " Ally of Justice Garadholg ", " Ally of Justice Clausolas ", and " Ally of Justice Nullfier ". 
 Video Games 
 Ally of Justice - Garadholg  and  Globe  use this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances