Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_035


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 035 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 兄弟 の 結束 ！ おジャマデルタハリケーン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kyōdai no Kessoku! Ojama Deruta Harikēn 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Union of Brothers! Ojama Delta Hurricane 
 
 
 English 
 Sibling Rivalry 
 
 
 Number 
 035 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 1, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 7, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Ko Seong Woon 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Fear Factor " 
 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Sibling Rivalry ", known as " Union of Brothers! Ojama Delta Hurricane " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 1, 2005 and in the United States on February 7, 2006.
 Chazz  is forced to Duel his brother  Slade Princeton  with the fate of  Duel Academy  on the line. The match stipulation states that Chazz cannot use any monsters with more than 500  ATK , so Chazz has to build a completely new Deck to even qualify for the match.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Chazz Princeton vs. Slade Princeton 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Chazz Princeton  has been at the  Slifer Red  dorm for two months, and he is exasperated that he does not have enough space in the small room he stays in to fit all of his possessions. The spirit of  Ojama Yellow  appears and asks Chazz if they can search for his missing brothers. He declines, and Ojama Yellow cries.  Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  arrive and inform Chazz that  Chancellor Sheppard  wants to see him. When he gets there, Sheppard informs him that someone has suddenly offered to buy  Duel Academy , and its ownership will be decided in a Duel between the buying party and a student representative. The buyers had made a deal with  Seto Kaiba , the owner of  Duel Academy . Kaiba states that there is no student at the Academy will lose to them.
 Jaden volunteers, but Sheppard states that the representative has been picked by the opponent. It's Chazz. Sheppard receives a video phone call, and the buying party reveals themselves as Chazz's brothers,  Slade  and  Jagger . They reiterate their plan to rule over the financial, political and Dueling worlds. Chazz was supposed to handle the latter part, but due to his failures, Slade and Jagger have decided to take matters into their own hands. Jaden comments that the brothers are amateurs at Dueling, so Chazz should have no problem beating them. Slade reveals the match stipulations - Chazz will not be permitted to use any monster that has more than 500  attack points , and Slade will be using the rare  Dragon  cards that they had  previously attempted to give to Chazz . Jaden complains that that's unfair, but Slade states that Kaiba has already agreed to the stipulations. They reveal that the Duel will take place in three days, and Chazz immediately leaves the office.
 As he's walking, Chazz overhears various other students express concern that he'll lose the Duel purposely so that his brothers can take control of Duel Academy. Jaden defends him saying he will win since Jaden has  dueled   Chazz   himself  and they don't come much stronger, but Chazz tells him not to get involved.  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes  and  Zane Truesdale  arrive, and Zane states that Chazz can't even Duel at all at this point - he doesn't have cards that have less than 500 attack. Chazz confirms this - the only monster in his current Deck that meets the match stipulations is " Ojama Yellow ".  Professor Banner  offers up a rumor. He states that deep in the island's forest, there exists  a well  that students used for disposing of weak cards that they did not want. Though a rumor, it could be their only chance. The rumor also says that the well is haunted by the angered  Duel Spirits  of the cards. Chazz heads to the well, with Jaden accompanying him, much to the former's chagrin.
 When they get near, they are assaulted by the spirits, but nothing actually happens, since the monsters have no attack points. They enter, and find the rumor to be true. The ground of the well is littered with weak cards. They encounter the spirits of " Ojama Green " and " Ojama Black ", who claim that they wouldn't be weak if they were combined with their brother, "Ojama Yellow". The spirit of that card appears from Chazz's coat, and the brothers have their reunion. Chazz agrees to take all the cards in the well back to the dorm with him to try to build a new Deck.
 Days later, the Duel begins, and Chazz reveals that his Deck only contains monsters that have  zero  ATK (this aspect was removed in the dub). Chazz begins by Summoning monsters with high  DEF , such as " Soul Tiger " and " Spirit of the Breeze ". Slade Summons " King Dragun ", " Luster Dragon #2 , " Hyozanryu " and " Luster Dragon " by the end of this second turn, but Chazz saves himself by playing " The Dark Door ", which restricts the number of monsters that may attack in a turn to one. Slade keeps up the offense anyway, and he soon uses " Dust Tornado " to destroy "The Dark Door", leaving Chazz with only one turn to stop Slade's attack force.
 Chazz plays a combo in several stages. He uses " Painful Choice ", letting Slade pick one of five cards to go to his hand while the rest go the  Graveyard . Slade chooses the only non-monster, " Thunder Crash " since it will leave Chazz with fewer monsters to defend with. Chazz says that's exactly what he expected him to do. He then plays " Enchanting Fitting Room ", which lets him Summon all three of his  Ojamas . After that, he plays " Ojama Delta Hurricane!! ", which destroys all of Slade's monsters. By using "Thunder Crash", Chazz destroys the Ojamas and inflicts 900 damage to Slade. He finally Summons " Chaos Necromancer ", whose  original attack  of zero rises to 3300, due to the eleven monsters in his Graveyard. He attacks  directly , winning the Duel. The school is saved, and the Academy's students congratulate their latest hero with his signature cheer.
 
 Featured Duel: Chazz Princeton vs. Slade Princeton 
 Turn 1: Chazz 
Chazz draws " Soul Tiger " and subsequently Normal Summons it (0/2100) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Slade 
Slade draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse " Lord of Dragons " with " Divine Dragon Ragnarok " in order to  Fusion Summon  " King Dragun " (2400/1100) in Attack Position. Slade then activates the second effect of "King Dragun" to  Special Summon  " Luster Dragon #2  (2400/1400) in Attack Position. (Also, the first effect of "King Dragun" prevents Chazz from targeting Slade's Dragon-Type monsters with the effects of  Spells ,  Traps , and  monsters .) "King Dragun" attacks and destroys "Soul Tiger". "Luster Dragon #2" then attacks directly (Chazz 4000 → 1600).
 Turn 3: Chazz 
Chazz draws. He then  Sets  a monster.
 Turn 4: Slade 
Slade draws " Luster Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1900/1600) in Attack Position. He then activates "King Dragun's" effect to Special Summon " Hyozanryu " (2100/2800) from his hand in Attack Position. "King Dragun" attacks and destroys Chazz's set monster. It is revealed to be " The Unhappy Maiden ". Since "The Unhappy Maiden" was destroyed by battle, its effect activates, ending Slade's  Battle Phase  immediately.
 Turn 5: Chazz 
Chazz draws. He then Normal Summons " Spirit of the Breeze " (0/1800) in Defense Position. Chazz then activates " The Dark Door ". Now while this card is face-up, both players can only attack with one monster during their respective Battle Phases.
 Turn 6: Slade 
Slade draws. "King Dragun" attacks and destroys "Spirit of the Breeze".
 Turn 7: Chazz 
Chazz draws. He then Normal Summons " Catnipped Kitty " (0/500) in Defense Position.
 Turn 8: Slade 
Slade draws "Dust Tornado". "King Dragun" attacks and destroys "Catnipped Kitty". Slade then Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Chazz 
Chazz draws. Slade activates his face-down " Dust Tornado " to destroy "The Dark Door". Chazz then activates " Painful Choice " to select " Relinquished ", " Castle Gate ", " Thunder Crash ", " Copycat " and " Royal Magical Library " from his Deck and let Slade choose one card. The selected card will be added to Chazz's hand while the remaining cards will be sent to the Graveyard. Slade chooses to add "Thunder Crash" to Chazz's hand, so the selected monsters are sent to the  Graveyard . 
 Chazz then activates " Enchanting Fitting Room " to  pay  800  Life Points  (Chazz 1600 → 800) and see the top four cards of his  Deck . If any  Level  3 or lower  Normal Monsters  are picked up this way, Chazz can Special Summon. The cards are " Ojama Yellow ", " Ojama Green ", " Ojama Black ", and " Pot of Greed ". "Ojama Yellow", "Ojama Green" and "Ojama Black" are Special Summoned (0/1000 each) in Attack Position while "Pot of Greed" is returned to his Deck. 
 Since Chazz has all three Ojama brothers face-up on his side of the field, he activates " Ojama Delta Hurricane!! " to destroy all cards on Slade's side of the field. Chazz then activates "Thunder Crash" to destroy all monsters he controls and inflict 900 damage to Slade (300 damage for each monster destroyed this way) (Slade 4000 → 3100). Chazz then Normal Summons " Chaos Necromancer " (0/0) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Chaos Necromancer", its ATK is equal to the number of monsters in Chazz's Graveyard times 300. There are currently eleven ("Chaos Necromancer": 0 → 3300/0). "Chaos Necromancer" attacks directly (Slade 3100 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The English dub omits Chazz complaining about how the Slifer Red dorm is too small to fit most of his belongings, cutting out shots of furniture, paintings, and antiques needing to be stored outside the building. 
 In the English dub, Chazz already gave up, saying they might as well pack their bags after the conversation with his brothers, as he didn't have the cards to fit the handicap, which Zane ended up explaining afterward. In the original, Chazz intended on trying to build a new deck but wanted to do it alone, but Jaden and the others offered to help regardless, with Zane pointing out that Chazz likely has no cards to fit the handicap. 
 When  Slade  opens his briefcase to reveal the  Dragon  cards during the video phone call, the dub changes the " King Dragun ", " Divine Dragon Ragnarok ", " Tri-Horned Dragon " and " Lord of Dragons " that were present in the Japanese version to " Pyro Clock of Destiny ", " Juragedo ", " Dark Blade " and " Legendary Fiend ", respectively. Two of these cards, "Juragedo" and "Legendary Fiend" were used by  Yami Marik , who shares Slade's English Voice Actor. 
 In the dub,  Jaden  sings the show's  English theme song  as he travels to the well with  Chazz , he doesn't sing in the original. 
 When Chazz Summons the "Ojamas", he announces that these cards have taught him something, though his explanation is preceded by the monsters guessing what it is. In the dub, the monsters' "lessons" are lazy and untidy habits, but Chazz says he learned that good brothers support each other. In the Japanese version, the monsters give various morals of camaraderie, but Chazz's lesson is that strength can be found even when your resources are from the absolute bottom of the heap. 
 In the original, after Chazz won, Jagger said to Slade that they would get their revenge, but Slade told him to quit it, asking if he could see it, as Chazz had grown up more than they had thought. In the English dub, Jagger mocked Slade for losing, with Slade saying that it was just one Duel, but Jagger said that one Duel made Chazz look like a hero and a major headache to them. So while in the original, Slade and Jagger have learned to accept and acknowledge Chazz's growth, showing a sign of respect, the English dub has it that they are annoyed to have lost to him. 
 In the Japanese version, when Kaiba is informed of Chazz's victory, he simply answers that he didn't need to be told that Chazz won - he was confident that no student of his would lose to an amateur. In the dub, he comments that Slade and Jagger have "a lot to learn about world domination." 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when  Slade  tells Chazz about the conditions of the Duel, he states that Chazz cannot use  monsters  that have more than 500  Life Points , when he should have said  attack points . 
 When Slade destroys " The Unhappy Maiden ", Chazz claims its effect ends his turn automatically, when it only ends the Battle Phase. 
 In the dub, during the scene in which Jaden and Chazz arrive inside the well, relatively strong cards such as " Archlord Zerato ,  Cyber Dragon  and even non-Monster Cards can be seen on the floor.  In the next angle, a " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " card can be seen adjacent to " Ojama Black " and " Ojama Green ". Though Chazz cannot use these cards in the episode's featured Duel, one may be curious as to why so many strong Dragon-type monsters & support cards were abandoned in the well. In the Japanese version, a " Jinzo " card takes the place of the Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon, which is also a quite strong card. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Petit Dragon 
 Happy Lover 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Soul Tiger 
 Effect Monsters 
 Castle Gate 
 Catnipped Kitty 
 Chaos Necromancer 
 Copycat 
 Larvae Moth 
 Royal Magical Library 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Relinquished Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Enchanting Fitting Room 
 Ojama Delta Hurricane!! 
 Painful Choice 
 Pot of Greed 
 The Dark Door 
 Thunder Crash 
 
 Slade Princeton Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok 
 Hyozanryu 
 Luster Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord of Dragons Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 King Dragun Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 
 Briefcase Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok 
 Hyozanryu 
 Luster Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord of Dragons 
 Victory Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 King Dragun Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 
 In the well (Incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aitsu  x3 
 Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness 
 Dark Plant 
 Flame Viper 
 Kattapillar 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Petit Angel 
 Petit Dragon 
 Skull Servant  x2 
 Serpent Marauder 
 Winged Egg of New Life 
 Wings of Wicked Flame 
 Effect Monsters 
 Anti-Aircraft Flower 
 Ameba 
 Blade Rabbit 
 Charm of Shabti  x2 
 Catnipped Kitty 
 Dice Jar 
 Fox Fire 
 Griggle 
 Koitsu 
 Larvae Moth 
 Milus Radiant 
 Outstanding Dog Marron 
 Spirit of the Pot of Greed 
 Steel Scorpion  (red-colored) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 In Chazz's Room (Incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness 
 Goblin Calligrapher 
 Happy Lover 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Petit Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Catnipped Kitty 
 Larvae Moth 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Series035.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729161132']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes