Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:AkizaIzinski-DAR.png

"Aki" redirects here. For  ZEXAL  character, see  Aki ( ZEXAL ) .   
 For the other versions of this character, see  Akiza Izinski (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 
 
 
 Akiza alongside " Black Rose Dragon ". 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Aki Izayoi 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Black Rose Witch Black Rose 
 
 
 Japanese   
 十六夜アキ 
 
 
 Korean   
 아나트 아키 Translated:  Anateu Aki 
 
 
 Arabic   
 أكي إيزايُوي 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 August 16 [3] 
 
 
 Age 
 16 (Season 1) [1] 17 ( WRGP ) [2] 18 (Team 5D's future) 26 (finale timeskip) 
 
 
 Height 
 163 cm [3] 
 
 
 Weight 
 43 kg [3] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Hideo  (father) Setsuko  (mother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Doctor 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Arcadia Movement Signers 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Fortune Cup   Runner-up       World Racing Grand Prix   Winner     Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix  (with  Yusei Fudo  and  Hunter Pace - original timeline)   Winner   
 
 
 Previous team 
 Team 5D's 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Black Rose/ Plant 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 14: " Bloom of the Black Rose " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Demons Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Bella Hudson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Ayumi Kinoshita 
 
 
 German  
 Victoria Frenz 
 
 
 Italian  
 Cristiana Rossi 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Tatiane Keplmair (Yu-Gi-Oh 3D: Bonds Beyond Time)  (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Akiza Izinski , known as  Aki Izayoi  in the Japanese version, is a main character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  and was one of the  Signers . She is also called the  Black Rose , or  Black Rose Witch  in the Japanese version.
 Akiza possesses an extremely strong special ability which sets her apart from the rest of humanity, and even the rest of the Signers. This  psychic  ability enables her to materialize and bring to life  monsters  and the  effects  of  Duel Monsters  cards, allowing her to freely control them similar to  Yami Bakura  and  Jaden Yuki .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Fortune Cup 
 2.3   Dark Signers 
 2.4   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.5   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.6   Ark Cradle 
 2.7   Team 5D's future 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yusei Fudo 
 3.2   Sayer 
 3.3   Leo and Luna 
 3.4   Crow Hogan 
 
 
 4   Non-canon appearances 
 5   Other appearances 
 6   Decks 
 
 6.1   Standing 
 6.2   Turbo 
 
 
 7   Duels 
 8   Trivia 
 9   References 
 10   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Lineart     
 Akiza is a teenager of average height, with fair skin, brown eyes, and dark burgundy hair. Her hair is mostly chin-length with the addition of elbow-length bangs that frame both sides of her face. She rolls her front bangs with a device similar to a hair curler on top of her head, which helps her restrain her powers, while a bit hangs down on each side.
 
       Akiza in the original (left) and in the dub (right).     
 Her wardrobe appears to have Victorian influences, and typically consists of a high-collared, low-cut red corset with short, light green puffy sleeves worn underneath a sleeveless, magenta trenchcoat that flares behind her, being shorter and pleated in the front, and black, elbow-length, fingerless gloves with gold bracelets above them; below that, she wears red high-heeled pumps and black thigh-high stockings connected to a skirt by suspenders. (In the dub, her cleavage is either covered or made smaller and her stockings are edited to remove the suspenders). In addition to this, she wears a red neck choker and an emerald crested, golden cross-shaped medallion. 
 Akiza's first  Duel Disk  has pink, purple, and red trim with purple jewels. Later on, she uses the  hybrid Duel  Disk attached to her  Duel Runner , which has the same color scheme as the previous one.
 For  Turbo Duels , Akiza instead uses a form-fitting, red motorcycle suit which shows her cleavage, along with an enclosed helmet, and boots. 
 When at school, she wears the  Duel Academy  girls uniform. It consists of a burgundy coat, white button-down shirt, same stockings as her usual attire, a medium-length skirt, and a green tie.
 On formal occasions she wears a short red dress with long white gloves and red high heels.
 After  Yusei 's Duel against  Z-one , Akiza had longer hair and had her bangs cut. She also wore a red headband. During the dinner party in the last episodes, she wore a white top and brown sandals, and, in the final episode, she wore a red shirt, stockings, and red high-heeled pumps.
 
 Personality 
 Due to having been rejected by her parents as a child and treated like a monster for years on end, Akiza was initially a very insecure, unstable, and spiteful individual who viewed everyone around her as an enemy and took sadistic pleasure in deliberately hurting people with her powers. At the same time, however, she also suffered from immense self-hatred and was miserable in her personal belief that she would never be able to live a normal life no matter how hard she tried.
 Although  Sayer  gave her hope in her life again when he took her in and showed her compassion, he also deliberately manipulated her for his own agenda, causing her sorrow and rage towards the world to only increase day by day. After meeting Yusei, however, Akiza finally started to question whether she had made the right choice to give up on herself and as a result, her focus started to slip and her performance started to decline. When Sayer was seemingly killed by  Carly  and her parents tried to make amends with her, Akiza (with help from Yusei) was finally able to find peace and obtain the normal life that she had desired from the beginning.
 After reconciling with her family and finding her place amongst the Signers, Akiza became a much more selfless, sweet, cheery, and heroic person, causing her to develop a habit of jumping up to help her friends whenever possible. She also grew close with Leo and Luna, who came to see her as an older sister figure, and developed romantic feelings for Yusei, as displayed by how she would always get easily worked up whenever he was in some sort of danger [4] .
 
 Abilities 
 Akiza's powers are that of a  Psychic Duelist . These psionic ability enables her to materialize  monsters  and  effects  of  Duel Monsters  cards. Akiza originally despised her  Mark of the Dragon , believing it to be the cause of her unwanted power and even noted it as a "wretched mark." She later changed her opinion after her second Duel with Yusei, who believed it to have brought the other Signers together as friends. While not fully explained in the Japanese version, in the English dub,  Commander Koda  states that Akiza's powers are derived from  telekinesis , indicating that she can also mentally manipulate physical targets. During  Luna  and  Leo 's Duel against  Lester , it was revealed that Akiza can also see spirits, like Luna.
 Her capacities are exceptionally strong compared to other such users as  Sayer  noted that her powers exceed even those of the  Dark Signers  and has yet to realize her true potential. The full strength of her abilities and directly related to her psyche and emotional drive. This becomes more apparent after Dueling against  Yusei  in the  Fortune Cup  when she became conflicted by the respective views of Yusei and Sayar.
 Initially Akiza had little control of her incredibly strong powers. She uses a special hairpin ("energy stabilizer" in the English dub), to help restrain them. When she completely loses control, the pin gets flung off and her powers increase. After her second Duel with Yusei, she began gaining proper control of them, stopping herself from harming  her father . Since then, her control continued to improve, able to, much like Sayer, manifested her cards outside of a Duel and likewise control her manifestation's actions beyond aimless attacking, such as using her " Rose Tentacles " to rescue Yusei. She can also chose to not physically manifest her cards as during her first  Turbo Duel , she didn't cause any real harm to  Trudge . 
 After  Team Catastrophe  caused her to crash, her psychic abilities disappeared. At first, Akiza felt uneasy about this, but ultimately realized she did not need special abilities to help people. Ultimately, however, her powers returned after her Duel against  Sherry , instinctively manifesting "Black Rose Dragon" to protect herself,  Crow  and Sherry from falling rubble. In that instance, it also displayed the ability to heal wounds. Akiza also states "Black Rose Dragon" protecting them to be her monster's will.
 
 Etymology 
 Her Japanese name, "Aki" has multiple meanings but the most prominent ones are "autumn" and "emptiness", with the former refers to her connection with plant and the latter to her loneliness. "Izayoi" means "sixteen-day-old moon" in Japanese. A sixteen-day-old moon has just passed its fullest phase, so it is at this point that its brightness begins to decline. This is a reference to her age of sixteen at the start of the series.
 Her dub name is a westernization of her Japanese name. However, the name Akiza could possibly be a nod Greek Name "Acantha" which means "thorn", referring to her connection with plants. Alternately, it may be a nod to Hebrew Name "Akiva" which means to protect.
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Akiza, aged 8 [5]     
 Akiza was raised in  New Domino City . Her father,  Hideo  was unable to spend as much time with her as he would have liked, due to his work as senator. [6] 
 One day, Akiza fell asleep waiting for her father to come home for her birthday. When he got home, Hideo carried her off to bed and left a present next to her. The next day, Akiza opened the  Lord of the Storm  present and thanked her father. She wanted to Duel Hideo but was unable to as promised, due to the fact he had to leave for work and wouldn't return for a month. This caused Akiza to storm off crying that she hated him (in the dub, she told him to never come back). [6] 
 Hideo eventually managed to make time for a Duel. After being interrupted by his cellphone, Hideo had to cancel the Duel and leave. Akiza got upset and continued the Duel in a fury, causing her  powers  and  mark  to manifest and appear for the first time. Hideo was injured in the process. Confused and scared, Akiza approaches her father asking for help, but is called a monster and told to stay back, causing her to cry. He tries to apologize, but Akiza is already stung by these words. [6] 
 Akiza became distanced from other children, due to her abilities. She once Summoned a " Gigaplant " using her powers and set it on a group of other children. Hideo slapped her as punishment. Akiza believed to have deserved this, because she is a "monster" (the slap is cut from the dub). [6] 
 
         Akiza after causing an accident at  Duel Academy .     
 Akiza gained entrance to a  Duel Academy . Her parents hoped someone there could teach her to control her powers. [6]  On May 15, Akiza harmed one of the boys at the Academy during a Duel, as she attacked him with " Violet Witch ". (In the dub, he was  Koda .) More incidents followed, causing Akiza to become feared in the Academy and not have any friends. [1] 
 She ran back home one day, only to find her parents living happily without her. As a response, Akiza used her psychic abilities to destroy her family's home and decided to continue living without them, believing that they never needed her or loved her as their only daughter. [6]  Akiza gained entrance in the Dueling underground and quickly made a name for herself. Her powers kept growing unchecked and hurt many on the battlefield. She eventually decided she could not handle the guilt anymore and created the "Black Rose" persona to deal with the rejection and terrorize the Duelists. [1] 
 
         Akiza as the Black Rose at  Daimon Area .     
 Akiza was eventually found by  Sayer , the leader of the  Arcadia Movement , an organization of  Psychic Duelists  that claims to have psychic abilities similar to Akiza's. [1]  He takes her in, proclaiming her to be the "future" of all psychic Duelists. Sayer hoped to use her to destroy  Rex Goodwin  and create an army of Psychic Duelists. [7] 
 Akiza meets another Psychic Duelist,  Toby Tredwell  at Duel Academy. Toby idolized Akiza and asked what he should do to be like her. She told him that he should listen to Sayer. Sayer, however, kills Toby while testing him and left his body at the  Daimon Area  (in the dub he was sent to an unknown location). Unbeknownst to Akiza, people came to believe he had been killed by damage caused by the Black Rose's powers, while watching her Dueling. [8] [9] 
 
 Fortune Cup 
 At the  Daimon Area  one day, Akiza was challenged by  Leo  and  Dexter . During this encounter Akiza sees  Yusei Fudo  and his own  Mark of the Dragon  for the first time. She expresses surprise to the fact that another individual also possesses such a mark, and after a brief confrontation, Akiza uses her mighty telepathic and telekinetic abilities to disappear in a powerful explosion and telling Yusei to leave her alone. [10] 
 Akiza is invited to participate in the  Fortune Cup .  Iliaster  arranges for her opponent,  Gill Randsborg  to expose her as a  Signer  and tells him that she is the Black Rose. Akiza proves her  psychic  powers as she cuts Randsborg on the cheek while Dueling. Akiza is exposed as the Black Rose, after Summoning " Black Rose Dragon ", prompting the crowd to cheer for Randsborg. However Akiza defeats Randsborg with her dragon, inflicting serious injury. Iliaster was unable to confirm her to be a Signer, as  Zigzix 's  D-Sensor  got no reading. [11] 
 Prior to Akiza's next Duel, she confesses to  Sayer  that she is reluctant to Duel, as she knows someone is going get hurt. Sayer assures her that any damage she inflicts is necessary for the  Arcadia Movement 's success; consequently, he also takes the mask Akiza had been using to Duel as the "Black Rose", claiming that she no longer needs to hide her beautiful face from the world. [1] 
 
         Akiza lets her  abilities  take over.     
 Akiza's next opponent in the Fortune Cup is the Duel Profiler,  Commander Koda , a mysterious man who attempts to confuse and manipulate Akiza with tragic insights from her dark past. After being pushed to her psychological limits, Akiza loses control and becomes even more unstable than usual. The pin-like object she uses to hold her hair and psychic powers in place falls off, leaving Akiza's long bangs trailing over her face, and an intense pink aura forms around her. Her birthmark activates as well, and Zigzix's D-Sensor finally gets a powerful reading. Ultimately, she claims victory and moves on to the tournament finals against Yusei. [1] 
 Before the Duel, the audience screams angrily at Akiza and demands that Yusei defeat her, despite their original dislike of him. Several of the spectators closest to the Duel flee after Akiza's ferocious  attack  on Yusei becomes a reality. After her first crippling attack against Yusei, he angrily exclaims that Akiza enjoys inflicting pain on others. With a mildly insane smile, Akiza gasps for breath and realizes that this was the hidden emotion that had been lying dormant within her; she replies that she is the "Black Rose", a fearful lady who delights in inflicting pain. However, she seems to accept this as her fate after the audience insults her again, screaming for her slaughter. However, Yusei isn't perturbed, and knows that the hidden emotion that he is looking for still remains locked deep inside of Akiza. [12] 
 
         Akiza's Black Rose mask breaks, as she Duels against  Yusei .     
 As the Duel between the two proceeds, Akiza Summons "Black Rose Dragon" and Yusei Summons " Stardust Dragon ". With the two Dragons pitted against each other, both Akiza and Yusei's dragon marks glow, along with those of  Luna  and  Jack Atlas . After being pressured by Yusei, Akiza reveals that she created an entirely new personality - one that loved destruction - that of the "Black Rose". She continues to add that she no longer needs to think, and that Sayer will do all her thinking for her - all she needs to do is live and feel. Akiza's hair pin gets flung off (which is said to hold her psychic powers in check), dons her mask and resumes attacking Yusei with newfound intensity. Ultimately, Yusei claims victory. Akiza's mask breaks in half and she begins to cry begging for his help. Before Yusei can say anything, Sayer intervenes and gently guides Akiza out of the arena, leaving the enraged spectators screaming their obscenities to Akiza (in the dub, she is heard saying "thank you, Yusei"). [13] 
 She's then taken back to the Arcadia Headquarters mobile and placed in a tank to help her recover from the Duel. When Jack and Yusei battle it out her mark glows and she is transported to a different dimension where she witnesses  Satellite  be destroyed by a spider geoglyph. [14] 
 
 Dark Signers 
 Akiza's empathic, telepathic and telekinetic abilities began to weaken. [15] 
 Akiza's mark starts to throb as  Yusei  Duels  Kalin , although she is not present at the Duel. She realizes that this is related to the vision they witnessed during the  Fortune Cup . After Yusei nearly loses, her mark stops glowing, causing her to worry for him. [16] 
 After a practice Duel,  Sayer  speaks with Akiza, telling her that only he can help her and Yusei will not come and save her. [15]  While Sayer tests  Leo  to see if he possesses  Psychic Dueling  powers, after abducting him and his companions, Akiza explains to  Luna  that Sayer wants to determine if Leo possesses any sort of ability like her. After the Duel ends with Sayer's victory, Akiza assures Luna that her brother isn't in danger as the Duel was just a test. She tells Luna that the  Arcadia Movement  will be her new home, as Akiza doesn't wish for Luna to become feared and abandoned by others because of her powers. [15] [17] 
 While Akiza is searching for Sayer,  Misty Tredwell , the sister of  Toby , engages in a  Shadow Duel  with her. During the Duel, Misty accuses Akiza of being responsible for the death of her brother and reveals she is there seeking revenge and that she is a  Dark Signer . Misty manages to Summon her " Earthbound Immortal ", who she says sent her to destroy the servant of " Black Rose Dragon" . Meanwhile  Carly  finishes her Duel with Sayer, sending him falling the entire length of the Arcadia Movement building with Akiza looking in horror. Misty postpones the Duel as the building collapses. A piece of debris hits Akiza, knocking her out. [18] 
 
         Akiza controls her  psychic powers  for the first time.     
 Jack Atlas  saves Akiza while looking for Carly and takes her to  Domino Hospital . Akiza is left in a coma.  Her   parents  visit her and feel guilty for how they treated her. Jack tells them that Yusei may be able to save their daughter. Yusei is able to wake her up, but with Sayer gone Akiza convinces herself that she doesn't have a "place". She refuses Yusei's help and plans to rid everyone of their "place". Yusei Duels her, believing it to be the only way to reach out to her. As the Duel progresses, Akiza's powers go beyond her control. As Akiza's father stands in front of Yusei to protect him, Akiza manages to gain control of her powers and protect her father from getting hit. Akiza comes to forgive her parents and tells Yusei to end the Duel. [6] [19] 
 After the Duel, she becomes friends with Yusei and decides to help the  Signers . She is shown by  Mina Simington  the Arcadia Movement acts involving kidnapped children and experimenting upon them. It's then that she suspects that the organization itself might have actually be involved with the death of Misty´s little brother. Finally, Mina reveals to her Sayer´s true motives involving the choosing of some selected psychic individuals with heightened abilities and the planned use of them as soldiers, one of them being Akiza [7] 
 Akiza and the other Signers are invited by  Rex Goodwin  to his house to learn more about the Signers and Dark Signers. Goodwin tells them that the  Crimson Dragon  influenced the events in the Signers lives so that they would all meet one day and if it weren't for her powers, she would have never met Yusei and the other Signers. He tells the Signers that they are people chosen by the Crimson Dragon and are the reincarnations of the original Signers. [7] 
 The Signers along with Leo and Mina take a helicopter piloted by  Trudge  to  Satellite  to face the Dark Signers. In Satellite they meet up with  Martha . Seeing Akiza there, Martha notices that Yusei was able to open her closed heart.  Roman  interrupts them during dinner, imposing a Duel. Akiza accompanies Yusei as he Duels Roman. She notices some boys at the scene of the Duel and worries that they will be sacrificed to Summon an "Earthbound Immortal". She warns Martha and Trudge about this, prompting them to help save the boys. [20] 
 After Yusei and Roman's Shadow Duel, Akiza and the Signers are confronted by the Dark Signers. The four Signers split up, each going to one of the four control units of the Original  Ener-D  Reactor. Knowing that Misty is the one she must defeat, Akiza travels to the Lizard tower by car accompanied by Mina. Akiza and Mina arrive where the Tower is situated, in an old and abandoned carnival. As the two of them split up and go inside to look for the Dark Signer. Misty guides her into a House of Mirrors, where they commence their rematch. [8] [21] 
 
         Akiza Dueling  Misty .     
 Akiza is unable to see Misty directly and faces her reflection as they Duel. Through the Duel, Misty, who believes Akiza was responsible for her brother Toby's death, tells Akiza what she believes to be the story of how her brother died and how the news of the event, caused Misty to be hospitalized, leading her to be reborn as a Dark Signer. [8] 
 Tormented by the truth, Akiza loses the will to continue the Duel. However, Sayer appears to save her from landing on a shard of shattered glass. He proceeds to deviously manipulate her into awakening her powers as the Black Rose once again. Now more confident and destructive, Akiza doesn't even flinch, as she takes damage from Misty's  attacks . The Black Rose Summons " Black Rose Dragon ", who shatters every mirror in the vicinity. With all of the mirrors gone, the two of them now confront each other face-to-face. [8] 
 Akiza continues to Duel under the influence of Sayer, until Yusei tricks Sayer into telling the truth of what happened to Toby. This causes Misty to have " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua " devour Sayer, avenging her brother's death and relinquishing Sayer's influence from Akiza. Before Misty could surrender, the Earthbound Immortal possesses her.  While this occurs, Akiza who still appears to be in some kind of trance, finally snaps out of it, as she hears Yusei calling out for her. In the end, Akiza emerges victorious, causing Misty to vanish, knowing she's at peace. The captive souls of the "Ccarayhua" are set free and Misty's locket is left behind. Akiza picks it up and feels sorry for Misty. [9] 
 Akiza is unable to activate the last control unit before the sun sets, allowing the  King of the Netherworld  to be revived. As Akiza observes the Condor geoglyph appear in the sky, the King of the Netherworld emerges and makes its way to the condor. The Crimson Dragon appears and takes Akiza and her companions to Rex Goodwin's mansion. Goodwin reveals himself to be the final Dark Signer and attaches the arm of the fifth Signer to himself. He declares that a Shadow Turbo Duel will be held within Condor geoglyph as a ritual to welcome the King of the Netherworld. 
 As Yusei, Jack, and  Crow Hogan  accept the Duel in order to stop the resurrection of the King of the Netherworld, Akiza, Mina, Trudge, Leo, and Luna can at first only watch the Duel while supporting them. However, when " Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca " is Summoned, it tries to cheat by Summoning a flock of demonic black birds to attack Yusei, Jack, and Crow. Akiza and Luna are able to provide aid by Summoning "Black Rose Dragon" and " Ancient Fairy Dragon " to fight the horde [22] 
 After Yusei's victory, she sits at a cafe with Leo, Luna and Mina, they are apparently waiting for Yusei, Jack, and Crow. Here Akiza discusses Misty's last photo shoot in Paris, simultaneously laughing in amusement as Carly is flustered over her forgotten role in the prior events, as well as rejoicing in the number of lives saved. [22] 
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
         Akiza at  Duel Academy .     
 Akiza returns to  Duel Academy  and enrolls into the high school division and becomes the best student in her division overall. Hearing that  Leo  and  Luna 's class is going to get removed from the school and the students will be expelled, she enters their class and tries to stop the expulsion, arguing in her statement that having low  Level   monsters  doesn't mean that you are weak and foolish, and she would absolutely never forgive any adult for taking advantage of children at all. After  Yusei  interrupts, she watches and cheers for him in his Duel against  Rudolph Heitmann . [23] 
 
         Akiza as a  Turbo Duelist     
 Later, Yusei gets kidnapped by a corporation seeking to coerce him into competing in the  World Racing Grand Prix  for them. Akiza was intent on rescuing him. After receiving a tip off from  Elsworth  on Yusei's location, she and  Mina  find him trapped in the back of a remote controlled truck. Using her powers, Akiza Summons " Rose Tentacles " and has it break open the truck and proceeds to leap on herself. Although reluctant at first, she gets on the back of Yusei's Duel Runner and the two of them jump off to escape. [4]  A female Turbo Duelist named  Sherry LeBlanc  appears and forces Yusei into a Turbo Duel with Akiza still on the back of his Runner.  Boss  and his goons attempt to kill the Duelists by dropping a truck on top of them, but Akiza plays Yusei's " Stardust Dragon " causing it to appear as a real monster and hold up the truck. [24] 
 
         Akiza on her  Duel Runner .     
 Intrigued by Sherry's words about the uniqueness of Turbo Dueling, Akiza became interested in becoming a Turbo Duelist. Her friends construct her a Duel Runner, the  Bloody Kiss . As she trains, she is mocked by the male students. Yusei helps her train, including taking her skating to work on her balance. Leo and Luna debate on whether that was a date or not as they watch. [25] 
 After passing the initial tests, her final test is a Duel against  Trudge . In addition to being new to " Speed Spells ", Trudge is harsh on the course and easily stops her " Black Rose Dragon " on the first  turn . The male students from earlier detonate a trap, causing a frame holding back large pipes to collapse and spill in her direction. Using what she learned from Yusei she dodges the pipes and defeats Trudge. Sherry watched the whole thing and was impressed. Yusei and friends welcome her to the world of Turbo Dueling. [25] 
 After her exam, she continues practicing with Yusei on her Turbo Dueling. [26]  During Luna and Leo's Duel with  Lester , her mark begins to glow.  Realizing that Luna was Dueling and that something wasn't right, she, Yusei,  Crow , and Jack decide to look for her. Once they find her, they all notice that she's Dueling with Leo against someone using a creature similar to the one Yusei Dueled against. [27] 
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Akiza later joins  Team 5D's  as a substitute, and decides to support her friends throughout the  World Racing Grand Prix . When  Crow  is injured while training for the WRGP and must sit the first round out, Akiza takes his place on the team. Crow is a little upset at first, but eventually warms up to it, to the point that she receives a call from him so that she can practice. On the day of the first round, after  Jack  had lost against  Andre , Akiza becomes nervous before her Duel begins. In response to that,  Yusei  points out that her parents have come to see her  Turbo Duel  and that she is not alone like before. Yusei gives her his " Stardust Dragon ", and believes that she can use it well. Akiza commences her Duel, but Andre is able to drastically reduce her  Life Points . Despite being pushed into a corner, Akiza is able to Summon not only her " Black Rose Dragon ", but also Yusei's "Stardust Dragon". Ultimately, Andre succeeded in countering her moves, but before he could claim victory, Akiza used the remainder of her Life Points to bring back "Stardust Dragon" for Yusei to use.
 While training for the next round against  Team Catastrophe , she found herself in the same situation that Crow,  Jean  and Andre were before they crashed. Reacting quickly, she tried to use " Rose Tentacles ", augmented by  her powers , to try to escape the situation, but to her shock, she discovered that she couldn't use her powers at all. Inevitably, as a result, her Duel Runner is damaged and she loses consciousness. 
 Sometime later, while Yusei is fighting against  Primo , Akiza finally awakes due to the severe thunderstorm caused by Primo. She then remembers what happened and concludes that her powers have mysteriously vanished. While there in the  hospital , because of her mark, she becomes aware of Yusei fighting, while she helps  Haluna , who is afraid of the thunder hitting the city. Later, when the storm is amplified due to a tornado caused by Primo, the intense wind causes the hospital's windows to break and Haluna gets caught up in it. Thinking that she could save her easily if she could use her powers, she eventually reminds herself of her former view of them and decides to help Haluna on her own. After successfully rescuing her, she finally understands that her powers are not necessary to help people. Akiza in the end concludes that she doesn't need that "cursed power" anymore.
 After Yusei wins his Duel against Primo, she is with the other members of Team 5D's, discussing the matter of the  Three Pure Nobles . She later assists in luring out  Lazar  to gain information on them. When Lazar shows them a Turbo  Duel Puzzle  to access a database Akiza completes the first puzzle after Lazar had failed. She is seen as part of the pit crew once Crow has his arm healed, supporting her teammates through their victories against  Team Taiyo  and  Team Ragnarok  and appears with Yusei, Jack, and Crow to confront and compliment the teams. Akiza and the twins help  Carly  in her report about Team 5D's recalling the events that brought them together only to have it ruined when  Stephanie  accidentally spilt coffee all over Carly's computer.
 During Yusei's Duel with  Aporia , Akiza, along with the rest of Team 5D's, is transported to the Nobles' visions of the future. She watches as the power of  Synchro Summoning  and  Ener-D  become too powerful over years of abuse, creating a second  Zero Reverse  event that resulting in the  Meklord Emperor Genocide . After returning to the present, she is conflicted as to whether what she just saw was the truth or not, but continues to believe in Yusei and the future she and her friends are trying to create.
 
 Ark Cradle 
 Akiza and the rest of  Team 5D's  accompany  Yusei  on his assault on the  Divine Temple . When the gang gets split into three groups due to  Z-one 's trap, she travels with  Crow  to the center of the structure. When  Sherry  appears before them, the two of them Duel her. Sherry plays her " Ecole de Zone "  Field Spell , separating them. After struggling for a few turns, Akiza sees through Sherry's trick and with Crow's help successfully Summons her " Black Rose Dragon ", using its effect to destroy the Field Spell. She is reunited with Crow, but Sherry fights back by using " Z-ONE " to  activate  " Soul-Binding Gate ".
 Because of the  effect  of the new Field Spell all three of them receive  damage , with Akiza on the verge of being defeated. Crow saves her from defeat, and Akiza returns the favor by saving him from a  direct attack  from Sherry's " Sorciere de Fleur " and helping win the Duel. During the Duel, Sherry reveals to them that she wishes to create a world where everyone gets to be with their family, herself included. Crow was hesitant to continue fighting when he saw a few orphans from the Satellite in the vision, but Akiza quickly reminds him that millions of people will die if they let Sherry and Z-one destroy  New Domino City . She also tells him that as long as he believes in the future, anything can be done. With his conviction returned, they continue the Duel. Sherry is defeated, however because the cards in the Duel are real her "Soul-Binding Gate" crumbles and is about to fall on her. Both Akiza and Crow try to save her, but Akiza's "Black Rose Dragon" who is still materialized saves them. Akiza had wished to save Crow and Sherry, which " Black Rose Dragon " responded to. "Black Rose Dragon" also heals them before disappearing, leading Crow to speculate that true psychic power heals. Akiza and Crow then convince Sherry to join their cause. 
 
         Akiza being healed by her powers.     
 When Yusei begins to Duel  Antinomy , Akiza's mark glows and she senses that something is wrong. After Yusei defeats him the door to the Support Gear opens, allowing Akiza, Crow, and Sherry to pass. They reunite with Yusei and the others, and Akiza notices that  Vizor  was not there with them. When she asks Yusei where he is, Yusei tells them his true identity was Bruno, a friend of Z-one who died to save Yusei. They move to the main support gear, where they find Z-one, and Aporia, who appears a few moments later. When Aporia tries to reason with Z-one, he reveals that Z-one also had hope for the future and hope for Team 5D's, which surprises Akiza greatly.
 Later, upon Aporia's loss and realizing the power of Z-one's  Deck , she gives Yusei her "Black Rose Dragon" in order to help him in the Duel. Like everyone else, Akiza becomes shocked to see Z-one's true face when it is unveiled by Yusei's attack. After Yusei defeats Z-one and the  Divine Temple  disappears, Akiza begins to cry over his apparent death, but later rejoices when he reappears over the horizon.
 
 Team 5D's future 
         Akiza visits  Haluna  in hospital.     
 Over the few months after  Z-one 's defeat,  Team 5D's  began to see less of each other. Akiza visited  Haluna  in the hospital coming up to her discharge date to congratulate Haluna on her recovery. Haluna thanked her, but Akiza insisted that  the doctor  deserved more thanks. Coming up to her graduation, Akiza was the number one student at  Duel Academy , so her friends thought that she might join a pro league. However, Akiza considered studying medicine abroad but was uncertain if she should do that or stay in New Domino with her friends. [28] 
 Akiza attended a  dinner party  for Team 5D's, hosted by  Yusei . At the party, she got mad at  Crow  for assuming that she wanted to join a pro league. Everyone fell into silence when they learned that all of them were considering leaving the city.  Jack  then arrived at the party and announced that he wanted to become King again, even if it meant breaking Team 5D's bonds. In order to gain insight into what to do in their futures, Yusei challenged Jack to a Duel while everyone else watched. [28] 
 During the Duel, Akiza reflected on how Yusei had always protected her. Seeing him finally fighting to himself after always fighting for other people, Akiza aspired to become more independent. [29]  When the Duel concluded, 
 Akiza told Yusei that she had made up her mind and was going to study abroad. Everyone on the team except Yusei also decided to 
leave the city. [30] 
 
         Akiza says goodbye to  Yusei .     
 As Akiza packed to leave for medical school, her parents suggested that she say goodbye properly to Yusei after all the support he had given her. After confirming that nobody else was around, began thanking Yusei. She seemed to want to tell Yusei something, but appeared to change her mind, and ended up saying that she was glad to have met him. She then admitted to thinking Yusei was a scary person when they first met. Yusei laughed and said he felt the same about her and had worried about what would happen if he had lost to her in the  Fortune Cup . Akiza was slightly taken aback, but Yusei reminded her to smile. They held hands and Yusei complimented her smile, which Akiza credited him for putting on her face. The two parted shortly afterwards. [30] 
 The next day, Akiza met up with the rest of Team 5D's on the highway for a final ride together. Akiza, while looking at Yusei, chooses not to say good-bye and instead promises herself to return someday. As they did so, the  Crimson Dragon  appeared and relinquished their  Marks of the Dragon , as their duties as  Signers  had been completed. At the end of the run, everyone high-fived Yusei and went down separate paths. [30] 
 
         Akiza as a doctor.     
 Over the next eight years, [31]  Akiza becomes a high-ranking doctor at a hospital in an unknown city, still recalling her days with Team 5D's. After a nurse bursts into her office, crying that she couldn't do something, Akiza advised her that she mustn't give up and they must both continue to smile and support their patients. The nurse asked how she was so strong and Akiza credited her strength to Yusei telling her to believe in and challenge her potential. [30] 
 
 Relationships 
 Yusei Fudo 
         Yusei  and Akiza in  Future Colors .     
 Akiza has shown a strong connection to  Yusei , being thankful that he helped her gain acceptance of who she is. Of all the  Signers , Akiza feels closest to Yusei, as he helped her overcome her self-doubt and proved to her that she could change and make friends, despite everyone else she ever encountered telling her otherwise. Thus, occasionally, Akiza is teased about being jealous or protective of Yusei, which tends to cause her to be threatening or annoyed and even dodge the subject. She was also upset when Yusei ignored her due to spending time with Bruno. [4] [32]   Leo  and  Luna  have also debated about her and Yusei's relationship when they were skating, as they both eventually thought it was a date. [25]  Before Yusei fights against  Bruno  in the  Divine Temple , Akiza seems to be the only one to feel something is wrong through her  mark . [33]  Akiza became a  Turbo Duelist  in order to understand him better. [25] 
 Furthermore, Yusei has displayed protectiveness and care for Akiza. He was the only one who continued fighting for her and believed that she was a good person at heart who had been mistreated her whole life. [13]  He was determined to make her his friend, despite her destructive and maniacal nature, and eventually. she let go of her anger and made friends with him. [19]  After making friends with Yusei, Akiza began to trust people better and be more open to others. [7]  Yusei has also demonstrated that he has a considerable amount of trust in her, as seen when he gives her his " Stardust Dragon ". [34] 
 After Yusei's defeat of  Z-one  and the disappearance of the Divine Temple, Akiza and the others teared up presuming Yusei had died. However, she was the first of the group to notice Yusei flying back and began crying tears of happiness. [35]  Six months later, after her decision to study abroad in Germany, she visits Yusei in the garage late at night to say goodbye to him. She tells Yusei that she is happy to have met him. Yusei and Akiza talk briefly before Yusei takes her hands into his and reminds her to never stop smiling, adding that she has the most beautiful smile in the world. They then gaze into each other's eyes before parting shortly afterwards. She also intended to meet him again sometime by her words in the 8 years pass time-skip. [30] 
 In the dub, characters are blunter in terms of pointing out her feelings for Yusei, such as  Jack  outright saying she was in love with Yusei, [4]  or Sayer accusing her of liking Yusei. [15] 
 
 Sayer 
 In the beginning, Akiza did whatever  Sayer  said and was obsessed with him, believing her heart to be rightly guided by him and that she wants to let Sayer think for her. [12] [13]  After meeting  Yusei , she begins to question Sayer, and was shown to visibly not be happy when Sayer had said Yusei couldn't save her. [17]  Her struggle to stay loyal to Sayer is further shown, as she didn't like how Sayer harmed  Leo  in the Duel, and felt like she was being used as a billboard during a conversation with Sayer. [36]  She was devastated at seeing Sayer fall to his supposed death. [18] 
  Even after finding out Sayer's true motives and that she had been used all along, she still valued him for accepting her even if it was just for her abilities [7]  and was deeply happy when she realized Sayer was alive. [8]  It is unknown how she feels about him after the Dark Signer arc, or if she could still see him in the same light, the latter of which seems unlikely as she was deeply disturbed after seeing footage of the morbid experiments performed on Sayer's orders.
 Given Sayer's eventual arrest after his revival it is implied the two never meet again.
 
 Leo and Luna 
 After the  Dark Signers  event, she spends a lot of time with  Leo  and  Luna , even going to the same  school . [23]  The twins have been very supportive of her and look up towards her as their surrogate big sister; and in turn, she cares for them as well like they were her little brother and sister.
 
 Crow Hogan 
 It wasn't until Season 2 that  Crow  and Akiza started interacting with each other. When Crow breaks his arm before the first preliminary match against  Team Unicorn , Akiza offers to take his place until he gets better. Crow was against the idea at first but eventually started giving her personal training on her  Duel Runner . [37]  Because of this, the two have bonded and have become good friends. Their friendship allowed for great teamwork and victory in their Duel against  Sherry . [38] 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In  Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Demons , Akiza sits with  Leo  and  Luna  in the Duel Stadium, as they observe  Yusei  and  Jack  in a Duel King Title Match. Here, she is friendly to the twins, as well as supportive of Yusei.
 
 Other appearances 
 Akiza Izinski (manga) Akiza Izinski ( BAM ) Akiza Izinski ( Decade Duels ) Akiza Izinski ( Duel Arena ) Akiza Izinski ( Duel Links ) Akiza Izinski (Duel Terminal) Akiza Izinski ( Duel Transer ) Akiza Izinski ( Online ) Akiza Izinski ( Tag Force ) Akiza Izinski ( Wheelie Breakers ) Akiza Izinski ( World Championship ) 
 Decks 
         Some of Akiza's  monsters .     
 Standing 
 Akiza uses a  Plant  Deck , primarily focused on  Synchro Summoning  her  signature card , " Black Rose Dragon ", supporting it through cards such as " Blue Rose Dragon " and " Thorn of Malice ". She also focuses a large amount of cards on  returning  it to her  Extra Deck  or cards which allow her to  Synchro Summon  it again, allowing her to continuously use its  effect  to  destroy  every card on the  field , such as " Shining Rebirth " and " Synchro Back ". Akiza mainly focuses on inflicting large amounts of  effect damage , but with varying strategies. Her primary tactic is to use cards such as " Rose Flame " or " Rose Tentacles " to take advantage of supplying her opponent with  Plant - Type   monsters  through " Black Garden " or " Wall of Ivy ", also using " Ivy Shackles " as a contingency. 
 
 
 Standing Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Rose Dragon 
 Crystal Rose Spirit 
 Dark Verger 
 Evil Thorn  x3 
 Hedge Guard  x2 
 Lord Poison 
 Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis 
 Phoenixian Seed 
 Rose Fairy 
 Rose Tentacles 
 Violet Witch 
 Wall of Ivy 
 Gemini monsters 
 Gigaplant [Notes 1] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Copy Plant 
 Twilight Rose Knight 
 Witch of the Black Rose Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Black Garden 
 Closed Plant Gate 
 Fragrance Storm 
 Ivy Shackles [Notes 2] 
 Magic Planter 
 Mark of the Rose 
 Seed of Deception 
 Shining Rebirth 
 Thorn of Malice 
 Vengeful Servant 
 Wonder Clover 
 Traps 
 Crystal Veil 
 Cursed Ivy 
 Dimension Reversion 
 Doom Petal Countdown 
 Doppelganger 
 Ground Capture 
 Illusion Destruction 
 Nature's Reflection 
 Overdoom Line 
 Rose Blizzard 
 Rose Curse 
 Rose Flame 
 Synchro Back 
 Synchro Spirits 
 Synchro Stream 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Wicked Reborn 
 Turbo 
 Akiza mainly focuses on a  burn  strategy with her Turbo Deck, utilizing cards such as " Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis " and " Blossom Bombardment " to inflict large amounts of  damage  to her opponent. She also is more flexible in terms of  Synchro Summon , being able to Synchro Summon both her " Black Rose Dragon " and  Yusei 's " Stardust Dragon " during the  World Racing Grand Prix  in one  turn .
 
 
 Turbo Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Verger 
 Lord Poison 
 Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis 
 Phoenixian Seed 
 Revival Rose 
 Rose Fairy 
 Rose Tentacles [Notes 3] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Copy Plant [Notes 4] 
 Glow-Up Bulb 
 Twilight Rose Knight 
 Witch of the Black Rose Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Splendid Rose 
 Stardust Dragon [Notes 5] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Angel Baton 
 Speed Spell - Summon Speeder 
 Speed World 2 
 Traps 
 Blossom Bombardment 
 Half Counter 
 Offensive Guard 
 Star Siphon 
 Wicked Reborn 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Hideo 
 40 
 No result (flashback)
 
 
 Commander Koda  (Dub only) 
 22 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Sayer 
 40 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Unknown Duelist 
 14 
 No result
 
 
 Gill Randsborg 
 16 
 Win
 
 
 Commander Koda 
 22 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 23 - 24 
 Lose
 
 
 Misty Tredwell 
 38 - 39 
 No result
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 40 - 41 
 Lose
 
 
 Misty Tredwell 
 60 - 61 
 Win
 
 
 Tetsu Trudge 
 75 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 77 
 Not shown
 
 
 Andre 
 99 
 Lose
 
 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 115 
 Win ( Duel Puzzle )
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 139 - 140 
 Win (with  Crow Hogan )
 
 Trivia 
 Akiza has the following distinctions from the other female leads:
 She is the only one to not make her debut in the first episode of her series. 
 She is the only one to have any supernatural powers (in this case, her psychic powers). 
 Akiza shares several similarities to  Yuri .
 Both belong to a group that includes the show's  main   protagonist  and features a group of dragons as the members'  ace monsters . 
 Both use Plant Decks, with an Extra Deck-based Dragon monster serving as their ace monster (" Black Rose Dragon " for the former and " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " for the latter).
 Their ace monsters also possess an effect that can manipulate ATK, as well as an effect that can destroy cards on the field by sacrificing themselves. 
 Both were taken in at a young age for their powers to be used. 
 Both were used by an antagonist ( Sayer  for the former and  Leo Akaba  for the latter) for their own agendas while often being disliked by others. 
 Both were antagonistic and sadistic individuals at first, but were eventually redeemed and became allies to the main protagonist. 
 Akiza bears a striking resemblance to  Kallen Kōzuki  from  Code Geass  both sport a crimson theme as well as a similar hairstyle. Personality-wise they are not exact, but similar since they try to isolate themselves from the present society during the story and are hostile to the people they perceive as enemies. They also have possible romantic feelings for the main protagonists of their respective series. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 22: " The Profiler " 
 
 ↑   -OZONE- 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's: Character File : Akiza Izinski's profile  (Japanese) 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 71: " French Twist, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   settei  ８歳のアキ 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   6.4   6.5   6.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 40: " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   7.3   7.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 42: " The Signs of Time " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   8.2   8.3   8.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 60: " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 61: " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 14: " Bloom of the Black Rose " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 16: " Battle with the Black Rose " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 23: " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   13.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 24: " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 26: " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   15.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 36: " Supersensory Shakedown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 35: " Dark Signs, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 37: " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 39: " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 41: " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 45: " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 47: " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  22.0   22.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 64: " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; no text was provided for refs named  ep 67 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 72: " French Twist, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   25.2   25.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 75: " Acceleration " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 77: " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 78: " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 152: " An Advancing Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 153: " Clashing Souls! " 
 
 ↑  30.0   30.1   30.2   30.3   30.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 154: " Shining Forth to the Future " 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  katsuono ( Katsumi Ono ) at 22:27, March 31, 2011 (GMT) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 80: " The Super Genius " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 143: " The Miracle of Life, Life Stream Dragon!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 99: " Trouble for Team 5D’s " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 151: " Converging Wishes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 38: " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 97: " Natural Instincts, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 140: " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " 
 
 [1] 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was used in a flashback in  episode 40 . 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Spell Card . It is a  Trap Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card was Summoned in  episode 104  to protect her from falling off of her  Duel Runner , but failed as her powers didn't work. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in Akiza's hand in  episode 99 . 
 
 ↑   This card was lent to her by  Yusei Fudo  and was present in her  Deck  only in  episode 99 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Akiza Izinski  (Aki Izayoi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Card 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  characters Main 
 Paradox 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Yugi Muto 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji) 
 Pharaoh 
 Yubel 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua, Rua) 
 Luna (Luca, Ruka) 
 JumBANG! 
 Akina Minami 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 Yoshiyuki Hirai 
 
 
 ↑   Deutsche Synchronkartei:  Victoria Frenz 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Akiza_Izinski.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160620134315', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Akiza_Izinski%27s_Lineart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090101152225', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Aki_Izayoi_Comparison.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120402093348', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Young_Aki.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/120?cb=20080828163407', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/5Dx022_DA_Accident.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090602183956', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Black_Rose_Witch.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120401043559', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Aki_with_her_hair_down.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080905203045', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Broken_masked%2C_unclipped_Akiza.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080915205743', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/APP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20101006092203', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/YGO5Ds060.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160304192445', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/New_uniform_Aki.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20090701182825', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Akiza_in_her_runner_suit.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20120404010637', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/AkiAnimeDuelRunner.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120404010313', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/Akiza_Psychic_Heal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110427225220', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/5Dx152_Akiza_visits_Haruka.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110325235010', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/5Dx154_Yusei_and_Aki.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110402022811', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/5Dx154_Dr._Aki.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110402022821', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Yugioh5Dending5.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120114211933', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Aki_manga.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20121118174325', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/BAM-Akiza_Izinski.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/170?cb=20130113083708', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Akiza_Izinski-Decade_Duels.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130815220351', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/AkizaIzinski-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150131230026', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/AkizaIzinski-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/138?cb=20181030065500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/AkizaIzinskiDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930141339', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Akiza_Izinski-YDT1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130814171517', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/Akiza_Izinski-Online.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20130815205051', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Aki-TF06-Ending-2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20111014015230', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/Akiza-WB01.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130914220629', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Akiza_Izinski-WC10.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130812004044', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/Roses_lineart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110822233103']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Characters, Akiza Izinski pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters