Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Signer_Kalin_Kessler


 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Gaze of Demise Darkness Descends 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Diraison 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuki Ono 
 
 
 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Kalin Kessler , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 He first appeared in the  Mark of the Dark Signer  event on May 23rd, 2019 as a roaming Duelist.
 He is exclusive to the  special event   Raid Duel - The Flames of Vengeance: Ccapac Apu , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event. However, as of January 14, 2020, he is now unlockable via Character Unlock missions.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 
 
 3.3   Raid Duel 
 
 3.3.1   Level 100 
 3.3.2   Level 200 
 3.3.3   Level 300 
 3.3.4   Level 400 
 3.3.5   Level 500 
 3.3.6   Level 1000 
 
 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 
 5.1   Main release 
 
 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-Specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As a  Dark Signer , Kalin has the Mark of the Giant. In "happier" times, Kalin teamed up with  Yusei  and  Jack  to form the Enforcers - the most powerful Dueling team in the  Satellite . When he was captured by  Sector Security , he mistakenly blamed Yusei for his imprisonment. With his zero-card handless combo, Kalin used " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " to punish Yusei for his misdeeds
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Dark Signer Kalin Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Dark King of the Abyss  x3 
 Mabarrel 
 Madjinn Gunn  x3 
 Meda Bat  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Raimei  x2 
 Yami 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Handless Strategy Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Midnight Fiend  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gren, Tactician of Dark World 
 Infernity Dwarf  x3 
 Infernity Randomizer  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon Spells   &  Traps  (7) 
 Traps 
 Damage Translation  x2 
 Infernity Inferno  x2 
 Limit Impulse 
 Phantom Hand  x2 
 Raid Duel 
 Level 100 
 
 Handless Combo Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Madjinn Gunn  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gren, Tactician of Dark World 
 Infernity Dwarf  x3 
 Infernity Randomizer  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (7) 
 Traps 
 Damage Translation  x2 
 Infernity Inferno  x2 
 Limit Impulse 
 Phantom Hand  x2 
 Level 200 
 
 Shroud of the Night Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Broww, Huntsman of Dark World 
 Gren, Tactician of Dark World 
 Infernity Knight  x3 
 Infernity Randomizer 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (9) 
 Traps 
 Damage Gate 
 Damage Translation  x2 
 Full Salvo 
 Infernity Inferno  x2 
 Limit Impulse 
 Phantom Hand  x2 
 Level 300 
 
 Gaze of Demise Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernity Beast  x2 
 Infernity Destroyer  x2 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity General  x2 
 Infernity Knight  x3 
 Infernity Mirage  x2 
 Infernity Randomizer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger 
 Infernity Beetle  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Foolish Burial 
 Infernity Launcher 
 Traps 
 Infernity Inferno 
 Infernity Reflector 
 Level 400 
 
 Darkness Descends Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Grepher  x2 
 Infernity Archer 
 Infernity Archfiend  x3 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity General  x2 
 Infernity Necromancer  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger 
 Infernity Beetle  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Foolish Burial 
 Infernity Launcher  x3 
 ZERO-MAX 
 Traps 
 Infernity Break 
 Level 500 
 
 Tributes to the Immortal Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Grepher  x2 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Infernity Archer 
 Infernity Archfiend  x2 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Necromancer  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger  x2 
 Infernity Beetle  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Foolish Burial 
 Infernity Launcher  x2 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor 
 ZERO-MAX 
 Traps 
 Damage Gate 
 Infernity Break 
 Level 1000 
 
 Earthbound Immortal Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Infernity Archer 
 Infernity Archfiend  x2 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Necromancer  x2 
 Infernity Randomizer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger  x2 
 Infernity Beetle  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Hundred Eyes Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Foolish Burial 
 Infernity Launcher  x2 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor  x2 
 Traps 
 Damage Gate 
 Infernity Break 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Infernity Mirage "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Infernity Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Infernity Beetle "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Infernity Patriarch "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Infernity Inferno "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Altar of the Bound Deity "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Phantom Hand "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Infernity Beast "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Wave-Motion Inferno "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Madjinn Gunn "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Witty Phantom "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Mabarrel "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Kalin Kessler reach a certain Level.
 
 Main release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 4
 
 Dark Tuning 100 (Skill)
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Dwarf "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Revival "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Seal of the Immortal (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Dwarf "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Avenger "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Memory Crusher "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Wave-Motion Inferno (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Revival "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Dwarf "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Guardian "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Dark Signer Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Earthbound Revival "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Break "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Necromancer "
 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Dark Tuning 100
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Infernity Avenger " to your Deck. Then, add 1 " Hundred Eyes Dragon " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Seal of the Immortal
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, " Earthbound Immortal " monsters cannot be destroyed by their own effect. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Wave-Motion Inferno
 
 If you have no cards in your hand, this skill increases the ATK/DEF of all " Infernity " monsters you control by 400.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Handless Combo 100
 
 Begin the Duel with 0 cards in your hand and " Hundred Eyes Dragon " on your side of the field.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Offerings
 
 Reveal 1 to 3 " Earthbound Immortal " monsters in your hand, then play an equal number of " Ceremonial Token  in Defense Position. You cannot Normal or Special Summon any monsters, except " Earthbound Immortal " monsters on the turn you use this Skill. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Charity
 
 Can be used if you control an " Earthbound Immortal " monster. Set 1 " Earthbound Whirlwind ", " Earthbound Wave ", or " Roar of the Earthbound " from outside your Deck.  This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fleeting Hand
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are at least 2000 less than the opponent's. Return 1 to 3 cards from your hand to your Deck. Then, apply 1 of the following effects, depending on the number of cards returned:
 1 Card: Place 1 "Infernity Archfiend" on top of your Deck from outside of your Deck.
 2 Cards: Play 1 "Infernity Necromancer" from outside of your Deck.
 3 Cards: Play 1 "Infernity Launcher" face-up from outside of your Deck.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 One-Card Wonder
 
 Your starting hand will contain only 1 card. Your normal draws in the Draw Phase become 2 cards. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains no cards other than the following cards (excluding the Extra Deck):
 "Infernity" cards 
 Cards that include "Infernity" in their card text 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Infernity Inferno
 
 Can be used on your 2nd turn. Discard up to 2 cards from your hand, then send an equal number of "Infernity" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Yami " activated.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Kalin announces "You don’t know how long I've been waiting for my revenge." followed by "It's a shame it'll be over so quickly. Hahahahaha!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kalin says "My dear old friend Yusei! You’re finished!" followed by "After what you did to me, this is sweet justice!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kalin says "This was not a satisfying ending." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When starting a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Kalin announces "Is it time for The Enforcers to ride again?" followed by "Hahahahahaha!" 
 Crow Hogan 
 When starting a Duel with  Crow Hogan , Kalin announces "I was once your friend, but I’m now your enemy!" followed by "And I'm back to unleash my wrath on this birdbrain!" 
 Card-Specific 
 Monsters 
 When Kalin summons " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu ", a cut-in frame of Kalin briefly appears, and he announces "Descend upon the world! Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu!". If that player hasn't already summoned "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Join the rest of the taken in the netherworld!" followed by "Ccapac Apu! Pound this pathetic peon into the darkness!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "You thought your monster protected you, but you were wrong! Ccapac Apu deals damage equal to your monster's attack!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Hundred Eyes Dragon ", he chants  "When the shadows are devoured by even darker shadows..."  followed by  "A world without light is revealed! Dark Synchro!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kalin briefly appears, and he announces "The Shadow of the Netherworld! Hundred-Eyes Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crush 'em, Hundred-Eyes Dragon!" followed by "Infinity Sight Stream!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Hundred-Eyes Dragon's effect!" followed by "It banishes a Dark Monster from my Graveyard to gain its effect!" 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Hahahahahaha! I can’t stop laughing!" followed by "By destroying my dragon, I get the Dark Signer's ace card!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Archer ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come out, Infernity Archer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Archer!" followed by "Infernity Crossbow!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Destroyer ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Join me, Infernity Destroyer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Destroyer attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "My hand's empty, so you take Infernity Destroyer's effect!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity General ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here’s Infernity General!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity General attacks!" followed by "Infernity Blade!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since I have no hand, Infernity General's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Earthbound Linewalker ", he announces "Give strength to my Immortal! Earthbound Linewalker"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Earthbound Linewalker attacks!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Archfiend ", he announces "Come, Infernity Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Archfiend!" followed by "Infernal Pressure!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I can Special Summon this card by showing it to you!" 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "And Infernity Archfiend's effect adds a card to my hand!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Avenger ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Infernity Avenger!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Avenger attack!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Avenger's effect activates from the Graveyard!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Beast ", he announces "Infernity Beast! Come here!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Infernity Beast!" followed by "Infernal Howling!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Beetle ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Infernity Beetle!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Infernity Beetle!" followed by "Beetle Blast!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Infernity Beetle's effect!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Dwarf ", he announces "Infernity Dwarf!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Infernity Dwarf!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Guardian ", he announces "Infernity Guardian!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Guardian! Attack!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Knight ", he announces "Infernity Knight!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Infernity Knight attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Knight's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Mirage ", he announces "Infernity Mirage!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Mirage attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "My hand's empty, so Infernity Mirage's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Necromancer ", he announces "Heh heh heh... Rise, Necromancer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Necromancer attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Necromancer is summoned, it switches to defense!" 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "My hand is empty, so I can activate Necromancer’s effect!” 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Patriarch ", he announces "Infernity Patriarch!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Patriarch attacks!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Randomizer ", he announces "Infernity Randomizer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Randomizer attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Randomizer's effect activates! 
 When Kalin summons " Vorse Raider ", he announces "Vorse Raider will get my revenge!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Vorse Raider!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kalin activates " Altar of the Bound Deity ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Altar of the Bound Deity!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "Altar of the Bound Deity's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin activates " Contaminated Earth ", he announces "My Trap activates! Contaminated Earth!" 
 When Kalin activates " Damage Translation ", he announces "How dare you! Just kidding." followed by "I activate my Trap! Damage Translation!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "During the end phase, Damage Translation's other effect!" followed by "I create a Ghost Token for every time I take effect damage!" 
 When Kalin activates " Depth Amulet ", he announces "I knew you’d do that! My Continuous Trap, Depth Amulet!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "I discard a card to activate Depth Amulet!" followed by "You can't attack!" 
 When Kalin activates " Earthbound Immortal Revival ", he announces "Hahahaha... This card will resurrect my Immortal!" followed by "The Spell Card, Earthbound Revival!" 
 When Kalin activates " Earthbound Wave ", he announces "That won't work against an Earthbound Immortal." followed by "I activate my Counter-Trap! Earthbound Wave!" 
 When Kalin activates " Earthbound Whirlwind ", he announces "Your lame tricks won't work against my Earthbound Immortal." followed by "The Spell Card, Earthbound Whirlwind!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Break ", he announces "Witness my handless combo! I activate Infernity Break!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Barrier ", he announces "My Counter-Trap activates! Infernity Barrier!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Force ", he announces "Don't mock my handless combo! Go, Infernity Force!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Inferno ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Infernity Inferno!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Launcher ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Infernity Launcher!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Kalin announces "Infernity Launcher's effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Kalin announces "My hand's empty, so I can use my Launcher's other effect!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Reflector ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Infernity Reflector!" 
 When Kalin activates " Into the Void ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card! Into the Void!" 
 When Kalin activates " Limit Impulse ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Limit Impulse!" followed by "I send 2 cards to the Graveyard to Summon 2 Soul Tokens!" 
 When Kalin activates " Offering to the Immortals ", he announces "Hahahahaha... Nice try!" followed by "I activate my Trap! Offerings to the Immortals!" 
 When Kalin activates " Passion of Baimasse ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap! Passion of Baimasse!" 
 When Kalin activates " Phantom Hand ", he announces "My handless combo begins!" followed by "My Continuous Trap! Phantom Hand!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "Phantom Hand's effect activates! My hand will be empty!" 
 When Kalin activates " Roar of the Earthbound Immortal ", he announces "Never mess with an Earthbound Immortal!" followed by "The Continuous Trap, Roar of the Earthbound!" 
 When Kalin activates " Wave-Motion Inferno ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Wave-Motion Inferno!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "I use Wave-Motion Inferno to send my hand to the graveyard!" 
 When Kalin activates " ZERO-MAX ", he announces "I have no cards in my hand, so I can activate ZERO - MAX!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Climber ", he announces "Infernity Climber!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Infernity Climber!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Climber's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Queen ", he announces "Infernity Queen!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Infernity Queen attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Queen's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Pawn ", he announces "Infernity Pawn!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Pawn attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Pawn's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Sage ", he announces "Infernity Sage!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Sage! Attack!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Sage's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Shield Bearer ", he announces "Infernity Shield Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Shield Bearer!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Shield Bearer's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Spear Bearer ", he announces "Infernity Spear Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Infernity Spear Bearer! Attack!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Spear Bearer's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin summons " Infernity Zero ", he announces "Infernity Zero!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Zero attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Zero's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kalin activates " Contract with the Void ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Contract With the Void!" 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Burst ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Infernity Burst!" 
 When Kalin activates " Revival of the Immortals ", he announces "Hahahaha... Fine, I'll resurrect my Earthbound Immortal." followed by "I activate my Trap! Revival of the Immortals!" 
 When Kalin activates " Speed World ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell! Speed World!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "I activate Speed World's effect!" 
 When Kalin activates " Speed World 2 ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell! Speed World 2!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "I activate Speed World 2's effect!" 
 Trivia 
 Kalin is the first  Dark Signer  to appear in-game. 
 When Kalin starts a Duel with  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinzki ,  Leo , and  Luna , he announces "Let the war between the Signers and the Dark Signers begin!"
 Kalin still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for  the Signers , even though he already has character-specific dialogue for Yusei, Crow, and Jack. 
 Yuma and Astral , Yusei Fudo,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo , Crow Hogan, Jack Atlas,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan , Leo,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) , Akiza Izinski,  Rex Goodwin , and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud ,  Jesse Anderson , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami , Jesse Anderson, Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler, Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo, are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 The Paradox Brothers , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, and Kalin Kessler are the characters who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with monster cards on the field, albeit at a significant cost. 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Arkana , Lumis and Umbra, Aigami,  Sera ,  Prana , Jesse Anderson,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar , Blair Flannigan, Yusei Fudo, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler, and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Kalin's dialogue for such cards include: " Infernity Climber ", " Infernity Queen ", " Infernity Pawn ", " Infernity Sage ", " Infernity Shield Bearer ",  " Infernity Spear Bearer ", " Infernity Zero ",  "Contract with the Void]]", " Infernity Burst ", " Speed World ", and " Speed World 2 ". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi , Arkana,  Yubel , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Tristan Taylor (DM)  - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Kalin Kessler  (Kyosuke Kiryu) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/DarkSignerKalinKessler-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/349?cb=20190604222641', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Profile-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler.png/revision/latest?cb=20190524015017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524141543', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200529192101', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/CutIn-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190524014832', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Summoning-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190524015230', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Defeat-DULI-DarkSignerKalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190524014713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Kalin Kessler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters