Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_048


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 048 
 
 
 
 
 The  Shadow   brothers  arrive to defend  Shay  and  Celina . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 手 負 いの 隼 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Teoi no Hayabusa 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Wounded Falcon 
 
 
 English 
 Battlefronts 
 
 
 Number 
 048 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 18, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 November 5, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 21, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Sung-jin Lee 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Identity Crisis " 
 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 " Battlefronts ", known as " The Wounded Falcon " in the Japanese version, is the forty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 22, 2015 and in Australia on January 18, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on December 17, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 Celina  escapes, holding a wounded  Shay  in her arms. However, they are being pursued by  Sora  and the  Duelists  from the  Fusion Dimension . A 3-on-3 Duel involving Celina, Shay and the others begins, pushing the Battle Royal to an even higher climax. Meanwhile,  Yuya , who has been searching for  Zuzu  together with  Gong , meets Sora again. As he witnesses his once friend sealing people away into cards, he turns angrier and angrier.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Sora Perse vs. Sun Shadow 
 2.2   Moon Shadow, Celina, and Shay Obsidian vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green and Yellow 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 In the  LID Center Court ,  Nico Smiley  narrates that today is the Youth Class finals;  You Show Duel School 's  Tate  vs Leo Institute of Dueling's  Riley Akaba . Nico encourages both Duelists to do their best and aim for first place.  Ally  warns Tate to be careful, since Riley uses  Fusion .  Frederick  adds that there's a chance that Riley could use  Synchro  too. Tate mentally agrees; Riley is a fearsome opponent who uses multiple Summoning methods. He looks at his " Performachine Gadget Giant " card, thinking that he's got his own trump card. He looks up at Riley, who looks shyly away.  Skip Boyle  states that he wants Tate to win, but he also wants to know what's going on with  Zuzu  and  Yuya .  Yoko  muses that she heard  Aura  mentioning Yuya's name when she was talking to  Reed . She wonders if this could mean…and Skip asks her what she means. Yoko asks if this means that Reed has made dinner for the others, and she calls it nice and unfair, prompting the local crowd to react in shock. Meanwhile, Riley looks around the arena and flinches when he sees  his mother  up in the main box. After a stern look from Henrietta, he looks at Tate determinedly.
 
       Celina saves Shay.     
 In the Ancient Ruins temple,  Sora   yells that this is the end, and he declares his  Battle Phase , ordering " Frightfur Tiger " to attack " Force Strix ", and with a demented shriek, he orders "Tiger" to send  Shay …this Xyz remnant to his grave.  Celina  gasps in shock to hear Shay's name, as "Tiger" grabs "Force Strix" and violently beheads it. The shockwave blasts Shay off his feet and he yells in shock as he falls past the shocked Celina, down the temple steps, and finally hits the ground, his  LP  falling to zero as Celina looks on in horror (all this is cut from the dub, which made a recap of the previous episode, which contained this very scene). Celina runs down the steps of the temple towards Shay as Sora walks out of the temple, commenting in satisfaction that it looks like he's won this time. Celina reaches Shay and she attempts to help him up, but Shay groans in agony and clutches his ribs. Celina gasps that these are horrible injuries. Sora sighs in annoyance, calling Celina "Zuzu" and telling her to get out of the way, since Shay is the prey that he's hunted. Celina gets up, turns, and she activates her  Duel Disk , causing Sora to realize who she is once he notices that it's an Academy Disk. Celina activates a  Spell Card , " Lunar Eclipse ", shrouding her field in darkness. Sora charges into the cloud, yelling at Celina to wait. 
 
       Shay  falls to his knees.     
 In the Volcano Area, Celina and Shay flee along a lava river, but Shay falters and he falls to his knees, clutching his injured ribs. Celina turns to help him, asking him if he's okay, but then Sora walks up, asking if Celina can let him finish Shay off, since Celina will only get hurt too. Celina scowls, but the duo are saved by the appearance of  Sun Shadow  and  Moon Shadow , who speed in between them and Sora. Sora charges forwards, and Sun moves to meet him. Moon turns to Celina and Shay, telling them that now it's their chance, and Celina helps Shay up and follows him. Sora irritably comments that Sun is in his way and Sun replies that that's why he's here. They clash Duel Disks, and then they begin a Duel. 
 Celina asks Moon why they're helping her. Moon replies that once they take up a mission, they will stake their life to complete it; that is one of the guidelines of their Fuma clan. In the  Leo Corporation  observation room,  Declan  muses that Celina is an important asset for negotiating with Duel Academy, and comments to  Claude  that she must be protected. He asks how many enemies are left, and Claude explains that they have confirmed the presence of four, including Sora Perse.
 Yuya and  Gong  reach the Ancient Ruins Temple, yelling Zuzu's name, but she isn't there either, and Yuya desperately wonders where she could have gone.
 In the Iceberg Area, Reed and  Trout  have found the unconscious Aura, and Reed gently shakes her, trying to wake her up, but she doesn't respond. Trout comments that they don't need to worry about Reed since she isn't part of the  Battle Royal , but Reed reminds him that leaving Aura here would be dangerous due to the other Duelists that have invaded. He asks Trout to get her to a safe place, and Trout protests at being forced into helping too. 
 
       Moon and Shay protect Celina from the Obelisk Force.     
 Dennis  and the three remaining  Obelisk Force  watch Celina, Shay, and Moon departing from behind a rock. Dennis points Celina out to them, and wishes them luck. The red-jeweled member asks if Dennis isn't coming, and Dennis explains that that would be an issue given the number of security cameras in the area. As Celina helps Shay along as they follow Moon, the Obelisk Force step up behind them, the green-jeweled member asking her to please not resist. The red-jeweled one explains that they've been tasked with bringing her back. Celina tells them that they'll have to take her by force, but to her surprise, Shay and Moon step forwards to defend her. The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force declares that they leave them no choice. The Obelisk Force all activate their Duel Disks, and Shay, Celina, and Moon do likewise, Moon activating a left-handed Disk. All six Duelists yell, "Duel!"
 Sora Summons " Edge Imp Saw ", commenting that he's gotta make this one quick. Sun replies that he won't let that happen.
 Shay moves to take the first turn, but Moon replies that he shall initiate. He declares his turn and Summons " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " from his hand, before  Setting  three cards to end his turn. 
 
         Moon Shadow's " Ninjitsu Art " cards block an attack from the Obelisk Force.     
 The red-jeweled Obelisk Force steps forwards, declaring his turn. He draws and Summons " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", and activates its effect; once per turn, when his opponent controls a monster, he can inflict 600 damage to his opponent. He declares " Hound Flame ", and "Hunting Hound" launches a gout of flames. Moon responds with a  Continuous Trap Card , " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Extinguishment ", which negates all effect damage that is 800 or less since he controls a " Ninja " monster. A shield of smoke forms over Moon and protects him from the flame. Undeterred, the Obelisk Force activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  the "Hunting Hound" on his field with the other two in his hand. He  chants , "Mechanized hounds who carry on the ancient souls, flock together and become one with new power! Fusion Summon! Appear now!  Level 7 !  Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ! ((Dub) "Watch as the fury of  the pack  takes the shape of a single raging beast! I Fusion Summon!  Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound !")" He declares his Battle Phase, but Moon interrupts him, activating the Continuous Trap Card, " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows " since he controls a "Ninja" monster. By paying half of his  LP , he can end the Battle Phase. A whirlwind surrounds him, reducing his LP to 2000. Shay objects, but Moon points out that the payment is nothing compared to Shay's injuries. The red-jeweled Obelisk Force Sets two cards and ends his turn. 
 Facing Sora, Sun activates the Spell Card, " Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication ", allowing him to  Special Summon  a  Level 4  or lower "Ninja" monster from his hand, and he Special Summons "Twilight Ninja Shingetsu".
 The green-jeweled Obelisk Force declares a Fusion Summon, calling out his own "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound". He declares his Battle Phase, but Moon uses the effect of "Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows" again, paying half his LP to end the Battle Phase. His LP falls to 1000 as the whirlwind surrounds him, and the green-jeweled Obelisk Force Sets three cards, sulkily ending his turn.
 Sun  Tributes  "Shingetsu" to  Tribute Summon  " Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin ", which appears with 2300 ATK. Sora just smiles.
 The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force declares his own Fusion Summon, calling out another "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound", and he too declares his Battle Phase, but is blocked by the effect of "Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows". Moon falls to 500 LP as the whirlwind surrounds him, and he falls to one knee. Cursing, the yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force Sets three cards of his own and ends his turn. Celina asks Moon why he's going so far. Moon explains that it is all according to plan; his brother Sun fends off the intruders with the brilliance of the sun, while Moon, like the moon, protected them and stalled the enemy.
 Shay states that that means all that's left is his turn then, and he steps forwards, but Celina steps forwards as well, and she declares her turn. She draws, and then she activates "Polymerization", fusing " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly ", chanting, "Blue cat that prowls through the darkness! Butterfly with violet poison! Spiral into the moon's gravity and become a new power! Fusion Summon! Appear and come forth! Beautiful beast that dances in the moonlight!  Lunalight Cat Dancer ! ((Dub) "By combining  the reflexes of a fierce feline  with  the fluttering fury of a night time huntress , I can create a new lunar legend! I Fusion Summon!  Lunalight Cat Dancer !")" Dennis watches from behind a rock, thinking that of course Celina would use Academy-style Fusion. Then he sees Reed and Trout, who is carrying Aura, sneaking around behind the Duel and backing back into hiding to avoid being spotted. Reed observes that the Obelisk Force must be the enemy from Duel Academy that Yuya mentioned, and Trout groans that they were trying to take Aura to safety, but instead ended up in the most dangerous place. 
 Celina activates the Spell Card, " Luna Light Perfume ", Special Summoning a " Lunalight " monster from her  Graveyard . She Special Summons "Blue Cat", which activates its effect to double the  ATK  of a "Lunalight" monster that she controls, so she targets "Cat Dancer", increasing its ATK to 4800. 
 Sora fuses "Edge Imp Saw" and " Fluffal Leo ", chanting, "Steel blades possessed by demons. Become one with the fanged beast and reveal your new form and power! Fusion Summon! Show yourself! King of beasts that tears everything to pieces!  Frightfur Leo ! ((Dub) " Sharpened steel  and  ruler of the jungle ! When the two come together, prepare to rumble! I Fusion Summon!  Frightfur Leo !")" Yuya and Gong run through a passage, and they come out on the other side of the river of lava from Sora, Yuya yelling Sora's name. Sora turns in shock to see Yuya, and then he sighs, before looking at Sun hungrily. 
 Celina activates the effect of "Cat Dancer", Tributing a "Lunalight" monster in order to allow it to attack all monsters her opponent controls twice each. She Tributes "Blue Cat", and "Cat Dancer's" sashes glow bright blue. Celina declares her Battle Phase, attacking with "Cat Dancer". The red-jeweled Obelisk Force explains that that won't happen, and he activates a  Trap Card , " Fusion Dispersal ", much to Celina's shock. The Trap returns an attacking  Fusion Monster  to the  Extra Deck  and ends the Battle Phase, and then returns its Fusion Materials to the field in  Attack Position , before finally inflicting damage equal to the ATK of the Fusion Material with the higher ATK. Celina gasps as the 1600 ATK of "Blue Cat" is dealt to her, blasting her backwards and reducing her to 2400 LP. The red-jeweled Obelisk Force comments that it's too bad, but they fully comprehend Celina's Deck. Behind their rock, Reed urges Trout to help them. Trout protests, since even if they fight the Obelisk Force they won't get any  Pendulum Cards . Reed protests that their friends are in a pinch. Trout thoughtfully agrees that they could use their power to turn a pinch into a reversal, but then he snaps and calls Reed an idiot, saying that that's not happening.
 Sora begins to advance on Sun, who slowly backs away, as Yuya yells his name. He asks what he's doing, why is he turning the people that he defeats  into cards  (in the dub, Yuya asks why Sora's ignoring him)? Gong warns Sora that that cannot be forgiven (in the dub, he says he heard that Sora turns people into cards; something that the Sora they know would never do). Yuya yells at Sora to look at him, and Sora irritably tells him to wait since he's about to finish Sun off. Yuya snarls at Sora to stop messing around, and he charges at him, but Gong restrains him, telling not to be stupid. Then he gasps to see Celina, thinking that she's Zuzu, and tells Yuya to look. Yuya gasps Zuzu's name as Celina ends her turn in frustration. Shay steps forwards.
 Reed yells, "Let's go!" and charges out of hiding. Trout begs him not to, but Reed takes up a spot beside Moon, telling the Obelisk Force that they're facing them now. Trout leaves Aura in hiding and resignedly follows him out, and they both activate their Duel Disks. But as soon as they do, a message reads "Intrusion Penalty: 2000 LP", much to their confusion. Then the two of them are struck by lightning, reducing them to 2000 LP each as Trout complains that they haven't even done anything yet. 
 Staggering, Reed steps forwards and draws to begin his turn. He activates the Spell Card, " Minute Meal ", allowing him to Special Summon " Royal Cookpals " from his hand whose  Levels  are lower than the total Levels of all monsters his opponent controls. With the three "Triple Hunting Hounds" having a total of twenty-one Levels, Reed brings out " Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta ", " Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette " and " Royal Cookpal King Burger ". Setting a card, Reed ends his prep work. The green-jeweled Obelisk Force comments that no matter how many of them come out, they can't compete with the Obelisk Force. 
 Reed replies that he'd prefer it if the Obelisk Force stop underestimating them, and he asks Trout if he agrees, slapping his shoulder and sending him stumbling forwards. Trout panics since he's drawn, but then he chuckles, activating the  Continuous Spell Card , " Inlet ", which lowers the Level of all  WATER  monsters by 1. This allows him to  Normal Summon  " The Legendary Fisherman " as a Level 4 monster. Then, by sending "The Legendary Fisherman" to the  Graveyard , he can Special Summon " The Legendary Fisherman III ". Trout chants, "Be reborn with a legend of the ages, the Legendary Fisherman III!" He activates the effect of "The Legendary Fisherman III" since it was Special Summoned, allowing him to banish any number of monsters his opponent controls. The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force gasps in shock, and Trout declares that he'll get all three of them in one big catch, as "The Legendary Fisherman III" snatches the three "Triple Hunting Hounds" up in its net. Reed congratulates Trout, and activates his Trap Card, " Monster Pie ". Since he controls a " Cookpal " monster and monsters his opponent controls have left the field, he can Special Summon a  Monster Pie Token  for each one to his opponent's side of the field. A Monster Pie Token appears above each of the Obelisk Force, much to their shock, and then Reed activates the effects of each of his "Royal Cookpals" since a monster was Summoned or Special Summoned, returning them to the hand and then destroying a monster for each card returned. The three Tokens explode, and Trout tells the Obelisk Force to take this effect on top of it. He explains that by returning the banished monsters to the Graveyard, the effect of "The Legendary Fisherman III" will double effect damage that they deal. Reed then explains that the Monster Pie Tokens will each inflict 1000 damage when destroyed, and with the damage doubled, each of the Obelisk Force will take 2000 damage. All three of the Obelisk Force are struck by lightning and fall to 2000 LP. Reed comments to Trout that they're the best combination, aren't they? Trout agrees, calling Reed "partner" (Dub: Reed: "You reel 'em in..." Trout: "You cook 'em up!").
 But the green-jeweled Obelisk Force laughs, claiming that Reed and Trout's strongest combination has led them to the worst ending. He activates all three of his Set Continuous Trap Cards; " Ancient Gear Reborn ", " Ancient Gear Spark Shot " and " Ancient Gear Booster ". The effect of "Reborn" first revives "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" from the Graveyard and increases its ATK by 200, to 2000. Next, the effect of "Ancient Gear Spark Shot" will inflict damage to his opponent equal to half the ATK of the revived monster, and finally, the damage will be doubled by "Ancient Gear Booster". The Obelisk Force declares, "Ancient Revive Howling", and "Triple Hunting Hound" blasts a surge of yellow light from its mouths, blasting Reed into the wall and reducing his LP to zero. Trout screams, "Reed!" in horror as the energy fades, and Reed slumps to the ground from the impact crater. Celina gasps in horror, and Trout whispers, "Reed", again, and the green-jeweled Obelisk Force snickers, commenting that they shouldn't have interfered (in the dub, he says Reed's cooking days are over). He raises his Duel Disk, and Yuya realizes what's about to happen, yelling at the Obelisk Force to stop. But they do not heed his words; three beams of purple light shine from the Obelisk Force's Duel Disk, and  a card  containing Reed flutters to the ground. 
 Yuya whispers Reed's name, and Gong yells that Zuzu is in trouble, so he'll go. He sprints off, and Yuya turns to Sora, telling him to stop this already and asking why he's doing something this horrible. Sora snarls that Yuya is annoying, and Yuya's eyes  begin to glow red .
 The yellow-jeweled Obelisk tells Trout that he's next, activating his own "Ancient Gear Reborn" and "Ancient Gear Booster", reviving his "Triple Hunting Hound" with its ATK boosted to 2000. This triggers the effect of "Ancient Gear Spark Shot", inflicting half of its ATK to Trout, and the yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force's own "Booster" doubles the damage to 2000. Trout shrieks as the second "Triple Hunting Hound" breathes a surge of yellow light, knocking him down and reducing his LP to zero. Trout looks up to see Reed's card, and he asks in bemusement what Reed is doing as a card. Purple light envelops him as he dazedly points out that they were supposed to be the strongest combination. The yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force tosses  the card containing Trout  beside Reed's, telling them that they can be a combo as cards for all eternity.
 The sight further enrages Yuya, his hair standing on end, and darkness beginning to surround his body. Sun's foot hits the edge of the river of lava; preventing him from going further. Sora comments that they're done here. He activates the effect of "Frightfur Leo", destroying a monster that Sun controls to inflict damage equal to its ATK. "Frightfur Leo" blasts its blades from its mane, destroying "Nichirin" and reducing Sun's LP to zero. Sun yells in regret as he explodes into purple light,  the card  containing him carelessly tossed aside. Something inside Yuya snaps, and he screams in agony as the darkness intensifies, falling to his knees and groaning. He grits his teeth and he writhes in pain; his eyes seeing the smile on Sora's face as Sora walks away, and Yuya looks aside to see the struggling Celina. He sees the  Knights of the Duel Disks  students, Reed, Trout and Sun all falling towards a vortex, and finally he howls in agony as the darkness takes hold, leaping over the river of lava and screaming Sora's name in fury.
 
         Sylvio gets a nasty surprise.     
 The red-jeweled Obelisk Force declares that Moon is next. He activates his own face-down "Ancient Gear Reborn" to revive his "Triple Hunting Hound" and increase its ATK by 200. Then the green-jeweled Obelisk Force reapplies the effect of "Ancient Gear Spark Shot" inflicts half its ATK – more than enough to finish Moon off. The third "Triple Hunting Hound" is revived and it blasts it "Ancient Revive Howling" attack at Moon. As the blast surges towards Moon, the Ninjitsu Duelist closes his eyes quietly, ready to face his fate. A voice yells out at the Obelisk Force to hold it right there, and  Sylvio  steps forwards and activates the  Action Spell , " Flame Guard ", reducing effect damage to zero. Sylvio declares that now that he's here, they'll have the strength of a hundred more. He explains that  Declan Akaba  filled him in on the situation (in the dub, he says he's here to save everyone, and nothing will stop him); but then his Duel Disk declares "Intrusion Penalty: 2000 points". Sylvio is confused, and then he is struck down by lightning, screeching that Declan didn't fill him in about this (in the dub, he says that this might stop him). He hits the ground hard, but struggles up, claiming that he'll show them why he's the strongest man from  LID . 
 
         Yuya remembering Yuto's words.     
 Sora turns to see Yuya standing before him, the darkness shrouding his body. Yuya snarls that Sora is wrong, though Sora barely reacts. Yuya suddenly remembers  Yuto 's words telling him to bring smiles with Dueling (in the dub, he adds that Yuya must fight back this darkness), and then calms down, the darkness fading. He tells Sora to Duel him, and Sora agrees, casually commenting that he doesn't like the idea of having a losing streak against Yuya anyway. He gestures to a nearby cave, suggesting that they Duel where they won't be interrupted, and Yuya follows him inside. They face off on opposite ends of a bridge over a river of lava, and Yuya vows to bring Sora's true smile back with Dueling. They both yell, "DUEL!"
 
 Featured Duels 
 Sora Perse vs. Sun Shadow 
         Sora vs. Sun Shadow     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Sora's turn 
 Sora   Normal Summons  " Edge Imp Saw " (500/1000).
 An unknown amount of time is skipped.
 Sun Shadow's turn 
 Sun Shadow  activates " Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication ", which allows him to  Special Summon  a  Level  4 or lower " Ninja "  monster  from his hand. [Notes 1]  He Special Summons " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " (1500/100). Sun Shadow then  Tributes  "Shingetsu" to  Tribute Summon  " Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin " (2300/1000).
 An unknown amount of time is skipped.
 Sora's turn 
Sora  fuses  "Edge Imp Saw" and " Fluffal Leo " to  Fusion Summon  " Frightfur Leo " (2400/2000) in  Attack Position . He activates the  effect  of "Leo", which lets him  destroy  an opponent's monster and inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to the destroyed monster's  ATK . "Nichirin" is destroyed (Sun: 2300 → 0 LP).
 
 Moon Shadow, Celina, and Shay Obsidian vs. Obelisk Force: Red, Green and Yellow 
         Moon Shadow, Celina and Shay Obsidian vs. Obelisk Force     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 The members of  Obelisk Force  are not named, but are differentiated from one another here by the color of the gemstone on their masks.
 Turn 1: Moon 
 Moon   Normal Summons  " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " (1500/100) and  Sets  three cards.
 Turn 2: Red 
Red Normal Summons " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1000/1000). As his opponent  controls  a  monster , he  activates  the  effect  of "Hunting Hound", inflicting 600  damage  to the opponent. As he  controls  a " Ninja " monster, Moon activates his  face-down   Continuous Trap Card  " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Extinguishment ", allowing him to reduce any effect damage lower than or equal to 800 to 0. Red activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  the "Hunting Hound" on his  field  with two more copies from his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1800/1000) in  Attack Position . As he controls a "Ninja" monster, Moon activates his face-down Continuous Trap Card " Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows ", letting him  pay  half his  LP  to end the opponent's  Battle Phase  (Moon: 4000 → 2000 LP). Red Sets two cards.
 An unknown amount of time is skipped.
 Turn 3: Green 
Green Fusion Summons "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" (1800/1000) in Attack Position. Moon activates the effect of "Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows", paying half his LP to end his opponent's Battle Phase (Moon: 2000 → 1000 LP).
 An unknown amount of time is skipped.
 Turn 4: Yellow 
Yellow Fusion Summons "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" (1800/1000) in Attack Position. Moon activates the effect of "Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows", paying half his LP to end his opponent's Battle Phase to end his opponent's Battle Phase (Moon: 1000 → 500 LP). Yellow Sets three cards.
 Turn 5: Celina 
 Celina   draws  and subsequently activates "Polymerization", fusing " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " from her hand to Fusion Summon " Lunalight Cat Dancer " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. She then activates " Luna Light Perfume ", allowing her to Special Summon a " Lunalight " monster from her  Graveyard . She Special Summons "Blue Cat" (1600/1200). Since "Blue Cat" was Special Summoned, its effect activates, allowing her to double the  ATK  of a "Lunalight" monster she controls until the end of this  turn . Celina targets "Cat Dancer" (2400 → 4800). She then activates the effect of "Cat Dancer", letting her  Tribute  a "Lunalight" monster to allow it to attack each monster her opponent controls twice each this turn, but the attacked monsters cannot be  destroyed by battle  during the first attack on each of them. She Tributes "Blue Cat". "Cat Dancer" attacks Red's "Triple Hunting Hound". As his opponent's Fusion Monster attacked, Red activates his face-down " Fusion Dispersal ",  returning  that monster to the  Extra Deck , ending the Battle Phase, Special Summoning the Fusion Monster's Fusion Materials and inflicting damage to the opponent equal to the ATK of the Material with the highest ATK. "Cat Dancer" is returned to the Extra Deck and "Blue Cat" (1600/1200) and "Purple Butterfly" (1000/1000) are Special Summoned (Celina: 4000 → 2400 LP).
 At this moment,  Reed  and  Trout  interfere with the Duel by joining it, thus they receive a penalty of 2000 LP (Reed: 4000 → 2000 LP; Trout: 4000 → 2000 LP).
 Turn 6: Reed 
Reed activates " Minute Meal ", allowing him to Special Summon as many " Royal Cookpal " monsters as possible from his hand whose  Levels  are less than or equal to the total Levels of all monsters his opponent controls. He Special Summons " Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta " (300/1100), " Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette " (300/???) and " Royal Cookpal King Burger " (300/1300) from his hand. He Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Trout 
As there is a face-up card in the  Field Zone , Trout activates " Inlet ". The current Field Spell Card is now treated as " Umi ". This allows him to reduce the Level of all  WATER  monsters in his hand and on his side of the field by 1. Trout Normal Summons " The Legendary Fisherman " (1800/1600) as a Level 4 monster. He then Tributes it to Special Summon " The Legendary Fisherman III " (2500/2000) from his hand. Since it was Special Summoned using its effect, he can  banish  any number of monsters his opponent controls. He banishes all of the Obelisk Force's monsters. As his opponent's monster  left the field  and he controls a " Cookpal " monster, Reed activates his face-down " Monster Pie ", Special Summoning a " Monster Pie Token " (1000/??? each) to each of his opponent's fields. As monsters were Special Summoned to his opponent's field, Reed activates the effects of his three "Royal Cookpal" monsters,  returning  them to his hand to destroy the three "Monster Pie Tokens". Since a "Monster Pie Token" was destroyed, the other effect of "Monster Pie" inflicts 1000 damage to the Obelisk Force. As his opponent is taking effect damage, Trout activates the effect of "The Legendary Fisherman III", returning all card banished by its other effect to the Graveyard and doubling the effect damage. The three "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds" are returned to the Graveyard (Red: 4000 → 2000 LP, Green: 4000 → 2000 LP, Yellow: 4000 → 2000 LP). Green activates three face-down cards - " Ancient Gear Reborn ", " Ancient Gear Spark Shot " and " Ancient Gear Booster ". As he controls no monsters, "Reborn" lets him Special Summon an " Ancient Gear " monster from his Graveyard that was  sent  there this turn and increase its  original ATK  by 200. He Summons "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" (2000/1000). Since an "Ancient Gear" monster was Special Summoned from the Graveyard while he controlled no monsters, the effect of "Spark Shot" lets him inflict damage to his opponent equal to half the ATK of the Special Summoned monster. Since an "Ancient Gear" card is inflicting damage, the effect of "Booster" then doubles that damage. Green inflicts the damage to Reed (Reed: 2000 → 0 LP). Yellow activates his own face-down "Ancient Gear Reborn" and "Ancient Gear Booster", while using the effect of Green's "Spark Shot", Special Summoning his "Triple Hunting Hound" (2000/1000) and inflicting 2000 damage to Trout (Trout: 2000 → 0 LP). Red activates his own face-down "Ancient Gear Reborn", while using the effect of Green's "Spark Shot", Special Summoning his "Triple Hunting Hound" (2000/1000) and inflicting 1000 damage to Moon, but  Sylvio  activates the Action Card " Flame Guard ", reducing the effect damage to 0. Since he wasn't part of the Duel and interfered, Sylvio receives a penalty of 2000 LP (Sylvio: 4000 → 2000 LP).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Tate Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performachine Gadget Giant 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Blue Cat 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Luna Light Perfume 
 Lunar Eclipse 
 Polymerization 
 
 Reed Pepper Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Royal Cookpal King Burger 
 Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta 
 Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Minute Meal 
 Traps 
 Monster Pie 
 
 Trout Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Legendary Fisherman 
 The Legendary Fisherman III Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Inlet 
 
 Sora Perse Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Saw 
 Fluffal Leo Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Leo 
 Frightfur Tiger Other   *  Sun Shadow 
 
 Shay Obsidian Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Force Strix 
 
 Moon Shadow Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows 
 Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Extinguishment 
 
 Sun Shadow Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin 
 Twilight Ninja Shingetsu Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication 
 
 Obelisk Force Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Ancient Gear Booster  x2 
 Ancient Gear Reborn  x3 
 Ancient Gear Spark Shot 
 Fusion Dispersal Other   *  Reed Pepper 
 Trout 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Action Card Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flame Guard 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Premières lignes
 
 
  German 
 Duell-Durcheinander (1)
 
 
  Italian 
 Prigioneri nelle Carte
 
 
  Korean 
 상처 입은 매
 
 
  Thai 
 เหยี่ยวที่บาดเจ็บ
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written Japanese anime lore of " Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication " says that it  targets  1 " Ninja "  monster  and  Special Summons  a monster with the same name from the  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/ArcV_048.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150804015348', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Celina_defends_Shay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150410060527', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/ShayCollaspses.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150607030538', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Moon_first_turn.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150329144129', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Moon_anti-burn.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150329144108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Silvio_electrocuted.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Make_Everyone_Duel_With_Smiles.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150329003453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/Sora_VS_Hikage.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150322145016', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/Tsukikage%2C_Selena_and_Shun_VS_Obelisk_Force.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150322145010', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes