Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Planetary_Gear


 
 Planetary Particle
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 遊星粒子
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Yūsei Ryūshi
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Planetary Particle
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 The  Planetary Particle , also known as the  Yusei Project , was the essential particle which ultimately led to the development of  Ener-D  technology.  This gear is inspired from the real-life  epicyclic gearing  system.
 The project was founded by  Dr. Fudo  17 years prior to the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  plot, as according to  Roman Goodwin , he was the leading man when it came to Quantum Physics. The project in which involved this particle, consisted of a planetary gear which has the task of binding particles together onto other particles. Unbeknownst to the Professor, this would cause him to stumble upon the technology that led to the creation of the  Ener-D  reactor, as this particle would be the one needed to complete it.
 Dr. Fudo named his son,  Yusei , after this gear (In the Japanese version the gear's name is pronounced  Yusei  gear), as he wanted him to be a person who could connect people through bonds just like the gear does.
 More importantly, according to  Bruno , the Planetary particle is a living energy that can read people's hearts. He states that Dr. Fudo and Roman realized this fact as they were in charge of working with Ener-D. The fact that people's hearts vary from one another according to Bruno has already been seen. The good in people's hearts caused the  Crimson Dragon  to appear, while the evil in others is what called forth the  Earthbound Immortals .
 When riding a Duel Runner at very high speeds while being totally focused, it is possible to control the Ener-D produced by the Planetary Particles that each Duel Runner has. This allows the user to reach the  Clear Mind  state and perform an  Accel Synchro Summon .
 The  Ark Cradle  has a giant Planetary Particle inside, but it spins in reverse so it produces negative Ener-D.
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Cogwheel.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20090509004024']
Categories: Items