Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Frederick.png


 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Frederick 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 
 Japanese   
 原 田  フトシ 原田 フトシ はらだ フトシ Rōmaji: ( Harada Futoshi ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 서형돈 
 
 
 French   
 Frédérick 
 
 
 German   
 Frederick 
 
 
 Italian   
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents [1] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Youth" Class   Did not place [2]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Doodle 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 
 German  
 Marcel Mann 
 
 
 
 Frederick , known as  Futoshi Harada  ( 原 田  フトシ  Harada Futoshi ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a student of  You Show Duel School .
 His role is cheering for his friends. He is famous for getting the "shivers" when his friend turns the tables of the Duel (in the dub, he has no set catchphrase, as he usually says something different in each episode; however, he does use "goose pickles" most often).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
Frederick wears oversized orange shorts and a yellow-green top with a hood. The shorts are held in place by straps over Frederick's shoulders. His blue and yellow shoes have three protrusions each, making them resemble reptilian feet.       Full body view of Frederick.     
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, Frederick speaks in a German accent. He has a tendency to speak German words on occasions and to mention Germanic food. In the German version of the anime he speaks in a  Bavarian  accent.
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Frederick and  Allie  arrived at  You Show Duel School  to help out with the flood of applicants which was caused by  Yuya 's  Pendulum Summon  against  The Sledgehammer  and was impressed by the number of students wanting to join their Duel School. He was also excited to see the Pendulum Summon again but was surprised when Yuya couldn't do it in the exhibition match against  Zuzu . But he still believed in Yuya and declares that he is one of Yuya's biggest fans. [3] 
 Later on, he along with Allie and  Tate  all asked to see a Pendulum Summon which Yuya had finally started to get used to, but they were interrupted by  Sylvio Sawatari , who invited them to  LID  and offered the use of the Center Duel Field to Duel Yuya. After Sylvio forcibly took Yuya's Pendulum cards, Frederick, Allie, Tate and Zuzu were taken hostage on top of a suspension bridge in " Prison Tower of Darkville ", and Frederick in particular nearly fell from the tower, to his extreme distress, but he was saved by Zuzu. [4]  Yuya was able to rescue them win against Sylvio and get his cards back from him. [5]  During Yuya and  Sora  Duel, he was impressed by Sora's  Fusion Monster [6]  and was surprised to find that  Pendulum Monsters  are sent to the  Extra Deck  when they are destroyed. [7] 
 When the LID accused Yuya of the attack on Sylvio and challenged them to a face off in order to clear his name, Frederick cheered Yuya [8]  and the others on. [9] [10]  Later on in the Duel between Yuya and  Declan , he was extremely surprised to see Declan's ability and was left speechless. [11] [12] 
 When Yuya tried to ask him for help so that he could qualify for the  Junior Arc League Championship , he declined stating that he belonged to the Junior Division while Yuya belonged to Junior Youth Division, so their Duel would be invalid. [13] 
 During the Duels arranged by  Nico Smiley  to help Yuya to qualify for the Junior Arc League Championship, he along with Allie and Tate became Yuya's cheering squad and cheered for him during his Duels. [14] [15] [16] [17] [18] [19]  But on request by Nico, they stayed behind the scenes during Yuya's qualifying Duel against  Gong , [20]  but later on was allowed to go in-front and cheer him and congratulated Yuya when he won and finally qualified for the Championship. [21] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
       Frederick defeats  Trevor .     
 Frederick and the other students of You Show departed for the  Arc League Championship , where he was to take part in the "Youth" division of the Championship. He had his first Duel on the first day itself against  Trevor , and won it easily. [1]  In the next round, however, he Dueled against  Riley Akaba , who defeated him using a  Synchro Monster . [2]  Frederick apologized to Yuya for losing but he encouraged the young boy to give Riley "the shivers" the next time they Dueled.
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Frederick was a spectator at the Paradise Stadium, along with Allie, Tate,  Yoko  and Skip, as the victors of the Battle Royal entered.  Henrietta Akaba  later appeared to the audience, announcing the cancellation of the tournament. Frederick saw Sora on the screen when this announcement was being made, and wondered why Sora was dueling Yuya. After the announcement, Frederick wondered why Zuzu swapped clothes with  Celina  during the Battle Royal, and was angry at Yuya for not protecting the real Zuzu.  [22]  Frederick watched the Duel between Yuya and his mother, and bid him goodbye after the Duel, as he departed for the  Synchro Dimension . [23] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  appeared in a dimensional rift, Fredrick stared at it in shock. [24]  He watched  Gong  Dueling through the rift, and he wondered what had happened to him after " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " destroyed all of his monsters. [25]  Frederick wondered what  Sylvio  was doing and he was surprised to see " Supreme King Servant Dragon Odd-Eyes ". Frederick and the others were transported to the  Fusion Dimension  after the rift expanded and transported  Paradise City  there. When Skip noticed people in the air, Fredrick looked up and thought the Duelist who was Dueling Sylvio was  Yuya . [26]  While watching  Declan  Duel, Fredrick wanted Yuya to hurry and come home. Frederick was surprised when Z-ARC claimed that he was the true founder of  Pendulum Summoning . Z-ARC almost defeated Declan, Fredrick wanted it to be a lie, believing that Yuya could never be a monster. He was surprised when he thought that "Z-ARC" had killed Declan and when  Riley  joined the Duel. When Riley used " En Flowers ", Fredrick and the others watched as flowers appeared around them. [27] 
 
 Deck 
 Frederick uses a  " Doodle " Deck  which focuses on  Beatdown  tactics. The ace of the Deck, " Doodle Beast - Tyranno ", can be Tribute Summoned using a single " Doodle Beast " Tribute, and activates its effects as soon as it is Tribute Summoned, allowing "Tyranno" to destroy a monster on the field and gain half its ATK, allowing him to deal a lot of damage to his opponent's Life Points. Frederick reinforces his deck with cards to protect his monsters to ensure a successful Tribute Summon.
 
 
 Anime Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Doodle Beast - Stego 
 Doodle Beast - Tyranno Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Doodlebook - Uh uh uh! 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Trevor 
 27 
 Win
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 38 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 141 
 No Result (with  Allie  and  Tate )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 5: " Toying Around: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 6: " Toying Around: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 19: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 20: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Frederick.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140414174648', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/FullFrederick.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150406105517', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/Fredrick%27s_First_Win_in_The_Arc_League.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151201104127']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters