Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Advanced_Crystal_Beast_Amethyst_Cat


 Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 In  episode 147 ,  Jesse Anderson  uses this card during his  Duel  against  Zane Truesdale  while the former was possessed by  Yubel . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Later " Cyber Dragon " attacks and destroys this card, but Jesse activates the second effect of " Advanced Dark " to nullify the Battle Damage he would take. Jesse then activates this card's last effect to place this card in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. After " Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle " was Special Summoned through its first effect, Jesse activates the second effect of "Ruby Carbuncle" to Special Summon this card from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Jesse then activates " M Force " to increase the ATK of " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " by 500 until the End Phase. "Sapphire Pegasus" then attacks "Cyber Dragon", but Zane activates " Attack Reflector Unit " to Tribute "Cyber Dragon" and Special Summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon " in its place. Zane then activates the effect of "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to negate the attack made by "Sapphire Pegasus". This card then attacks directly via its own effect at the cost of halving the Battle Damage Zane takes. Later " Cyber Twin Dragon " attacks and destroys this card, but Jesse activates the second effect of "Advanced Dark" to nullify the Battle Damage he would take. Jesse then activates this card's last effect to place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. In  the next episode , Zane activates the effect of " Cyber Laser Dragon " to destroy this card, but Jesse activates the last effect of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" to send this card to the Graveyard and prevent "Rainbow Dark Dragon's" destruction. On the last turn of the Duel, " Cyber End Dragon " (whose ATK was 8000 due to the effect of " Power Bond ") attacks "Rainbow Dragon", but Jesse activates " Crystal Counter " to take this card, " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ", " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise ", "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle" and " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his Graveyard and place them in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards. Jesse then sends all Advanced Crystal Beasts in his Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" by 1000 for each monster sent to the Graveyard this way. With five sent this way, "Rainbow Dark Dragon" gains 5000 ATK. Zane then activates " Cybernetic Zone " to banish his "Cyber End Dragon" from the field until the End Phase. 
 In  episode 151 , Jesse uses this card during his duel against  Jaden Yuki  while the former was possessed by Yubel. He activates the effect of " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " to take this card from his Deck and place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. In  the next episode , Jaden activates the effect of " Elemental HERO Storm Neos " to destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. This causes this card, "Advanced Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth", " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ", and " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " to be destroyed since " Advanced Dark " was no longer on the field. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances