Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_038


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 038 
 
 
 
 
 Akiza dueling Misty 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 蘇りし魂　燃えさかる新たなジオグリフ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yomigaerishi Tamashī Moesakaru Aratana Jiogurifu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Resurrected Soul, The New Geoglyph Ablaze 
 
 
 English 
 Digging Deeper, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 038 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 17, 2008 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 13, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Shinichiro Minami 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " 
 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 ", known as " Resurrected Soul: The New Geoglyph Ablaze " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on December 17, 2008 and in the United States on August 13, 2009.
 Carly Carmine , who has been thrown off the  Arcadia Movement  building to her death as a result of her Duel with  Sayer , has come back to life as a  Dark Signer , seeking revenge.
 Meanwhile,  Misty Tredwell , after sensing that Carly has fully become a Dark Signer, goes to the Arcadia Movement to Duel  Akiza Izinski  as she desires revenge of her own. With both Dark Signers ready to wreak both havoc and vengeance, the countdown to the extinction of the Psychic Duelists seems to have begun!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Transformation 
 1.2   Beginning of Carly's Shadow Duel 
 1.3   Second Dark Signer 
 1.4   Results of the second glyph formation 
 1.5   Beginning of Misty's Shadow Duel 
 
 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Sayer vs. Carly Carmine 
 2.2   Akiza Izinski vs. Misty Tredwell 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Transformation 
       Carly's body starts to glow.     
 As Carly falls many stories from the  Arcadia Movement  building, flashes of time she spent with  Jack  flash before her eyes. She calls out his name, before crashing through the roof of a building below and penetrating into the ground. Looking down  Sayer  calls her a foolish woman and laughs out loud. Down below Carly and her cards begin to glow, causing earthquake tremors.
 Sayer ceases laughing, while elsewhere other characters display mixed reactions. The tea in Misty's cup trembles, as she feels the earthquake. She expels a short sigh of sudden surprise, before whispering Carly's name, understanding something has just happened. She prepares herself, realizing "the time has come".  Lazar  shakes in panic, asking what's causing such tremors, while  Goodwin  sits nearby spellbound. At Jack's place, he and  Mina  stare at the sky flooded with dark blue clouds, both of them caught between awe and anticipation of trouble.
 Two purple pillars of light erupt from the ground. The pillars tear through the city streets, ripping up roads and tossing impeding cars aside, leaving a trail of purple light.
 Inside the Arcadia Movement building, Sayer becomes anxious. Elsewhere in the building,  Luna  presses against the window of  Leo 's room, fearing for his safety. Inside  Tanner  and  Yanagi 's cell, Tanner beats against the door, demanding a release, as the room shakes. The earthquake causes two overhanging lights to smash off each other, filling the room with falling shards of glass.
 
       The Hummingbird formed around the Arcadia Movement building.     
 The sky teems with lightning as the purple light finishes describing the shape of the Hummingbird  Nazca Line  throughout the city, with the Arcadia Movement building as a focal point.
 Sayer grabs his office phone and demands an immediate evacuation of the building. One person enters the room, semi-concealed by shadows from Sayer's perspective. Sayer diverts his attention to the figure approaching him. Incomprehensive of why someone would come here at a time like this, he yells at them to hurry and run. The figure only replies, "Sayer, I will make you pay." A bolt of lightning strikes outside, illuminating the room for a split second, which is enough for Sayer to recognize the person confronting him as Carly. Carly stares at him with a zombie-like expression, with her pupils swelled. Sayer drops the phone and states the illogicality of the situation; it's impossible that Carly could have survived such a fall. Carly says she's revived in order to send him to the grave. A  Mark of the Shadows  glows on her arm. She interprets the nature of the throbbing pain it gives her as it telling her to offer Sayer's soul as a sacrifice.
 Carly challenges Sayer to a  Shadow Duel . Before Sayer gets to answer, Carly becomes engulfed in purple light, changing her clothes to  Dark Signer  robes and her  Duel Disk  to a more sinister looking one. Her eyes are now blackened, portraying a sense of evil. Lastly, a mark appears below her eye. She makes a malicious smile and readies her Duel Disk.
 
 Beginning of Carly's Shadow Duel 
 Sayer doesn't know what trick Carly used to survive, but sees Carly as a fool ignorant of her limitations, now that she's challenged him to a rematch. But Carly assures him this won't be the same as before, she'll send him and his ambitions to a world of darkness. Sayer says she's not making any sense, but accepts her challenge and tells her to savor the powers of  Psychic Dueling .
 Sayer goes first. He  Summons  " Krebons " and uses " Emergency Teleport " to  Special Summon  " Mind Protector ". He uses both monsters to perform a  Synchro Summon . He  chants   "My flames of hatred, inflamed within the abyss of my heart, become the black raging waves that overrun this world. Synchro Summon! 'Magical Android!'" , as he Synchro Summons " Magical Android ". He ends his turn and gains 600  Life Points  due to the effect of "Magical Android".
 Carly begins her turn and activates the  Field Spell Card  " Future Visions ". The room fills with a glowing pink mist. Carly says that her dueling will read Sayer's future. Sayer smirks and admits that he had thought she actually had something planned, but now thinks it the same old Fortune-Telling  Deck  as before. He tells her that he doesn't believe in supernatural concepts and refuses to allow his future to be controlled by anyone, fate or not. Carly challenges him to try to escape from the fate she's about to foretell. She Summons " Fortune Lady Light ". Due to the effect of "Future Visions", "Light" is  removed from play . "Light" gives a wave, swings her staff and teleports away. Sayer thinks that the move was pointless, but Carly uses the effect of "Light" to Special Summon " Fortune Lady Fire " from her Deck. With only 400  ATK , Sayer asks how this "runt" can stand up to "Magical Android", who is at 2400 ATK. Carly explains the effect of "Fire": When it is Special Summoned in  Attack Position , it can destroy an opponent's monster and inflict  damage  to the opponent equal to its ATK. "Fire" sends a blast of fire from her staff, engulfing "Magical Android" in flames and destroying it. The flames continue to rush and hit Sayer as he takes the  Life Point  damage and gets thrown back. Sayer hits the window and bounces back onto the floor. As he stands up, he asks what this power is, noting how it's even greater than Psychic Dueling. Carly then attacks Sayer with "Fire", dropping his Life Points to 1800. Carly  Sets  a card in her  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends her turn. She points out that she forgot to tell him what his fortune was. With a malevolent look on her face, she tells him it was "death". Sayer looks up in horror.
 Lazar and Goodwin observe the Nazca activity around the  Arcadia Movement  building on a screen. Both are surprised that it is happening in the  city . Lazar, who is in utter panic, asks Goodwin if this means the Dark Signers are in the city.
 
 Second Dark Signer 
       Misty confronts Akiza.     
 Akiza scans through the corridors in search of Sayer. She is confronted by Misty Tredwell standing in an adjacent balcony hallway. Misty says she cannot let her go to Sayer. Akiza recognizes her. Misty sees it as an honor that Akiza knows who she is, and tells her that she too is familiar with her, the Black Rose. Misty then announces that Akiza will not escape her revenge. Akiza claims to not know what she's talking about, but Misty believes she's hiding the truth, as she expected. "Nothing he hears will make him come back now," Misty says, but she would like Akiza to apologize at the very least. Apologize, by going to where he is and doing so. Akiza stares back in shock and asks "Who are you?". Misty replies, "A Dark Signer". Akiza is unfamiliar with the term. Misty begins to make her way over to Akiza's balcony, explaining that they were destined to fight. By accepting this destiny, she gained the power of vengeance. She stops walking as she stands directly opposite Akiza. She turns to face her and announces that a five thousand year long seal has been unraveled. Her hair starts flowing back, as she says that all that's left is to fight until either her group or Akiza's is eliminated.
 Misty holds out her arm, as her  Mark of the Shadows  appears. Purple light appears below her and engulfs her, as she goes through the same transformation as Carly. She faces Akiza in full Dark Signer regalia, as another earthquake begins.
 
         The two Nazca Lines.     
 The sky crackles with lightning once more. This time Jack is in a nearby street, on his Duel Runner. The eradicating light sketching Misty's Nazca Line comes up the street behind him. Jack speeds forward and pulls aside into an alley for cover. He turns into a building and speeds up a stairway, before smashing through a door onto the roof. He stops to look at the chaos caused by the light: a number of torn-up buildings and streets around the Arcadia Movement building, which is now the focal point for two Nazca glyphs, Carly's Hummingbird and Misty's Lizard.
 
 
 Results of the second glyph formation 
 Back in Goodwin's office, Lazar's panic elevates a few notches, leaving him speechless, as he and Goodwin observe the second glyph after appearing.
 Jack and  Yusei 's  signs  start glowing. Yusei dashes outdoors and sees the two Nazca Lines glowing over the city. Jack infers that someone else with a Mark of the Dragon is dueling, at the Arcadia Movement. He begins ramping his Duel Runner from rooftop to rooftop in its direction.
 Meanwhile a  Sector Security  wagon transporting  Greiger  is caught in the chaos caused by the glyph formations.
 Back in Tanner and Yanagi's cell, the two are recovering from the second earthquake. Tanner sees the situation as advantageous to them. Making use of the damage caused, he manages to break down the door. Now out of the cell, they go in search of Leo and Luna.
 
 Beginning of Misty's Shadow Duel 
 Misty says that she has come to crush the Arcadia Movement and leaves Akiza no choice but to accept her Duel. Although she still doesn't understand Misty's motive, Akiza accepts the challenge and collects her  Duel Disk  from a compartment in the wall. Feeling she belongs in the Arcadia Movement, she refuses to let Misty destroy it.
 
         Ccarayhua enters Misty.     
 Both ladies ready their Duel Disks and begin. Akiza goes first and Summons " Twilight Rose Knight " and uses its effect to Summon " Lord Poison ". Tuning both monsters and chanting  ""Chilling flames engulf the entire world. Pitch-dark flower, set into bloom. Synchro Summon! Appear now, 'Black Rose Dragon'!" , she  Synchro Summons  " Black Rose Dragon ". Her Summoning "Black Rose Dragon" is proof to Misty that Akiza is a  Signer . She flashes back to a time when she was rushed through hospital corridors on a stretcher, while in critical condition. She wasn't sure why her life was spared that day, but remembers the Lizard " Earthbound Immortal ", " Ccarayhua " leaping inside her body. Unaware what it was, she knows that it told her to kill the servant of the  Crimson Dragon , Black Rose. Akiza fires 3 cards  face-down  into her  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends her turn.
 
Misty activates the  Field Spell Card , " Savage Colosseum ". The area transforms into a Colosseum-like setting, as the hallways are filled wth arches. She then activates " Field Barrier ", protecting it from destruction. Akiza is concerned over this. Next Misty Summons " Reptile Gorgon " and  equips  it with " Attack Pheromones " and " Molting Escape ". She orders "Reptile Gorgon" to attack "Black Rose Dragon". Akiza is surprised, as the attack is seemingly suicide, since "Black Rose Dragon" has 1000 more  ATK . Misty takes 1000  damage , but "Gorgon" is protected by "Molting Escape" and gains 100 ATK. As per the  Gorgons  from Greek Mythology, anyone who should look at one would be turned to stone.         Akiza faces Dark Signer Misty, with Black Rose Dragon petrified.      Having battled with "Reptile Gorgon", "Black Rose Dragon" becomes petrified, turning to stone and causing its ATK to drop to 0 and preventing it from changing  battle position . Misty then gains 300  Life Points  due to the effect of "Savage Colosseum".
 Akiza stands her ground and vows to protect the Arcadia Movement. Misty says she wouldn't count on that and says that even Sayer should be gone right about now.
 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Sayer vs. Carly Carmine 
 Turn 1: Sayer 
Sayer draws " Krebons " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1200/400) in  Attack Position . He then  activates  " Emergency Teleport " to  Special Summon  " Mind Protector " (0/2200) in  Defense Position . He then tunes "Krebons" with "Mind Protector" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Magical Android " (2400/1700) in Attack Position. On Sayer's  End Phase , the  effect  of "Magical Android" activates, increasing Sayer's  Life Points  by 600 for each  Psychic - Type  monster he  controls  (Sayer 4000 → 4600).
 Turn 2: Carly 
Carly draws. She then activates " Future Visions ". Now as long as this card is  face-up  on the  field , any  monster  that is Normal Summoned will be  removed from play  until the monster's  controller's  next  Standby Phase . Carly then Normal Summons " Fortune Lady Light " (?/?) in Attack Position. Due to the first effect of "Fortune Lady Light", its ATK and DEF are equal to her  Level  times 200 ("Fortune Lady Light": ? → 200 / ? → 200). The effect of "Future Visions" then activates, removing from play "Fortune Lady Light" until Carly's next Standby Phase. 
 The third effect of "Fortune Lady Light" then activates, allowing Carly to Special Summon " Fortune Lady Fire " from her  Deck  in Attack Position (?/?). Due to the first effect of "Fortune Lady Fire", its ATK and DEF are equal to her Level times 200 ("Fortune Lady Fire": ? → 400 / ? → 400). 
 The third effect of "Fortune Lady Fire" then activates,  destroying  "Magical Android" and inflicting the latter's ATK as damage to Sayer (Sayer 4600 → 2200). "Fortune Lady Fire" then  attacks   directly  (Sayer 2200 → 1800). Carly  Sets  a card.
 
 Continued next episode... 
 Akiza Izinski vs. Misty Tredwell 
 Turn 1: Akiza 
Akiza  draws  " Twilight Rose Knight " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1000/1000) in Attack Position. She then activates the effect of "Twilight Rose Knight" to Special Summon " Lord Poison " (1500/1000) from her hand in Attack Position. 
 Akiza then tunes "Lord Poison" with "Twilight Rose Knight" in order to Synchro Summon " Black Rose Dragon " (2400/1800) in Attack Position. Akiza Sets three cards (" Dimension Reversion ", " Synchro Spirits ", and " Urgent Tuning ").
 Turn 2: Misty 
Misty draws. She activates " Savage Colosseum ". Now if a monster attacks, the monster's controller will gain 300 Life Points at the end of the Damage Step. All monsters also must attack if they are able to, but if any Attack Position monsters a player controls do not attack, they will be destroyed during the End Phase. Misty then activates " Field Barrier ". Now the current Field Spell that is on the field can't be destroyed and no new Field Spell can be activated while the current Field Spell is face-up. Misty then Normal Summons " Reptile Gorgon " (1400/1400) in Attack Position. 
 Misty equips "Reptile Gorgon" with " Attack Pheromones " and " Molting Escape ". Due to the effect of "Attack Pheromones", if the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, that monster will be switched to Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step. Due to the effects of "Molting Escape", the equipped monster can't be destroyed by battle once per turn. Each time this effect is applied, the equipped monster will gain 100 ATK at the end of the Damage Step. 
 "Reptile Gorgon" attacks "Black Rose Dragon". Due to the first effect of "Molting Escape", "Reptile Gorgon" is not destroyed (Misty 4000 → 3000). The second effect of "Molting Escape" activates ("Reptile Gorgon": 1400 → 1500/1400). The effect of "Reptile Gorgon" activates after damage calculation, reducing the ATK of "Black Rose Dragon" to 0 ("Black Rose Dragon": 2400 → 0/1800) and forbidding Akiza from changing its Battle Position. The first effect of "Savage Colosseum" activates (Misty 3000 → 3300).
 
 Continued next episode... 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub,  Carly  fell into a cloud of purple mist instead of an old building. This causes  Sayer  to speculate what the purple mist may be. However, her body can still be seen through the fog, albeit for the audience as the camera was pulling in on Carly. 
 In the original when Carly's face is shown in close up, she didn't say anything. In the dub she thinks that the landing wasn't as hard as she thought, however this contradicts her expression. Though this could simply considered her shock and confusion. 
 In the dub, as Carly becomes a  Dark Signer , she says that she feels that something is happening to her. She said nothing in the original. 
 In the dub, when Carly becomes a Dark Signer, the music cue used when the  Egyptian Gods  are Summoned is played. 
 In the original, Sayer didn't think that he was imagining Carly and thought it was the "stress of his job". 
 In the original, Carly stated that her  Mark of the Shadows  was telling her to take people's souls. This idea is removed from the dub, instead she told Sayer that the Dark Signers were recruiting and chose her. 
 In the original, Sayer didn't know what a Dark Signer was. 
 In the dub, the bottom card of Sayer's Deck is " Storm Caller ". It is unrecognizable in the original. 
 In the original, Sayer didn't say that Carly "couldn't log herself onto a fan site for  Jack Atlas ". 
 In the dub, after Carly's first turn, when she "condemns" Sayer to the Netherworld, the portion when she talks and her mouth appears demonic is cut. 
 In the dub,  Akiza  didn't really know who  Misty  was. 
 In the original, Misty wasn't glad that her meeting with Akiza would result in a Duel. 
 In the original,  Jack  drove up the building to get away from the forming  Nazca Line . In the dub, he simply wants to get a better look of it; he knew about it from Kalin's duel with Yusei, so he would want to know where a Signer was dueling. 
 In the dub, from the commercial transition the  Arcadia Movement  building is shown again. It was only shown once in the original. 
 In the dub, Misty knew she was saved to find out what happened to  her brother . In the original she didn't know why she was saved. 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when Carly  Summoned  " Fortune Lady Light ", her " Future Visions " activated but she called it "Fortune Visions". 
 In the dub, after Sayer's " Magical Android " is destroyed, his  Life Points  are shown at 4000 instead of 4600. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Carly Carmine Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Fortune Fairy Ann [Notes 1] 
 Fortune Fairy Chee [Notes 1] 
 Fortune Fairy En [Notes 1] 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari [Notes 1] 
 Fortune Fairy Hu [Notes 1] 
 Fortune Fairy Swee [Notes 1] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Lady Earth [Notes 2] 
 Fortune Lady Fire [Notes 3] 
 Fortune Lady Light [Notes 4] 
 Fortune Lady Wind [Notes 5] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Future Visions 
 
 Sayer Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mind Protector 
 Tuner monsters 
 Krebons Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Magical Android Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Teleport 
 
 Akiza Izinski Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord Poison 
 Tuner monsters 
 Twilight Rose Knight Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black Rose Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Dimension Reversion 
 Synchro Spirits 
 Urgent Tuning 
 
 Misty Tredwell Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Reptile Gorgon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attack Pheromones 
 Field Barrier 
 Molting Escape 
 Savage Colosseum 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   This card dropped from the sky and onto Carly's body when she was about to be resurrected. 
 
 ↑   This card transformed from " Fortune Fairy Chee ". 
 
 ↑   This card transformed from " Fortune Fairy En ". 
 
 ↑   This card transformed from " Fortune Fairy Hikari ". 
 
 ↑   This card transformed from " Fortune Fairy Hu ". 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/YGO5Ds038.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304194649', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/5Dx038_Transformation.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090108222027', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/5Dx038_Hummingbird.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081217215050', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/5Dx038_Misty_confronts_Aki.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090104210041', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/5Dx038_Lizard_and_Hummingbird_lines.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081217181030', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/5Dx038_Ccarayhua_strikes.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090104210039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/5Dx038_Petrification.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090104210218']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes