Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yuya%27s_pendant


 
 Yuya's pendant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alternate names
 
 
  Mysterious Duel Charm  Pendulum of Ruin (manga)
 
 
 
 Owner(s)
 
 
   Yuya Sakaki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in 
 
 
 
 
 
 Manga
 
 
   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Anime
 
 
   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Video games
 
 
   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special 
 
 
 
 
 The  Pendant , also known as the  Mysterious Duel Charm , is an item that belongs to  Yuya Sakaki  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. In the manga, it is called the  Pendulum of Ruin .
 This pendant and its abilities are a crucial plot device not only in the sense that it led to the creation of  Pendulum Summoning , but also in the sense that it made Yuya relevant to the story. The pendant's creating  Pendulum Monsters  made Yuya a person of interest for  LID , which led to Yuya meeting  Sora Perse , which eventually led to Yuya getting involved in the war against  Duel Academy .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Abilities 
 
 1.1   Monster Creation 
 1.2   Reaction to Dimensional Counterparts 
 
 
 2   Appearances 
 3   References 
 
 
 Abilities 
 Monster Creation 
 The Pendant is connected to Pendulum Monsters, as it changed the three  Effect Monsters  in Yuya's hand (" Stargazer Magician ", " Timegazer Magician ", and " Odd-Eyes Dragon ") to Pendulum Monsters, as well as several of Yuya's other monsters later on. [1]  It also most likely created nearly all of Yuya's other Pendulum cards, as he is seen using them before  Leo Corporation  started producing them.
 The Pendant also has the ability to create  Fusion Monsters  such as " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " [2]  and " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " [3] ,  Xyz /Pendulum Monsters such as " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " [4]  and " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon " [5] ,  Synchro Monsters  such as " Enlightenment Paladin " [6] , and Synchro/Pendulum Monsters such as " Nirvana High Paladin ". [7] 
 
 Reaction to Dimensional Counterparts 
 The Pendant appears to be related to Yuya's  dimensional counterparts , as it activated when he was  awakened  as a result of  Yuto 's memories surfacing. It later appears in the backdrop when he merges mentally with Yuto, enraging Yuya even more.
 
 Appearances 
 When Yuya Pendulum Summons, a giant version of this Pendant appears, swinging back and forward between the two  Pendulum Zones . [1]  This is unique to Yuya; instances of others performing a Pendulum Summon do not feature this phenomenon. [8] [9] [10] 
 The Pendant was abandoned after it fell off of Yuya's neck when he began to turn into  Z-ARC  after absorbing all of his dimensional counterparts. The Pendant was then picked up by  Sora . [11]  When Sora and  Aster  were defeated by Z-ARC, Sora passed the pendant on to  Shay , who alongside  Kite  intruded in their Duel. [12]  However, when Z-ARC defeated them, Shay passed the pendant on to  Gong , who also intruded the Duel with  Jack Atlas  just before their defeat. [13]  After Z-ARC defeated Gong and Jack, Gong passed the pendant on to  Sylvio , who intruded the Duel with  Crow  before their defeat. [14]  When Z-ARC defeated Sylvio, Crow, and  Leo Akaba , Sylvio passed the pendant on to  Declan , who intruded the Duel during his father's turn. However, after he was defeated by Z-ARC, Declan gave the pendant back to Yuya when he regained control of himself from Z-ARC. [15] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 79: " Road To Rebellion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/Yuya%27s_Pendant.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20140406234358']
Categories: Artifacts, Jewelry