Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Find_the_Keyring!


 
 Find the Keyring! 
 
 
 
 
 Find the Keyring! 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Find the Keyring! 
 
 
 Japanese  
 キーリングを探す！ 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Katsuya Jonouchi Hiroto Honda Tsuruoka 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi Katsuya Jonouchi Hiroto Honda 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 41:  " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 
 
 Find the Keyring! [1]  was a game in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  that  Dark Yugi ,  Katsuya Jonouchi ,  Hiroto Honda , and  Tsuruoka  played in an attempt to find  Anzu's   Lovely Two .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 Tsuruoka mocked the low achievement test grades of  Yugi ,  Jonouchi , and  Honda  to their peers as punishment for playing the  Achievement Test Bingo Game  while having low test scores. [2] 
 Tsuruoka then snatched the  Lovely Two  keychain  Anzu  had given to Yugi as a gift, from Yugi's pocket, citing that students are not allowed to bring games to school. Yugi objected that it was not a game. Jonouchi and Honda protested, ordering Tsuruoka to give it back and said that being a teacher doesn't give him the right to take other people's possessions. However, Tsuruoka retorted that unskilled slackers like them don't have the right to talk back to a teacher. Being a teacher, he claimed meant he could do whatever he wanted to slackers like them, even smash the keychain. As he went to step on it,  Dark Yugi  emerged. [2] 
 Dark Yugi said that they have more skills than he ever will and claimed to have never lost a game. Tsuruoka decided not to smash the keychain and instead use it in a game. He gave Yugi and his friends sixty minutes to find the game in the school. If they found it in time, they would get the game back, but if they didn't, they would get expelled and the game would be destroyed. [2] 
 
 The game 
 The game began 30 minutes later after the device had been hidden. Dark Yugi quickly deduced that the tester was within the building, having checked Tsuruoka's outdoor shoes. Anzu who had been bashful, seeing Dark Yugi out, gave him her love tester in the last few minutes of the game, hoping it would be of some help. Thinking people usually hide items where they can see the hiding spot, Dark Yugi went to Tsuruoka's office and Tsuruoka's adamant orders for them to get out confirmed this suspicion. Dark Yugi also believed it was hidden on Tsuruoka's body. With students not allowed to touch him and no way of proving this, Tsuruoka thought he had won. However Dark Yugi switched on Anzu's Lovely Two, which got a reading this time. The noise came from Tsuruoka's head, revealing he had a wig. Honda and Jonouchi recovered the tester, winning the game and Tsuruoka begged them not to tell anyone about his baldness. [2] 
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 41: " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 41: " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Find_the_Keyring.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160402012334']
Categories: Games (events)