Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_210


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 210 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 盗賊王バクラの最期 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tōzokuō Bakura no Saigo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Last Moment of Bakura, King of Thieves 
 
 
 English 
 Village of Vengeance - Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 210 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 23, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 14, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Summary 
 Diabound  was just about to destroy  Dark Magician / Mahad , when  Dark Magician Girl  appeared out of nowhere and brought him to safety. Meanwhile,  Priest Seto ,  Shimon ,  Karim , and  Isis  have finally arrived to provide assistance. Seto is immediately attacked by Kul Elna spirits, but  Shada 's " Two-Headed Jackal Warrior " protects him. As he continues to hold back the spirits, Seto & the others go to the underground shrine to help the  Pharaoh .
 Back inside the shrine, Mahad and Dark Magician Girl combine forces to attack Diabound, but still without any success: the spirits of Kul Elna are not only protecting it, they're increasing its strength. Exploiting this power boost, Diabound multiplies into three. This time, the magicians succeed at eliminating the duplicates, but the original unleashes its  Helical Shockwave  on Mahad. He gets knocked back to the wall, causing the Pharaoh to lose part of his life energy.
 Relentless, Diabound attacks again, but  Mana  activates a Spell similar to " Magical Hats ," concealing herself & the Pharaoh. Diabound however has the power to attack all hats at once. The Pharaoh & Mana's hiding place is soon revealed, and they are cast back. Just as Diabound is about to deliver the final blow, it's attacked by a flying scimitar revealed to be Seto's  Duos  and its  Aura Sword  attack.
 Isis summons  Mystical Elf  and restores the life energy of the Pharaoh. Karim summons  Curse of Dragon , which gets immediately attacked by Diabound but dodges the attack. The  Priests '  Ka  unite, with Mahad, Dark Magician Girl,"Duos, and Curse of Dragon all attacking at once on Diabound. However, its sheild still holds because of the spirits of  Kul Elna .
 At this point,  Aknadin  arrives at Kul Elna. He finds it hard to escape the wrath of its inhabitants' spirit, who hold him directly responsible for their fate so many years ago. He is however saved by Two-Headed Jackal Warrior. Then, Shada's  Millennium Key  senses a powerful force emanating from one of the houses. He and Aknadin enters to investigate, descending into an underground room. They are astonished to find the tablet of Diabound realizing that if the Tablet is attacked, Bakura's "Diabound" will be no more, Just as he's about to summon Two-Headed Jackal Warrior, however, Aknadin hits him with a big rock from behind. The Kul Elna spirits carry him away, as his Millennium Key is picked up by Aknadin.
 The battle goes on, with  Diabound  using its  Poison Fang Chain  attack and destroying Mystical Elf.  In the meanwhile, Bakura thinks that he'd rather wish that  Yugi  & co. find the 8th key soon enough. He knows it was a good idea to improve along the way and create a clone of his into  Tristan . Up on the surface,  Yugi  & his friends are still trying to elude Bakura's rider servants. It is then that Tristan (who's really  Yami Bakura  who has taken control of him) suggests that they should try to do something useful. 
 Yugi agrees, and realizes they should be looking for the Pharaoh's real name. That's something they'd been searching for since a long time ago, even before coming here. Yugi goes on arguing why the was name of the Pharaoh erased from the  Tablet of Lost Memories  until it finally hits Tristan; it  had  to be erased. They then remember what  Shadi  said; if this world is supposed to recreate what happened 3,000 years ago, then the Pharaoh is destined to face  Zorc  again, meaning the Pharaoh's real name has to be the key to defeating it. They all agree that they should visit the town again, as they may possibly be allowed into the palace as they've met the Pharaoh.
 Meanwhile, Duos attacks Diabound, but it once again counter-attacks for some heavy damage. Karim decides it is time to call upon the power of the  Millennium Scale . Karim's Curse of Dragon and Seto's Duos then combine to form  Duos Dragon , which then combines with Mahad's power for a  Ka  with triple their original individual strength. Duos Dragon uses its  Burst Flame  attack, with Diabound countering with  Helical Shockwave.  The two attack powers are equal, but using the power of Kul Elna's, the shockwave overcomes that of Duos Dragon.
 Duos Dragon uses its  Aura Sword  to block the shockwave, but Seto and the  Millennium Rod  begin to be damaged, due to the fiery. wrath of the spirits of Kul Elna. Karim then orders a  Burst Flame  attack, which the shield of the spirits seems to block, but it begins to melt under the heavy heat. As both sides give it their all, Bakura summons yet another monster,  Illushu  (which seems like an ancient version of  Meda Bat ). It severely wounds Karim, allowing the Kul Elna spirits to seize the Millennium Scale.
 Without the Scale, Duos Dragon splits back into Curse of Dragon and Duos. One final attack by Diabound wipes away the  Kas  and knocks everyone back. On the other hand, Bakura can now use the Millennium Scale to fuse Diabound and lllushu into an even more powerful monster. Finally, trying to protect everyone else, the Pharaoh walks forward and lets the spirits take him. Seto tries to convince him otherwise, but he insists on ending the grudge once and for all. 
 Kul Elna's spirits enter the Pharaoh's body and attempt to absorb his soul. However, the spirit of King  Aknamkanon  lives within the Pharaoh's heart, and he protects him. Aknamkanon absorbs all the dead spirits to lead them towards the Shadow Realm, where they belong. At the same time, Shada is released, and lacking the power of Kul Elna's spirits, Bakura's Diabound is weakened. The Pharaoh orders Mahad to destroy Diabound with one final point-blank  Dark Magic Attack . Now, Diabound's sealing tablet is finally shattered.
 
 Trivia 
 Tristan has become possessed by the piece of Bakura's soul put in him in their last meeting. This is easily noticed as there is shadows around his eyes and his simple black irisis have enlarged and are now olive-colored. This possession also grants him the ability to read Egyptian. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Bandit King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Skeleton Fiend 
 Diabound 
 Illushu 
 
 Mana Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 Pharaoh Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician  ( Mahad ) 
 
 Shada Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 
 Priest Seto Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 
 Isis Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Mystical Elf 
 
 Karim Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Yugioh210.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071017220953']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes