Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Archetype


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Archetype.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 What is destined for older archetypes, such as will their be further support for some later down the road? or will they eventually just become obsolete with newer archetypes? For example the ancient gears? they already have all the cards used in the show, so will that be it for that archetype? or will it be reborn later on down the road with newer cards?-- CloudAge  01:35, 11 April 2009 (UTC)
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Up to the Card Makers 
 2   List? 
 3   found the list 
 4   The support condition 
 
 
 Up to the Card Makers 
 We don't know, that s upto the card makers,I mean they may make more support with spells and traps, maybe not monsters, though they did Make Ancient Gear Knight.
 
 List? 
 Can somebody make a list or category regrouping all the archetypes please? ;)
 a list would be nice, but i dont have the time myself. and yes, the older archetypes will end up dyining scince they cannont compete with newer archetypes, most of the ones like archfiends have almost already died out, although there are going to be some graveskeeper support in abseloute powerforce, but they are still dying out too (other than graveskeepers spy and their field spell necrovalley).
 i guess one day tuners and synchros will grow old too (lets hope so, they are so anoying o.O) -  EndOfTheWorld  11:42, January 3, 2010 (UTC)
 
 found the list 
 hey there is a list and ive found it see the bottom of the page archetype? it has category:archetype on it, click on the archetype hyperlink and you will get a list of all the archytypes. sorry, just noticed this now ;) -  EndOfTheWorld  11:45, January 3, 2010 (UTC)
 
 The support condition 
 I have a question for the support condition. That "support" condition can it be monster-only? That is to say that Spell/Trap cards (if any) that go by type, attribute, etc. While monsters support the archetype, then that deck is an archetype? -- BGMaxie  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:58, October 19, 2014 (UTC)
 
 I'm not sure what you're referring to here, but: " Deskbot " is an archetype currently only supported by the effect of " Deskbot 002 ", and " Trap Hole "/" Hole " are archetypes currently only supported by " Goblin Pothole Squad " and " Traptrix " monsters. Does that answer your question? -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:31, October 19, 2014 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: