Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kuriboh_(archetype)


 
 Kuriboh 
 クリボー  ( Kuribō ) 
 
 
 
 
 On the arch, from left to right: " Rainbow Kuriboh ", " Kuriboh ", " Kuribon ", " Winged Kuriboh " and " Kurivolt "; center: " Kuriphoton " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Kuriboh 
 
 
 German 
 Kuriboh 
 
 
 Italian 
 Kuriboh 
 
 
 Korean 
 크리보   Keuribo   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Kuriboh 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Metal Raiders The Lost Millennium Cybernetic Revolution Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy promotional cards Duelist Pack: Jaden Yuki Starter Deck 2006 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Volume 3 promotional card Legacy of the Valiant Dimension of Chaos Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack Structure Deck: Yugi Muto Battle of Chaos Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny promotional cards Starter Deck: Yugi Evolution Forbidden Legacy Mattel Action Figure promotional cards: Series 3 Dark Revelation Volume 3 McDonald's Promotional Cards 2 Champion Pack: Game Two Dark Revelation Volume 4 Retro Pack Duel Terminal - Preview Wave 1 Dark Legends Duel Terminal - Preview Wave 2 Duelist Pack: Yugi Duelist League 2010 participation cards Duel Terminal 1 Duel Terminal 4 Duelist League 3 participation cards Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack Ra Yellow Mega Pack Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Starter Deck Yugi Reloaded Dragons of Legend 2014 Mega-Tin Mega Pack HERO Strike Structure Deck Duelist Pack: Battle City Yugi's Legendary Decks Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Millennium Pack Weekly Shonen Jump April 2016 membership promotional card 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Invasion: Vengeance Special Edition Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack: Gold Edition Legendary Duelists Weekly Shonen Jump November 2017 membership promotional card Structure Deck: Lair of Darkness Starter Deck: Codebreaker Duel Power Yu-Gi-Oh! Advent Calendar (2019) Legendary Duelists: Magical Hero Brothers of Legend Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting Legendary Duelists: Season 3 Speed Duel GX: Midterm Paradox 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Vol.7 Structure Deck: Yugi Asia Championship 2001 prize cards Duelist Legacy Volume.4 Structure Deck: Yugi Volume 2 Beginner's Edition 2 Expert Edition Volume 3 Premium Pack 9 Academy Duel Disk Special Set Expert Edition Volume 4 Duel Terminal - Synchro Awakening!! Duelist Pack: Yugi (OCG) Duel Terminal - Charge of the Genex!! Beginner's Edition 2 (2011) Memories of the Duel King: Duelist Kingdom Arc Advanced Tournament Pack 2014 Vol.2 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Legend Version Structure Deck: HERO's Strike Memories of the Duel King: Ceremonial Battle Arc Saikyō Jump September 2015 promotional card Structure Deck R: Advent of the True Monarch Millennium Box Gold Edition Millennium Deck Premium Pack 18 Saikyō Jump May 2016 promotional card Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist Saikyō Jump September 2017 promotional card Structure Deck R: Curse of the Dark Starter Deck 2018 Memories of the Duel King: Battle City Arc Premium Pack 2019 V Jump April 2019 promotional card Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 6 Animation Chronicle 2021 V Jump August 2021 promotional card Structure Deck: Overlay Universe Premium Pack 2022 History Archive Collection 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.2 Premium Pack Vol.11 Premium Pack Vol.14 1st Wave Premium Pack Vol.17 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (1999 flim) Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Kuriboh " (クリボー  Kuribō ) is an  archetype  used throughout the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. Most of its members are  Level  1  monsters  with 300  ATK  and 200  DEF . The archetype also contains a sub-archetype: " Winged Kuriboh ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearances 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Members 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Appearances 
 In the anime, "Kuriboh" monsters are notable for being the Spirit partners of the main characters. A few episodes point out that "Kuriboh" monsters have special connections to the main characters, who own various versions of this card.
 
       Yami Yugi  with " Kuriboh "     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ,  Yugi Muto  started with " Kuriboh ", which he could  discard  to reduce  battle damage  that he would take from his opponent to 0 as well as use " Multiply " to protect him from battle. He uses " Clear Kuriboh " in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions . He can discard it to negate a damage-dealing monster effect or banish it from the  Graveyard  to potentially prevent a direct attack.
 
       Jaden Yuki  with his spirit partner, " Winged Kuriboh "     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ,  Jaden Yuki 's Deck includes a " Winged Kuriboh " that he received from Yugi. His Kuriboh strategy focuses on Summoning " Winged Kuriboh LV10 " with " Transcendent Wings " and  Tributing  it to wipe out the opponent's  Attack Position  monsters and inflict damage. His  manga counterpart  also has " Winged Kuriboh LV9 ", which restricts the use of  Spell Cards . When his "Winged Kuriboh" is destroyed, all battle damage he takes that turn becomes 0.
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga,  Yusei Fudo  uses " Junkuriboh " in his Deck. He can discard it to negate any damage that would make his  LP  zero and destroy that card. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL ,  Yuma Tsukumo  obtains " Rainbow Kuriboh " during his time in  Astral World , which was his  father 's card, and quickly forms a bond with it. Yuma would use its first effect to prevent his opponent from attacking him and would later activate its second effect of special summoning itself to protect himself from direct attacks.
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga,  Yuya Sakaki  uses " Performapal Kuriborder ", which can prevent a direct attack, negate battle damage, and recover LP equal to the negated damage.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS , even though he does not use it in his  Main Deck ,  Yusaku Fujiki  used three copies of " Sphere Kuriboh " as shields during his infiltration of  SOL Technologies ' data bank.  Linkuriboh  would later cameo in an explanation on Link Monsters. Yusaku would later meet and obtain the " Linkuriboh " card after reuniting with  Ai  when the latter returned from the  Cyberse World . Yusaku uses "Linkuriboh’s" effect lowering his opponent's ATK points to 0, thus making the attack useless and preventing  Bohman ’s attempts at victory.
 
 Playing style 
 "Kuriboh" monsters are generally defensive in nature, and on their own, they tend to prevent  battle damage  from occurring to the user. However, some of their support cards allow them to rapidly turn the tables upon the opponent, such as the powerful " Winged Kuriboh LV10 " and " Detonate ". Most "Kuriboh" monsters have 200  DEF , so " Flamvell Poun " would be perfect for searching your Deck for them. So far, all non-monster support cards for the "Kuriboh" monsters are  Quick-Play Spell Cards , allowing them to function quickly in a themed Deck.
 The monster " Dystopia the Despondent " works very well with "Kuriboh" Decks as a majority of them are  Level  1.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Protection effect
 
 
 Ankuriboh 
 Discard this card to Special Summon 1 monster from either player's GY, except itself, to your field when an opponent's monster declares an attack.
 
 
 Astral Kuriboh 
 A "Number" Xyz Monster that was Xyz Summoned using this card as material cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects.
 
 
 Clear Kuriboh 
 Discard this card to negate the activation of your opponent's monster effect that would inflict damage.
 
 
 Junkuriboh 
 Send this card from your hand or field to the GY to negate the activation of your opponent's card or effect that would inflict damage to you and destroy that card.
 
 
 Kuriboh 
 Discard this card to prevent taking battle damage from an opponent's attack.
 
 
 Kuribohrn 
 Banish this card from your GY to Special Summon any number of "Kuriboh" monsters from your GY when an opponent's monster declares an attack.
 
 
 Linkuriboh 
 Tribute this card to change the ATK of an opponent's attacking monster to 0.
 
 
 Magikuriboh 
 Send this card from your hand to the GY to Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" from your Deck or GY after taking damage.
 
 
 Performapal Kuribohble 
 Special Summon this card from your hand when an opponent's monster declares a direct attack, then change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. If you would take battle damage from that battle, gain that much LP instead
 
 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Special Summon this card from your GY when an opponent's monster declares a direct attack.
 
 
 Relinkuriboh 
 Banish this card from your GY to prevent 1 monster you control from being destroyed in battle.
 
 
 Sphere Kuriboh 
 Send this card from your hand to the GY to change an opponent's attacking monster to Defense Position.
 
 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Prevent taking battle damage during the turn this card is destroyed and sent to the GY.
 
 
 Winged Kuriboh LV9 
 Banishes all activated Spell Cards while this card is face-up on the field.
 
 
 Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Tribute this card during your opponent's Battle Phase to destroy all Attack Position monsters they control and inflict damage to them equal to the combined original ATK of those destroyed monster(s).
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ankuriboh 
 Clear Kuriboh 
 Junkuriboh 
 Kuribabylon 
 Kuribah 
 Kuribandit 
 Kuribee 
 Kuribeh 
 Kuriboh 
 Kuribohrn 
 Kuriboo 
 Magikuriboh 
 Performapal Kuribohble 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Relinkuriboh 
 Sphere Kuriboh 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Winged Kuriboh LV9 
 Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Dystopia the Despondent 
 Flamvell Poun 
 Honest 
 Kinka-byo 
 Mystic Piper 
 Shining Angel 
 Skilled Brown Magician Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Baby Tiragon 
 Downerd Magician 
 Ghostrick Dullahan 
 Number 13: Embodiment of Crime 
 Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment 
 Number 39: Utopia Roots 
 Number 54: Lion Heart 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen 
 Slacker Magician 
 Sylvan Princessprite 
 Link Monsters 
 Linkuriboh 
 Relinquished Anima Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Berserker Crush 
 Detonate 
 Five Star Twilight 
 Multiply 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Transcendent Wings 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Creature Swap 
 Jack-In-The-Hand 
 Mimiclay 
 One for One 
 Quick Booster 
 Where Arf Thou? 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Painful Escape 
 Wolf in Sheep's Clothing 
 Trivia 
 In the anime,  Yusei Fudo  and  Yuya Sakaki  are the only main protagonists to not have a card from this archetype in their Decks. Instead, they receive one in their respective manga series. 
 v e 
 Kuriboh  cards 
   
" Kuriboh " 「クリボー」 Members 
 Ankuriboh Astral Kuriboh Clear Kuriboh Galakuriboh Junkuriboh Kuribah Kuribee Kuribeh Kuriboh Kuriboh Token Kuribohrn Kuriboo Linkuriboh Magikuriboh Performapal Barokuriboh Performapal ClassiKuriboh Performapal Kuribohble Rainbow Kuriboh Relinkuriboh Sphere Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh LV10 Winged Kuriboh LV9 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Support 
 Kuribabylon Kuribah Kuribee Kuribeh Kuribohrn Kuriboo Skilled Brown Magician 
 Generation Next 
 Related 
 Donyoribo @Ignister Kuribandit Kuribon Kuriphoton Kurivolt Light and Darkness Dragon Linguriboh Ma'at Palladium Oracle Mana Wretched Ghost of the Attic 
 Berserker Crush Detonate Five Star Twilight Monster Reborn Multiply Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone Transcendent Wings 
 
 v e 
 Kuriboh  クリボー a   Members 
 Clear Kuriboh Kuriboh Kuriboh Token Linkuriboh Rainbow Kuriboh Sphere Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Related 
 Donyoribo @Ignister Five Star Twilight Kuribabylon Kuribah Kuribandit Kuribee Kuribeh Kuribon Kuriboo Kuriphoton Kurivolt Kurivolt Token Linguriboh Multiply Rainbow Blessing Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh Transcendent Wings 
 
 v e 
 Kuriboh  クリボー m   Members 
 EnterMate BaroKuriboh EnterMate ClassiKuriboh Junkuriboh Kuriboh Linkuriboh Performapal Kuriborder Rainbow Kuriboh Rainbow Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh 9 Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Related 
 Alchemical Experiment Kuriphoton Kurivolt Light and Darkness Dragon Ma'at Transcendent Wings 
 
 v e 
 Kuriboh  クリボー dtz   Members 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Related 
 Kuriphoton Kurivolt 
 
   
" Winged Kuriboh " 「ハネクリボー」 Members 
 Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh LV10 Winged Kuriboh LV9 
 Support 
 Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone 
 Related 
 Kuriboh 
 Berserker Crush The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh Transcendent Wings 
 
 v e 
 Winged Kuriboh  ハネクリボー a   Members 
 Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Related 
 Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh Transcendent Wings 
 
 v e 
 Winged Kuriboh  ハネクリボー m   Members 
 Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh 9 Winged Kuriboh LV10 
 Related 
 Alchemical Experiment Light and Darkness Dragon Ma'at Transcendent Wings 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Kuri.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130909110248', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Yami_and_Kuriboh.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091211090921', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Winged_Kuriboh.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20081009192413']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)