Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crash_Town

      Awaited sunset at Satisfaction Town     
 Satisfaction Town  (サティスファクションタウン,  Satisufakushon Taun ), formerly  Crash Town  (クラッシュタウン,  Kurasshu Taun ), is a violent town in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's .
 
 History 
 The construction of Crash Town came to be when a rare mineral,  Dyne  was discovered in a mountain. Dyne, which can be used to make  Duel Runners , attracted people from various places to excavate it. Back then, Crash Town was constructed nearby the mountain from which the mineral came from. 
 The hardworking task of excavating the mountain was left to 2 individuals,  Malcolm  and  Radley . At the time, the two of them were able to gather people, but began to force many others to work at the mountain through  Duels . 
 The town then became ruled by such Duels. However, a town law was established that, for that reason, Duels are prohibited and can't be carried out until sunset. 
 Thus, such Duels take place under a high stake. Those who win can gain enormous amounts of money, alternatively the loser becomes a slave, forced to work at the mountain forever. 
 Due to Malcolm´s plan with  Barbara , the town went under the control of his family. Malcolm wanted to change the town's name to "Barbara Town” but because  Lawton  conspired with Barb against Malcolm, the town was renamed "Lawton Town". 
 However, this did not last long as  Yusei Fudo  and  Kalin Kessler  defeated Lawton in a Duel. As a result,  Sector Security  took Barb and Lawton into custody and the town is renamed "Satisfaction Town" in honor of  The Enforcers , Kalin's former team.
 It was last seen in  episode 152  during the very end of a Duel between Kalin and  Jack Atlas . Jack had been traveling and defeating several of his aquaintances from the past to prepare for his final Duel with Yusei to regain his title as King. Kalin notes his improvement, but says he still isn't satisfied, to which Jack wholeheartedly agrees.
 
 Non-canon 
 Crash Town (later, Satisfaction Town) appears in the game  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus .
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/Crash_town.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20091128023933']
Categories: Towns