Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_105


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 105 
 
 
 
 
 Shay stops Kite from leaving. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 レジスタンスの絆 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Rejisutansu no Kizuna 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Bonds of the Resistance 
 
 
 English 
 Fighting For Friendship 
 
 
 Number 
 105 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 15, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 26, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " LIGHT OF HOPE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Vision " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Director 
 Ippei Yokota 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Tsukasa Sunaga 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tomoaki Kado Kazuki Baba 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 " An Academic Test " 
 
 
 
 

" Fighting For Friendship ", known as " The Bonds of the Resistance " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth and fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on May 15, 2016, and in Canada on August 26, 2017. Nicktoons aired it on February 17, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on Apr 11, 2017.
 In order to stop  Kite , who is fighting  Duel Academy 's soldiers by himself,  Shay  rushed to his location. However, Kite refuses to take Shay's hand, and bares his fangs against him. In order to free Kite's heart from his rage, Shay…
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Kite Tenjo vs. Duel Academy Duelists 
 2.2   Shay Obsidian vs. Kite Tenjo 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya  bursts out of the rubble to see that  the Duelist  that he encountered is gone. He rises to his feet and reflects on the Commander-in-chief (Phoenix, in the dub, who he decides that he needs to find in order to find his father).
 
       Kite 's three " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragons " attack the  Duel Academy  students.     
 Elsewhere,  Allen  and  Saya  get over a rise to see  Kite  facing off against three  Duel Academy  Duelists, two in  red jackets  and one in  yellow . Allen states that Kite is there and tells Sayaka to come with him. Although the three Duelists all control " Ancient Gear Soldier ", Kite has his " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " and two other monsters that he has treated as "Galaxy-Eyes" with its effect. Sayaka whispers his name sadly, and Allen heads off down the slope, but Sayaka hesitates. Allen asks her what's wrong; doesn't she want to bring their comrade back? (in the dub, he asks if she forgot to walk) Sayaka eventually follows Allen after Kite. Kite attacks the Duel Academy Duelists with his three "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragons", wiping them out. Allen yells Kite's name and explains that they've been searching for him. Kite warns them not to get in his way and reminds them that he's already cut ties with them (In the dub, Kite sarcastically comments that he wasn't aware that he was lost and warns them that he has some unfinished business to attend to). He walks up to the Duel Academy students and Allen whispers his name sadly. The yellow-jacketed student begs Kite to spare them, but Kite simply asks them if they are ready to repent. Sayaka flinches in horror as Kite  seals  the three Duelists into cards. Sayaka turns away as Kite begins to leave without a word. Allen tells him to hold up and not to be so stubborn and come back with them; does he have any idea how worried Sayaka is? (In the dub, Allen adds that not only Saya, but he misses Kite as well.) But Kite continues to ignore him, and Allen grits his teeth in frustration.  Shay  puts his hand on Kite's shoulder and stops him, much to Allen and Sayaka's shock. Kite knocks Shay's hand aside and warns him that if he gets in Kite's way, then he'll turn Shay into a card as well before activating his  Duel Disk . Shay tells Kite to go ahead and try and Duel him (in the dub, it's Shay who, in response, asks if Kite will turn him into a card), before activating his own Duel Disk. Shay's Duel Disk declares, " Field Spell :  Crossover ", suffusing the area with blue and materializing the blue platforms, before scattering the  Action Cards . Allen tells them to wait, and  Gong  and  Sylvio  join them, Gong admonishing the two for Dueling when they are comrades. But neither Duelist is willing to back down, and Sylvio comments that it looks like the only thing that they can do is wait (in the dub he smiles, commenting that there's no harm in a warm-up) as Sayaka hides behind a ruined wall. Both Duelists cry, "Duel!"
 
       Shay  stands alongside his " Rise Falcon ".     
 Shay declares that he'll go first and he Summons " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius ". He activates its effect since it was  Normal  or  Special Summoned  this turn, allowing him to Special Summon another copy from his hand. Shay explains that the effect of the " Raidraptor - Retrofit Lanius " in his hand allows him to treat it as the same name as another " Raidraptor " monster he controls, allowing him to treat it as "Vanishing Lanius" and Special Summon it with the effect of the "Vanishing Lanius" he controls. (In the dub, he explains the effect more in line with the effect of  its TCG/OCG counterpart .) "Retrofit Lanius" appears, an image of "Vanishing Lanius" briefly flickering over its form. He explains that "Retrofit Lanius" can also be treated as two  Xyz Materials  and he overlays the  Level 4  "Vanishing Lanius" and "Retrofit Lanius",  chants , "Obscured falcon. Raise your talons sharpened by adversity. Spread your wings of rebellion!  Xyz Summon ! Appear now!  Rank 4 !  Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ! ((Dub) "From the shadows, the falcon soars on wings of courage, talons ready for the rebellion! I Xyz Summon! Witness the ascent of  Raidraptor - Rise Falcon !")" Kite angrily asks if Shay took the first move just to make that disgraceful misplay, pointing out that the effect of "Rise Falcon" can only be activated while the opponent controls Special Summoned monsters, but Kite controls none and Shay cannot even attack, so even if Shay Summons it now, he's just going to lose it and gain nothing. Shay challenges Kite to try and take it down if he can. (In the dub, Kite accuses Shay of going soft to the point that he won't turn people into cards anymore; Shay retorts that he's simply learned right from wrong.) He activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Raptor's Intercept Formation ", which will allow him to twice the  ATK  and  DEF  of an Xyz Summoned "Raidraptor" monster once per turn during his opponent's turn, which will increase the ATK of "Rise Falcon" to 2000. He  Sets  two cards and ends his turn. 
 Kite declares his turn and he draws a card (in the dub, he warns Shay that he's always two steps ahead of him). He explains that since he controls no monsters and his opponent controls a monster that was Special Summoned from the  Extra Deck , he can Special Summon " Cipher Twin Raptor " from his hand. Then he Normal Summons " Cipher Wing " and  Tributes  it to increase the  Levels  of all " Cipher " monsters he controls by 4. "Cipher Twin Raptor" increases to  Level 8  and Kite explains that it can also be treated as two Xyz Materials, before overlaying his Level 8 "Cipher Twin Raptor". He chants, "Galaxy shining in the darkness, embody the demon of revenge and become my very servant! Xyz Summon! Descend!  Rank 8 ! Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon! ("I Summon a monster that will scorch your chances of winning and send you plummeting into oblivion! I Xyz Summon Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon!" in the dub)" Sylvio observes that against the 3000 ATK "Galaxy-Eyes", even if Shay boosts the ATK of "Rise Falcon" to 2000 with his Continuous Spell Card he won't stand a chance. Gong adds that "Galaxy-Eyes" also has its " Cipher Subjection " effect that it used to defeat them. (In the dub, they more colloquially decry the monster and Shay's chances.) Kite proceeds to do just that, detaching an Overlay Unit from "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" to activate its effect, taking control of a monster his opponent controls with its effects negated. He declares "Cipher Projection" and "Galaxy-Eyes" releases waves of light from its wings, suffusing "Rise Falcon" in light.
 
       " Rise Falcon " is struck by the attack of " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ".     
 Shay activates another effect of "Raptor's Intercept Formation", allowing him to negate a card effect that targets an Xyz Summoned "Raidraptor" once per turn. Kite just declares his  Battle Phase  and attacks "Rise Falcon" with "Cipher Dragon's" "Cipher Stream of Destruction". Shay takes off running as the attack connects and he reminds Kite that due to the effect of "Raptor's Intercept Formation" he can switch the ATK and DEF of "Rise Falcon". The ATK of "Rise Falcon" increases to 2000, but Allen gasps that this isn't good, since "Rise Falcon" will still be destroyed. But Shay leaps up several platforms and he activates the Action Spell " Miracle ", preventing the destruction of "Rise Falcon" and halving the damage. His  LP  falls to 3500, and he explains that since the battle has ended, the ATK of "Rise Falcon" returns to normal (in the dub, he tells Kite that none of his plans worked). Allen asks what an Action Spell is and Sylvio explains that the Action Cards that are scattered through the field can be used to assist you, which is how the  Lancers  fight. Kite appears angered that Shay used an Action Card, but Shay doesn't respond. Kite Sets two cards and ends his turn. He comments that Shay was planning to use the Action Cards all along, wasn't he? Shay asks what Kite means by that, and Kite replies that Shay has become a coward. Shay retorts that Kite can say that after he beats Shay (in the dub, he comments that Shay wouldn't resort to such cheap gimmicks; Shay responds that they'll see who gets the last laugh).
 
         Shay  activates " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force ".     
 He declares his turn and draws " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force ", which he immediately activates, using "Rise Falcon" as Xyz Material to Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" monster one  Rank  higher. He chants, " Rank-Up Xyz Evolution ! Appear now!  Rank 5 !  Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ! ("Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Rise up,  Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon !" in the dub)" He activates the effect of "Blaze Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to destroy all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls and then inflict 500 damage for each. "Blaze Falcon" releases its probes to fire green lasers at "Galaxy-Eyes", but Kite activates a  Trap Card , " Cipher Bit ", preventing his "Cipher" monster's destruction and then attaching itself to that monster as an Overlay Unit. Sylvio is shocked and Gong gasps that Kite not only prevented his monster's destruction, but he also turned his Trap Card into an Overlay Unit. Allen praises Kite, noting that he must have become stronger while fighting by himself. But the mere fact that Kite has been on his own saddens Sayaka (the shot of Allen and Sayaka is cut from the dub). Shay attacks, explaining that "Blaze Falcon" can attack directly, and "Blaze Falcon" swoops in, sending up a cloud of smoke that Yuya sees from around the corner. He wonders what it is and  Yuto  wonders if it's Duel Academy (in the dub, he specifies that the location is a Resistance stronghold). The force of the attack drives Kite to his knees and reduces him to 3000 LP. Shay states that "Blaze Falcon can also destroy a monster his opponent controls when it inflicts battle damage, and "Blaze Falcon" launches its gas-powered missiles, destroying "Galaxy-Eyes".
 
         Kite  summons a second " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ".     
 Shay reassures Kite that he knows how painful it is to lose one's family, since Shay himself could only think about annihilating Duel Academy after  Lulu  was kidnapped.  Kite angrily asks what Shay could know (In the dub, Shay reminds Kite that he is their friend no matter what he's done; Kite snaps that if Shay won't stay away, he'll make him) and activates another Trap Card, " Cipher Spectrum " since a "Cipher"  Xyz Monster  was destroyed while it had Overlay Units. He can Special Summon that monster and then another copy of it from his Extra Deck. Two "Cipher Dragons" appear and roar. Shay ends his turn and Sylvio laments that Kite Summoned another "Cipher Dragon" just when they thought they'd destroyed it. Shay declares that even if they are knocked down they will continue to crawl back up and fight again alongside their comrades, and that is the spirit of  the Resistance . He tells Kite that he hasn't forgotten that spirit. Kite doesn't respond, and Allen muses, "Alongside our comrades…" (In the dub, Shay insists that he wants to win the war as much as Kite does, but that there's a right and a wrong way to do it; if Kite continues on his current path, he's no better than the Fusion Dimension. Allen's musing is cut from the dub.)
 
         Kite 's first attack knocks  Shay  down.     
 Yuya runs up and tells Shay and Kite to stop it (in the dub, he expresses relief that they're okay, having not realized that they are Dueling each other). Gong and Sylvio are surprised to see Yuya, and Yuya stops in between Shay and Kite, asking them why they are fighting when they're comrades. Allen tells Yuya to stay out of it since he's an outsider, much to Yuya's protest (in the dub, Allen just says, "You again"). Kite comments that Shay said comrades, didn't he? Yuya turns to Kite in surprise, and Kite explains that "Galaxy-Eyes" is part of him, so he doesn't need something stupid like comrades. Right now, the only one that he can rely on is himself. (In the dub, Kite explains why they're fighting, commenting that actions speak louder than words, which is why he'll defeat Shay.) He declares his turn and draws. Shay calls Yuya's name (in the dub, he reassures him that he's got this) and Yuto tells Yuya that they'll have to leave this to Shay. Kite declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Blaze Falcon" with one of his "Cipher Dragon's" "Cipher Stream of Destruction". Shay activates the effect of "Raptor's Intercept Force", switching the ATK and DEF of "Blaze Falcon". The attack strikes as the ATK of "Blaze Falcon" rises to 2000, and Shay also activates a  Continuous Trap Card , " Overlay Armor ", allowing him to prevent the destruction of his Xyz Monster by detaching one of its Overlay Units. The shock of the damage flings Shay sideways and his LP falls to 2500. He explains that the ATK of "Blaze Falcon" returns to normal after damage calculation. (In the dub, he once again insists that Kite's way is the wrong way; something Shay knows because he started down that path too.) Sylvio admits that this is getting pretty nerve-wracking and Gong urges Shay to stick it out until the very end (cut from the dub). Shay gets to his feet and states that he went to the  Standard Dimension  without telling anyone, and Yuto followed him. It's because of comrades like Yuto that Shay is standing here right now. (In the dub, Shay continues to explain that while he did everything he could to get Lulu back, all his actions did was cause more pain and misery.) Yuto mutters Shay's name. Kite snaps that he already told Shay to shut up. (In the dub, Kite sarcastically comments that Shay is causing him a lot of pain and misery now and warns him that he and "Galaxy-Eyes" won't stand for cowards.) When Shay doesn't respond, Kite attacks "Blaze Falcon" with his other "Cipher Dragon", declaring "Cipher Stream of Annihilation". Shay activates the effect of "Overlay Breast Armour", detaching the remaining Overlay Unit to prevent "Blaze Falcon's" destruction. Kite warns him that he'll still take the damage, and Shay is blasted across the ground, his LP falling to 500 much to the other Lancers' and Sayaka's horror. Kite Sets a card and he ends his turn. 
 
         The dust clears to reveal  Shay  kneeling by a precipice.     
 The smoke clears to show Shay kneeling by a precipice; the wall that saved his life now crumbled behind him. Kite notes that even if Shay managed to protect "Blaze Falcon" its wings are already clipped. Allen glumly notes that "Blaze Falcon" only has 1000 ATK, and Shay has already used all of its Overlay Units. Gong adds that Shay has no cards in his hand and only 500 LP and Sylvio wonders what more he can do (in the dub, they are less specific). Shay declares that even if he's cornered and pushed to the brink of defeat he will never give in; not just for his own sake, but Kite's as well. Kite angrily notes that Shay has been driven into a corner and he still hasn't given up. Shay declares that he won't give up until he can make Kite listen to him and he walks forwards. (In the dub, Kite insists that he'll defeat Duel Academy alone and his way; Shay once again tells Kite that his way is the wrong way, and that he wants them to defeat Duel Academy the right way together.) Yuto admits that this is the first time that he's seen Shay like this, much to Yuya's surprise. Yuto explains that Shay is trying to deliver his own words to Kite through a Duel. (In the dub, Yuto attributes Shay's change in outlook to Yuya; previously, Shay wouldn't have hesitated to seal his foes into cards.) Shay returns to his place opposite Kite, and he declares that his true Duel with Kite starts now. He'll make sure that Kite knows the right path to walk on. 
 
         Shay  gathers  Action Cards  remembering the bonds he has forged with those he has met throughout the dimensions.     
 He declares his turn and draws as he sprints forwards. Kite observes that Shay is relying on Action Cards again and asks how Shay can make Kite know anything if all he can do is rely on the power of outsiders. Shay yells that the Lancers are not outsiders, but his comrades, and Action Cards are the power of his comrades. Kite asks, "Power of your comrades?" and Shay declares that he will believe in the power of his comrades and fight. He leaps up several platforms and he declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Cipher Dragon" with "Blaze Falcon". Allen tells him not to be reckless; the ATK of "Cipher Dragon" is 3000. Shay insists that he can overcome it as he snatches up an Action Card and leaps from a platform. He has other comrades besides Yuto. He remembers Gong, Sylvio,  Moon  and  Celina  assisting him (in the dub, he simply states that his friends give him hope), lands on a platform, and he activates the card; the Action Spell " Attack Force ", before taking off again. Sylvio explains that "Attack Force" increases the ATK of a battling monster whose ATK is lower than that of the opposing monster by 600. "Blaze Falcon" rises to 1600 ATK and Shay leaps from another platform with an Action Card in hand, declaring that he's formed a strong bond with another comrade in the  Synchro Dimension  as well as he remembers  Crow  (in the dub, he seems to attribute his changes to Crow). He lands and activates the Action Spell " High Dive " and runs off again. "Blaze Falcon" soars into the air and Gong explains that "High Dive" will increase the ATK of a monster by 1000 until the end of the turn and the ATK of "Blaze Falcon" increases to 2600. Shay declares that there are allies in the other dimensions, and by meeting them he's learned how important his comrades are. Sayaka whispers "comrades" (true friends in the dub) and she remembers sitting alone on a swing, and then being with  Yusho Sakaki  and enjoying herself with Lulu. She begins sobbing, much to Allen's shock. Shay grabs another Action Card and Sylvio cheers that he did it. Shay lands, and looks at the card –
 
         " Blaze Falcon " crashes into " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ".     
 -"What?" he gasps in shock. "Blaze Falcon" crashes into "Galaxy-Eyes" and is destroyed, and Shay falls to 100 LP. Kite muses that it seems like Shay wasn't able to overcome it and Shay gets to his feet and looks at his Action Card in full view of everyone else. Sylvio recognizes it as " Take Flight " (in the dub, Sylvio forgets its condition) and Gong explains that it can only be used when the player is  attacked . Sylvio curses, realizing that's why "Blaze Falcon" was destroyed. 
 
         " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon " is  Xyz Summoned .     
 Kite remarks that Shay stated that Action Cards were the power of his comrades, but as Shay seeks that out, he will eventually lose his wings. Shay closes his eyes stoically. Kite continues that when people lose the comrades they trust, they will be inflicted with an unbearable sorrow. In the end they are nothing more than a hindrance. (In the dub, Kite clarifies that friends will eventually let him down, and that's why Kite fights alone, so that he won't be let down, nor let them down; he has had enough of losing people and he'll never join Shay.) Shay declares that he will fight alongside his comrades because he doesn't want to lose them, and he will also shoulder the wishes of the people that he's lost. (In the dub, Shay notes that Kite thinks that he won't get hurt if he doesn't care, but he should, and will regardless.) He activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force ", Special Summoning the "Blaze Falcon" that was destroyed in battle and use it as Material to Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" that is double its Rank. He chants, "Ultimate and supreme falcon. Carry on the wishes of your fallen friends. Fly off to the sky of victory! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Appear now!  Rank 10 !  Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon !" ("I call upon my most brazen bird of prey! With its alloy wings, it can swoop down and wipe away any target! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Soar forth, Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon!" in the dub.) Kite observes in surprise that the 3500 ATK "Ultimate Falcon" has higher ATK than "Cipher Dragon". Shay activates a Trap Card, " Ultimate Full Burst ", allowing an Xyz Monster that has been Ranked-Up during the Battle Phase to activate its effect by detaching Overlay Units; and in addition it will be able to attack all of his opponent's monsters. He detaches the Overlay Unit from "Ultimate Falcon", negating the effects of all cards his opponent controls and reducing the ATK of all monsters they control by 1000. Both "Cipher Dragons" fall to 2000 ATK, and Shay attacks one of them with "Ultimate Falcon's" "Broadside Barrage" attack, destroying it and reducing Kite to 1500 LP. Sylvio cheers the attack and Gong declares that the next attack will end the match. Shay declares that this is the power of those who believe in their comrades, and Kite is their comrade as well (In the dub, Shay declares that his friends have allowed him to grow as a Duelist, just as they used to in training before the war). Kite doesn't react, but he appears to recall himself and Shay being surrounded by children, and Yusho Sakaki among them with a child on his shoulder. 
 
         Shay  sees his old friend  Yuto  inside of  Yuya , stating he had a hunch about him being close the entire time.     
 Yuto declares that he remembers his time at  Duel School . Yuya speaks in unison with him, stating that back then the children would always gather around when Kite and Shay Dueled one another. Gong, Sylvio, Allen and Sayaka all look at Yuya as he muses that all the children looked up to Shay and Kite. Sayaka gasps and Allen asks how Yuya knows something like that. Yuya places his hand on his chest and he explains that Yuto is residing inside him, much to Sayaka and Sylvio's surprise. Gong asks what Yuya means. Shay simply glances at Yuya and addresses Yuto, commenting that he was close by after all, admitting that he had a hunch about that. Yuto smiles and nods at his best friend and Shay returns the gesture. Shay turns back to Kite and declares that this is the end, ordering another "Broadside Barrage" attack from "Ultimate Falcon". 
 
         " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " bats the attack of " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon ".     
 But the visions of smiling children that Kite sees are replaced by flames and the cards that they were sealed in floating in the air. Kite activates the effect of the " Cipher Mirror Knight " in his hand, sending it and a card on his field to the Graveyard to Special Summon the destroyed "Cipher Dragon" from his Graveyard. He explains that the card that he sent to the Graveyard was " Cipher Clone Magic " (which in the dub, he specifies as a Trap), which allows him to send a Continuous Spell Card from his Deck to the Graveyard and activate its effect. He sends " Cipher Interference " to the Graveyard, and reminds Shay that due to the effect of "Cipher Interference" he can double the ATK of a "Cipher" monster he controls when he controls at least two "Cipher" monsters with the same name. He doubles the ATK of the "Cipher Dragon" that Shay attacked to 4000, and Kite reminds Shay that the effect of "Ultimate Full Burst" will force him to attack all of Kite's monsters, including the "Cipher Dragon" with higher ATK. The black hole surges towards "Cipher Dragon", and it swats the blast with its tail back at "Ultimate Falcon", destroying it. Shay is blasted backwards and his LP is reduced to zero. Yuya and Allen gasp in shock at Shay's defeat as Sylvio, Gong and Sayaka watch in horror. Shay opens his eyes in pain as the Action Field dissipates.
 
         Saya  begins to bawl, blaming herself for the capture of her best friend  Lulu .     
 Kite walks up to Shay and he asks him if he is ready to repent (in the dub, Kite says he warned Shay). He readies his Duel Disk and Yuya begs him to stop. But it's Sayaka's plea for Kite to stop that stops him in the tracks. Everyone turns to look at Sayaka as she falls to her knees and sobs into her hands, begging Kite to spare Shay. They can't lose Shay too, not after losing Lulu. Allen reassures Sayaka that it wasn't her fault, but Sayaka insists that it was. 
 
         Lulu  is captured and taken to  Duel Academy  by  Yuri .     
 She remembers seeing Lulu facing off against  Yuri , who told Lulu that if he won their Duel she had to do what he said. Sayaka hid behind a wall as Yuri activated his " Violet Flash "  Spell Card , blinding the girls with a bright light. Sayaka laments that it's because she was a coward back then that Lulu was kidnapped and everyone looks at her in shock. But Kite raises his hand, his fingers hovering above the command that will transfer Shay into a card, everyone gasps and Sayaka continues to cover her eyes…
 Kite narrows his eyes and removes his fingers from his Duel Disk before walking away (in the dub, he states that he's leaving, and warns them not to look for him). Shay and Sayaka stare after him and Yuya whispers Kite's name (in the dub, he asks him not to go). As Kite walks away a cloud of dust obscures him from view.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Kite Tenjo vs. Duel Academy Duelists 
 Duel is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Kite   controls  " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " and two unknown  monsters  both being treated as "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon", via the  effect  of the original one. The 3  Duel Academy   Duelists  each control a copies of " Ancient Gear Soldier ". The "Cipher Dragons"  attack  and  destroy  all three "Ancient Gear Soldiers" (Duel Academy Students: ??? → 0 LP).
 
 Shay Obsidian vs. Kite Tenjo 
         Kite  vs.  Shay .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Shay 
 Shay   Normal Summons  " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " (1300/1600). As it was Normal or  Special Summoned  this  turn , its  effect  activates, letting him  Special Summon  a second copy of "Vanishing Lanius" from his hand in  Attack Position . He then uses the effect of the " Raidraptor - Retrofit Lanius " (800/1200) in his hand, allowing him to make its  Level  and name the same as another " Raidraptor " monster he  controls  until the  End Phase . He makes its name "Vanishing Lanius" and Special Summons it via the effect of "Vanishing Lanius". The other effect of "Retrofit Lanius" treats it as two monsters for an  Xyz Summon . Shay overlays his two Level 4 monsters treated as three to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " (100/2000) in  Attack Position . He activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Raptor's Intercept Formation " and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Kite 
As Shay controls a monster Special Summoned from the  Extra Deck  and Kite controls no monsters, Kite Special Summons " Cipher Twin Raptor " (1600/800) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. He Normal Summons " Cipher Wing " (1400/1200). Kite activates the effect of "Cipher Wing",  Tributing  it to increase the Levels of all " Cipher " monsters he controls by 4 ("Cipher Twin Raptor"   4 → 8). The other effect of "Twin Raptor" treats it as two monsters for an Xyz Summon. Kite overlays his Level 8 monster treated as two monsters to Xyz Summon " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Kite activates the effect of "Cipher Dragon",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to take control of a monster his opponent controls until the End Phase. That monster's effects will be  negated  and it will be unable to  attack   directly , but its name and  ATK  will become the same as that of "Cipher Dragon". He targets "Rise Falcon", but Shay activates the effect of "Raptor's Intercept Formation",  which lets him negate an effect that targets an Xyz Summoned "Raidraptor" monster he controls  once per turn . "Cipher Dragon" attacks "Rise Falcon", but Shay activates the other effect of "Raptor's Intercept Formation", letting him switch the ATK and  DEF  of an Xyz Summoned "Raidraptor" monster he controls during  damage calculation   once per turn  ("Rise Falcon": 100/2000 → 2000/100). Shay finds and activates the  Action Card , " Miracle ", preventing his monster's  destruction by battle  and halving the  battle damage  (Shay: 4000 → 3500 LP). Kite Sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Shay 
Shay  draws  and subsequently activates " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force ",  Ranking Up  "Rise Falcon" and performing a  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to Special Summon " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon " in Attack Position (1000/2000). Shay activates the effect of "Blaze Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to destroy all monsters Kite controls and inflict 500  damage  for each monster destroyed. As a "Cipher" Xyz Monster would be destroyed, Kite activates his  face-down  " Cipher Bit " to prevent his monster's destruction and  attach  "Cipher Bit" to it as an Overlay Unit. The other effect of "Blaze Falcon" lets it attack directly (Kite 4000 → 3000). As "Blaze Falcon" inflicted battle damage to Kite, Shay can destroy a monster Kite controls. He destroys "Cipher Dragon". Kite activates his face-down " Cipher Spectrum " as a "Cipher" Xyz Monster was destroyed while it had Overlay Units attached. He can Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard, then Special Summon a second copy of the original monster from the Extra Deck,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . Kite Special Summons "Cipher Dragon" (3000/2500) from the Graveyard and Special Summons another one from the Extra Deck (3000/2500).
 Turn 4: Kite 
A "Cipher Dragon" attacks "Blaze Falcon", but Shay activates the effect of "Raptor's Intercept Formation" to switch his monster's ATK and DEF during damage calcuation ("Blaze Falcon": 1000 → 2000/2000 → 1000). Shay activates his face-down " Overlay Armor ", which lets him prevent his "Raidraptor" monster's destruction by  battle  by detaching one of its Overlay Units instead (Shay 3500 → 2500). The second "Cipher Dragon" attacks "Blaze Falcon", but Shay uses the effect of "Overlay Armor" to prevent its destruction (Shay 2500 → 500). Kite Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Shay 
"Blaze Falcon" attacks a "Cipher Dragon". Shay finds and subsequently activates the Action Card " Attack Force ". Since "Blaze Falcon" is battling with a monster with higher ATK, it gains 600 during damage calculation only (1000 → 1600). Shay finds and activates the Action Card " High Dive ", increasing the ATK of "Blaze Falcon" by 1000 (1600 → 2600). Shay finds the Action Card " Take Flight ", but since it is only able to be activated when Shay's monster is attacked, he is unable to activate it. The attack continues and "Blaze Falcon" is destroyed (Shay 500 → 100). Shay activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force " which allows him to Special Summon a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster that was destroyed by battle from his Graveyard, then Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster with double the Summoned monster's Rank by using that monster as the Overlay Unit. He Special Summons "Blaze Falcon" and Ranks it Up while performing a Rank-Up Xyz Evolution to Special Summon " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon " (3500/2000). As he has Xyz Summoned an Xyz Monster during his  Battle Phase  with the effect of a " Rank-Up-Magic "  Spell Card , Shay activates his face-down " Ultimate Full Burst ", letting him activate that monster's effect that would be activated by detaching an Overlay Unit and forcing that monster to attack all monsters his opponent controls once each, but the monster will be destroyed during the End Phase. Shay activates the effect of "Ultimate Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to negates the effects of all of Kite's cards and decreases the ATK of Kite's monsters by 1000 (Both "Cipher Dragons" 3000 → 2000). "Ultimate Falcon" attacks and destroys a "Cipher Dragon" (Kite 3000 → 1500). "Ultimate Falcon" attacks the other "Cipher Dragon". As a "Cipher" monster he controlled was destroyed by battle, Kite activates the effect of the " Cipher Mirror Knight " in his hand. Kite can  send  it and a card he controls to the Graveyard to Special Summon the destroyed monster from the Graveyard. Kite sends his face-down " Cipher Clone Magic " and Special Summons the first "Cipher Dragon" (3000/2500). As "Cipher Clone Magic" was sent from his field to the Graveyard, Kite activates its effect to send a  Continuous Spell Card  from his  Deck  to the Graveyard and apply its effects. Kite sends " Cipher Interference ", doubling the ATK of the attacked " Cipher " monster during damage calculation once per turn if he also controls a second copy of that monster ("Cipher Dragon" 2000 → 4000). A  replay  occurs, but "Ultimate Full Burst" forces "Ultimate Falcon" to attack "Cipher Dragon". "Ultimate Falcon" is destroyed (Shay 100 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Retrofit Lanius 
 Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force 
 Raptor's Intercept Formation 
 Traps 
 Overlay Armor 
 Ultimate Full Burst 
 
 Kite Tenjo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cipher Mirror Knight 
 Cipher Twin Raptor 
 Cipher Wing Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cipher Interference 
 Traps 
 Cipher Bit 
 Cipher Clone Magic 
 Cipher Spectrum 
 
 Duel Academy Duelists Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attack Force 
 Take Flight 
 High Dive 
 Miracle 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Black Sun [notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 Violet Flash 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Italian 
 Lotta per l'Amicizia
 
 
  Thai 
 สายสัมพันธ์ของรีซิสแท็นซ์
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on  Gong 's  Duel Disk . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/ArcV_105.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160516110822', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/3CipherDragonsAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234746', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/ShayByRiseFalcon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234612', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/RiseFalconStruckByCipherDragon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234559', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/ShayActivatesRaidForce.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234618', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/2CipherDragons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234553', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/ShayKnockedDown.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234515', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/ShayByPrecipice.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/ShayGathersActionCards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234348', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/BlazeFalconCrashesIntoCipherDragon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/RaidraptorUltimateFalcon-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160516102857', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/ShaySeesYuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234412', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/CipherBatsUltimateFalconAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234518', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/SayakaBlamesHerself.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817234400', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/Lulu_Being_Taken_by_Yuri_to_Duel_Academy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817232844', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/Kite_VS_Shay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160516132614', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes