Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Joey_Wheeler_and_Mai_Valentine%27s_Duelist_Kingdom_Duel


 
 Joey Wheeler and Mai Valentine's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler and Mai Valentine's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Joey Wheeler Mai Valentine 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  and  Mai Valentine  faced each other in  Duel Monsters  in the preliminaries of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  a similar Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 The  terrain  was 40%  Mountain , 40%  Forest  and 20%  Grassland .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 
 2.1   Anime 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Joey was looking for his first opponent in the tournament.  Yami Yugi  advised him to choose a  terrain  that suited his Deck. (In the English version, Yami advised him to find an opponent at his level.) Since his Deck contained mostly  Warrior  and  Beast-Warrior - Type  monsters, Joey thought the  Grassland  would be fine.
 Mai had wanted to Duel Yami, but thought it was a bad strategy to face him straight away. Planning on beating weaker Duelists and gathering more  Star Chips  first, she challenged Joey to a Duel.
 Since Joey had only one Star Chip and Mai was a powerful opponent,  Téa Gardner  tried talking Joey out of accepting the Duel, as losing would result in his elimination. She asked Yami to try talking him out of it, but Yami wished Joey luck. Joey had hoped Yami would say that as he wanted to accept the Duel rather than be remembered as a coward.
 Joey and Mai each bet one Star Chip. Before they began, Joey asked Mai why she entered the tournament. Mai replied that she wanted the prize money to spend on glamour. Joey said that was a weak reason and that he was fighting to save a life. 
 
 Duel 
 Mai used her  Aroma Tactics , in which she had scented her cards with various perfumes, allowing her to tell what they were by their smell. She used to tell what her cards were without looking and passed it off as a sixth sense.
 1st turn: Joey 
 Joey Summoned " Masaki the Legendary Swordsman " in the Grassland ("Masaki": 1100 → 1430  ATK ).
 2nd turn: Mai 
 Mai Summoned " Harpie Lady " in the Mountains ("Harpie Lady": 1300 → 1690 ATK)
 "Harpie Lady" attacked "Masaki". Since land monsters were disadvantaged against flying monsters, "Masaki" lost its  Field Power Bonus  (ATK: 1430 → 1100) and was destroyed by battle (Joey: 2000 → 1410  Life Points ).
 3rd turn: Joey 
 Joey was distracted by Mai's Aroma Tactics. He Summoned " Tiger Axe " in the Grassland ("Tiger Axe": 1300 → 1690 ATK) and attacked "Harpie Lady". Like with "Masaki", "Tiger Axe" lost its Field Power Bonus ("Tiger Axe": 1590 → 1300 ATK) and was destroyed (Joey: 1410 → 1020 Life Points).
 Turn 4: Mai 
Mai draws. She then  Sets  a card (" Cyber Shield ").
 Turn 5: Joey 
Joey draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 6: Mai 
Mai activates her face-down "Cyber Shield", equipping it to "Harpie Lady" and increasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by 500 ("Harpie Lady": 1690 → 2190/1820 → 2320). "Harpie Lady" attacks and destroys Joey's Set " Kojikocy " ( 1500  → 1950/ 1200  → 1560).
 Turn 7: Joey 
Joey draws. At this point, Joey tries thinking about how Mai could see what cards she's playing without looking at them, then notices the perfumes coming from her cards. He calls out her bluff and then he Normal Summons " Baby Dragon " ( 1200 / 700 ) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 8: Mai 
Mai activates her face-down " Elegant Egotist " to turn one "Harpie Lady" into three " Harpie Ladies " ( ???  →  Expression error: Unrecognized punctuation character "?". / ???  →  Expression error: Unrecognized punctuation character "?".  for newly Summoned "Harpie Ladies") in Attack Position. None of Mai's monsters can attack during this turn due to "Elegant Egotist's"  effect .
 Turn 9: Joey 
Joey draws " Time Wizard " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( ??? / ??? ) in Attack Position. Joey then activates the effect of "Time Wizard" and succeeds at the effect. Since the effect of "Time Wizard" was activated successfully, "Baby Dragon" is turned into " Thousand Dragon " ( 2400 / 2500 ). Doing this also ages Mai's "Harpie Ladies", reducing their ATK to their  original value  ("Harpie Ladies": 2190 → 1300/2320). "Thousand Dragon" attacks and destroys all three "Harpie Ladies" (Mai: 2000 → 0 LP).
 Joey wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Cards used 
 Anime 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman 
 Tiger Axe 
 Kojikocy 
 Baby Dragon 
 Time Wizard 
 Thousand Dragon 
 
 Mai Valentine Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Harpie Lady 
 Harpie Lady Sisters Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyber Shield 
 Elegant Egotist 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 6: " First Duel " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/Joey_VS_Mai_-_Duelist_Kingdom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170624163413']
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels