Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kisara


 
 Kisara 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 キサラ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 94: " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Carrie Keranen 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Rie Nakagawa 
 
 
 German voice 
 Julia Kaufmann 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Elisa Villon (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Kisara  (キサラ  Kisara ) is a mysterious woman who appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series. She carries the spirit and soul of the mighty " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ".
 In the  OCG / TCG , " Maiden with Eyes of Blue " is based on Kisara.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Memory world 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Spirit Monster 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Kisara has pale skin, white waist-length hair with tones of baby blue and bright blue eyes which is very unusual for an Egyptian. This is probably due to the fact that she carries the spirit and soul of the mighty "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" deep within her.
 
 Personality 
 In the manga, Kisara is portrayed as mysterious and lonely. Despite her timid nature, she exudes a quiet confidence. When faced with death, she accepts it without a fight; her passive personality is a testament to her weariness of life and the abuse it brings with it. Seto's selfless intervention on her behalf confuses her, but her gratitude increases and so her dragon is summoned from the depths of her sub-conscious. 
 Unknowingly, she becomes a beacon of light for Seto's increasingly jaded personality. As Seto saves her for a second time, these alien actions continue to quietly astonish her. However, in her final act of quiet strength, she is killed; as opposed to running to freedom, she slips back, to not leave Seto at the mercy of his father. 
 In the anime, Kisara is similar to her manga counterpart, but with some marked differences. She is more assertive, her link to Seto more defined and from the get go she allows herself to be his protector and the compass on which his conscience rests. As opposed to being overwhelmed by the events around her, she manages to understand her role in them and her sacrifice is amplified over the original, for she knowingly ends her life protecting Priest Seto. 
 The Blue-Eyes White Dragon is the manifestation of her inner strength and light.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 In the past,  Seto  saved Kisara from slave traders, and she repaid him by unconsciously releasing her inner dragon spirit after the traders set fire to his village and killed his mother. 
 
 Memory world 
 Years later, Seto again stumbles across Kisara being stoned because of her pale white skin, deep blue eyes and snow white hair.  Shada  senses the immeasurably strong strength and power within her—which he deems "equal to that of the Egyptian gods". Seto takes her back to the palace, where he recognizes her as the girl he once saved some years ago.
 After  Akhenaden  pledges his loyalty to  Zorc Necrophades , he kidnaps Priest Seto - revealed to be his son - and tries to brainwash him into usurping Pharaoh  Atem . Kisara is able to save him, although she dies taking a blow originally meant for Seto. (In the English version, Akhenaden said he knew that Kisara would try to protect Seto, and it was an effort to try and weaken her.) Akhenaden is then able to seal the Blue-Eyes in a stone tablet, along with Kisara's spirit. However, she later uses her spirit dragon to destroy Akhenaden and free Seto from his mind-control. She then pledges to serve him in this form, making him the new keeper of the Blue-Eyes White Dragon. 
Takahashi has stated that he originally planned for the story to have further explored the relationship between Seto and Kisara (including a subplot where Seto rebels against the pharaoh to avenge Kisara's death), but in order to meet a deadline these details had to be cut. According to Takahashi, Seto's feelings for Kisara are the basis of Kaiba's modern-day obsession with the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon." 
 
       Kaiba 's dream/vision of Kisara during the Battle City tournament.     
 After her death, Seto holds Kisara's lifeless body in front of the tablet - notably, this is the vivid vision Kaiba constantly sees during his battle with  Ishizu  in  Battle City .
 
 
 Other appearances 
 Kisara (manga) 
 Spirit Monster 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Kisara2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131216135850', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/Kisara_dead.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121216190901', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Kisara_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20091119181623', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters