Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Leichter


 
 Leichter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Leichter 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Kogoro Daimon 
 
 
 Other   
 Big 5 
 
 
 Japanese   
 大門小五郎 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 's assistant 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Team 
 The Big Five 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Lockdown 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Jinzo 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 View from Above 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Tom Souhrada 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Eiji Takemoto  (Legendary Heroes) Hisashi Izumi (Virtual World) [1] 
 
 
 German  
 Jörg Hengstler (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Jesús "Rolo" Rodríguez (Spanish from Spain) 
 
 
 
 Leichter , sometimes spelled "Lector", known as  Kogoro Daimon  in the Japanese version, was a member of  the Big Five . He was the former assistant to  Gozaburo  and later  Seto Kaiba . 
 As Gozaburo's assistant, Leichter was originally next in line to run  KaibaCorp  until Kaiba became president instead. Kaiba states that Leichter could have never run the company successfully due to his insufficient strategical ability and lack of own personal ideas.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   KaibaCorp 
 2.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.3   Legendary Heroes 
 2.4   Virtual Realm 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Anime 
 3.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Leichter is tall and has brown hair, brown mustache and beard and dark skin.  His business suit is purple. In the Virtual World, he takes the appearance of  Jinzo .
 
 Personality 
 Leichter seems to be loyal, as he helped raise Seto Kaiba and always performed his appropriate duties as Kaiba's right-hand man, although he may have only done this in the hope to gain more power. Leichter is more virtuous than the other Big Five members, as he was morally opposed to Seto Kaiba's deceitful schemes, while the other members often engaged in similar behavior. Despite this, he says he doesn't believe in playing fair, when he went back on his word to return Tristan's body. He is also very polite.
 
 Voice/mannerisms 
 In the English dub he speaks with a Southern US dialect. His voice is slightly more robotic when he is in his Jinzo form. He tends to address people as Mr. (surname), although he never did this when addressing Mokuba, Yugi/Yami, Gozaburo, his teammates or Noah. In the Spanish dub he keeps the "Mr." addressing but lacks the Southern Us dialect.
 
 Biography 
 KaibaCorp 
 Leichter worked as an assistant to  Gozaburo Kaiba  at  KaibaCorp . In the Japanese version, he sold weapons to foreign countries. In the English dub, he helped raise Seto Kaiba and was next in line to run KaibaCorp, after Gozaburo.
 On Seto's birthday, Gozaburo gives Seto a 2% share of KaibaCorp (10 million dollars in the dub). With only Leichter allowed to help him, Seto was tasked to return Gozaburo 100 times (10 times in the dub) the money Gozaburo lent him within a year's time or else he and Mokuba would be sent back to the orphanage. Seto got Leichter to use the money to buy 51% of a company and force them to buy it back at 5 times the price (10 times in the dub) by threatening to let the company go bankrupt and leave the employees jobless.
 Leichter, along with 4 other KaibaCorp employees formed a group known as  the Big Five . Seto convinces the Big Five that Gozaburo is mistreating them and he'll help restore them to their former power. The Big Five agree and thus buy 49% of KaibaCorp. Combined with 2% that Gozaburo had previously given to Mokuba, the Big Five vote out Gozaburo and vote in Seto as the president of the company. However, Seto quickly backs out on their deal, stripping them of their power and leaving the Big Five little more than figureheads and consultants. In the dub, Lector loses his title as president's heir and is rendered near powerless, much to his fury.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Furious over Kaiba's betrayal and taking his spot as successor to Gozaburo, Leichter and the Big Five strike a deal with the president of  Industrial Illusions ,  Maximillion Pegasus , in an attempt to overthrow Seto. If Pegasus defeats Seto and  Yugi Muto  in Duels, then they will use their 49% to vote Pegasus into power of the company by kidnapping  Mokuba Kaiba , who has been entrusted with the security codes to the two percent the Big Five need.
 The Big Five later watch on their monitor the Duel between Yugi Moto and Maximillion Pegasus, planning to broadcast the Duel if Pegasus won. The Big Five and Pegasus' plan fail once Pegasus is defeated by Yugi. In the manga, Leichter and the rest of the Big Five were fired by Seto and are never seen again.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
 In the anime, the Big Five avoid being fired by making excuses and offering Seto his complete virtual reality game as a peace offering.
 Eager to try out the virtual reality game, Kaiba refrains from immediately firing them and enters the virtual world. The Big Five trap Kaiba in the virtual reality.
 However, Kaiba is rescued by Mokuba, Yugi,  Joey , and  Mai Valentine . The Big Five reprogram the game and set " Mythic Dragon " as the final boss. However, it is defeated by Yugi and Kaiba's " Dragon Master Knight ".
 
 Virtual Realm 
 After losing in Legendary Heroes, the Big Five found themselves trapped in the virtual world, instead of Kaiba. Here they meet up with  Noah Kaiba . Having Seto as a common enemy, they made plans for revenge.
 During the  Battle City  tournament, Noah has the KaibaCorp blimp sucked into an undersea fortress, where the virtual world's main servers are. They force Seto and Mokuba Kaiba, along with Yugi and his friends into a new virtual world. Using an altered set of  Duel Monsters  rules, involving  Deck Masters , the Big Five Duel their enemies in the hopes of stealing their bodies to escape the virtual reality.
 
       Leichter as " Jinzo ".     
 Leichter takes the form of " Jinzo ", who he uses as his Deck Master and challenges Seto as his opponent. He claims that he did all the hard work to make Seto look good for Gozaburo and reveals Seto's manipulation of Mokuba when they overthrew Gozaburo, which Seto denies. Seto is originally unaware of Leichter's choice of Deck Master, due to his overcoat. He shows no interest in what it could be, until Leichter uses his ability to destroy Kaiba's  Trap Cards . Seto manages to win the Duel after using " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " to destroy Leichter's " Satellite Cannon ".
 Leichter, along with  Gansley ,  Crump , and  Johnson , having failed to win their targets' bodies, go behind Noah's back and attempt to steal the bodies. They chase down  Duke ,  Serenity , and Joey. As they argue over who gets which bodies, Noah makes contact and tells them off. Since  Nezbitt  didn't rightfully take  Tristan Taylor 's body (as he had actually lost the Duel despite defeating Tristan), Noah allows the Big Five to share Tristan's body in order to Duel Yugi. Should they win, they would get their freedom.
 The Big Five face Yugi and Joey, using Tristan's body. The Big 5 each switch control and their Deck Masters throughout the Duel. Leichter does most of the turns during the Duel, using his Deck Master to negate their opponents' Traps and allow their own monsters to attack with " Gravity Bind " active. Leichter uses " Dragon Revival Ritual " to combine their Deck Masters into the Mythic Dragon, " Mythic Dragon " again. The dragon is destroyed by Yugi and Joey's " Mirage Knight ", but the Big 5 use " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to make " Berserk Dragon " their Deck Master. However, it is destroyed by " Dark Magician Knight ", costing them the Duel.
 Noah refused to give the Big Five any more chances after that. In the original version, Noah deleted Leichter and the Big Five. In the dub, Noah imprisoned the Big Five in different corners of the Virtual World until it was destroyed.
 
 Deck 
 Anime 
 Leichter uses a  Control Deck , utilizing a wide array of cards that  lockdown  his opponent's abilities, highlighted by his  Deck Master  " Jinzo ". In his Duel with Kaiba, he combines "Jinzo" with " Injection Fairy Lily " and " Imperial Order ", preventing Kaiba's use of  Magic  and  Trap Cards  and overwhelming him with the brute power of "Fairy Lily". He also uses a variety of cards to replenish his  Life Points  so he can continue to  pay  them to use "Imperial Order" and "Fairy Lily" effects. This deck may represent his desire to control Kaiba Corp and win money in a similar way he controls the duel and "wins" and "invests" Life Points.
 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Jar 
 Dreamsprite 
 Fire Princess [Notes 1] 
 Hiro's Shadow Scout 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Jinzo 
 Satellite Cannon 
 The Unhappy Maiden Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Sebek's Blessing 
 Spring of Rebirth [Notes 2] 
 Watch Tranquilizer 
 Traps 
 Imperial Order 
 Life Absorbing Machine 
 Mask of Perplexity 
 Solemn Wishes 
 The Regulation of Tribe 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 View from Above Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Airknight Parshath  x2 
 Copycat  x2 
 Cyber Jar 
 D. D. Warrior Lady 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Jinzo 
 Magician of Faith  x2 
 Maha Vailo 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Reflect Bounder 
 Royal Magical Library  x2 
 Satellite Cannon  x3 
 Shining Angel  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Giant Trunade 
 Graceful Charity 
 Last Will 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Luminous Spark  x2 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Reload 
 Ring of Magnetism 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 United We Stand 
 Wave-Motion Cannon 
 Traps 
 Royal Decree  x2 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 108 - 109 
 Lose
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler 
 111 - 113 
 Lose (with  The Big Five ; through  Tristan Taylor )
 
 References 
 
 ↑   hi-net.zaq.ne.jp   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  cast 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  and later  Tributed  to Summon " Satellite Cannon ". 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  and later  sent  to the  Graveyard  with " Emergency Provisions ". 
 
 
 Trivia 
 Leichter is likely named after Jamie Leichter, a marketing director employed by  4Kids Entertainment  at the time who was involved in programs such as  Funky Cops . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Lector.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131204040920', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Leichter.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070814221458']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters