Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yoshio_Atachi


 
 Yoshio Atachi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Yoshio Atachi 
 
 
 Japanese   
 安 立 ヨシオ 安立ヨシオ あたちヨシオ Rōmaji: ( Atachi Yoshio ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 10 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Neapolitan Spaghetti 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mimi Atachi  (mother) 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Beast Gear World 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 8: " Rush Crushed Kid " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Takuma Nagatsuka 
 
 
 
 Yoshio Atachi  ( 安 立 ヨシオ  Atachi Yoshio ) is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS . He is  Mimi Atachi 's son, and though he loves  Rush Duels , this brings him into conflict with his mother.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appeareance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Birth of Rush Duels 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appeareance 
   Yoshio, in his normal clothes.   Yohio, wearing the Good Max suit. 1/2 
 Yoshio is a short and skinny young boy with pale skin and pink eyes like his mother, though his hair is back and cut back at the sides and back while it is longer at the top and concealed under his cap when he wears it. He dresses in a sailor-style school uniform; a white shirt and shorts with a black lining held up with a black belt, white socks, black shoes, and a white sailor's cap with the symbol of the  Goha Corporation  on it.
 When he tries to become like  Good Max , Yoshio wears a cosplay suit of his favorite hero that also modulates his voice. The suit makes him appear as a tall, darker-skinned muscular man, wearing a black jacket with maroon shoulders tipped with golden spikes over a blue undershirt and black superhero-style shorts, maroon arm-guards with golden spikes on the backs of the hands and knee-high boots with golden knee spikes, a maroon belt with a golden buckle and holes, and a charcoal-colored helmet with silver horns, a yellow pattern on the top resembling an explosion, and a face mask with half-moon shaped red eyes and a mouth section designed to look like a jagged maw in two different shades of grey. The helmet is split in two after his Duel with  Luke , though he later repairs it.
 
 Personality 
 Yoshio is timid and excitable by nature, and prone to making hasty and ill-informed decisions on the fly; he misinterpreted  Luke 's advice to look after his mother due to Luke's coincidental use of his favorite hero's catchphrase and decided Luke should convince his mother to let him Rush Duel after his mother threatened not to make his favorite meal. He is shown to be passionate about Rush Dueling, enjoying his Rush Duel with Luke despite losing. After he takes Luke's advice, Yoshio realizes that he was trying to mimic others and that he should tell his mother his true feelings. He cares deeply for his mother and his favorite food. According to his mother, Yoshio is similar to Yuga.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Yoshio speaks very politely normally, but when he tries to change himself as "Yoshio the King of Combat", he puts on a gruff and tough-talking front, calling his mother his "mama" as  Good Max  does and often using the terms "destructive" and "hellish" as descriptors.
 
 Etymology 
 「安」 can mean "stability​", "peacefulness", or "inexpensive"; 「立」 means "standing up". Together, the two characters can also be written as "Adachi", which is one character off from 「アダチル」 (adachiru), abbreviation for "adult child(ren)".
 
 Biography 
 Birth of Rush Duels 
 Deck 
 Yoshio plays a  Beast Gear World  Deck .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Buggy Dog of the Beast Gear World  x2 
 Gyro Jackal of the Beast Gear World  x3 
 Motor Wolf of the Beast Gear World  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Catapult Devilkong, King of the Beast Gear World 
 King Convoy Ligeon, Conqueror of the Beast Gear World 
 Trike Fox of the Beast Gear World Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The Post-Apocalyptic Beast Gear World 
 The Indomitable Post-Apocalyptic Beast-Warrior 
 Post-Apocalyptic Beast-Warrior Legend 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Tatsuhisa "Luke" Kamijo 
 8 
 Lose
 
 
 Mimi Atachi 
 20 
 Win
 
 
 Lucidien "Luke" Kallister 
 86 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 References 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  anime   characters Main 
 Yuga Ohdo 
 Lucidien Kallister 
 Gavin Sogetsu 
 Romin Kassidy 
 Kaizo 
 Goha 7th Elementary 
 Rayne Nanahoshi 
 Rino Nanahoshi 
 Riku Endo 
 Katsu Kobayakawa 
 Bakuro Shinjitsu 
 Masaru 
 Nico 
 Goha 6th Elementary 
 Asana Mutsuba 
 Galient Tazaki 
 Chevelle Kayama 
 Trapigeon 
 Caterpillio Zomyoji 
 Finger Chikako 
 Goha 3rd Elementary 
 Menzaburo Oomori 
 Arata Arai 
 Goha 2nd Elementary 
 Kan Hakubutsu 
 Hanto Goto 
 Kaseki Hotta 
 Goha Fishing Elementary 
 Nanami Maguro 
 Goha Corp 
 Goha Siblings 
 Yuro Goha 
 Yujin Goha 
 Yuka Goha 
 Yuran Goha 
 Yuo Goha 
 Yuga Goha 
 CEO 
 President Goha 
 Tops of Hexagon 
 Mimi Atachi 
 Garden of Providence 
 Nail Saionji 
 Schrödinger Nekoyama 
 Sebastian 
 Noodle Sorako 
 Other 
 Otes 
 Goha Corporation drones 
 Goha 66 
 Sweets Kakoko 
 
 Goha City 
 Granny Setsuko 
 Kan's grandfather 
 Nick Yagi 
 Sushiko Maki 
 Tahayasty Restaurant owner 
 Yoshio Atachi 
 RoaRomin 
 Roa Kirishima 
 Romin Kassidy 
 Ushiro Omaeno 
 Getta Taira 
 Other characters 
 Princess G 
 Akinori Kamijo 
 Masahiko 
 Toshihiko 
 Haruka Kamijo 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/Yoshio.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200701195447', None, None]
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS characters