Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_021


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 融合 封 じ！  十代 ＶＳ 三沢 （前編） 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yūgō Fūji! Jūdai Vāsasu Misawa (Zenpen) 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Fusion Seal! Judai VS Misawa (First Part) 
 
 
 English 
 The Duel Off, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 021 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 23, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 22, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Ok Mi Jung Seung Jun 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Maiden in Love " 
 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Duel Off, Part 1" , known as  "Fusion Seal! Judai VS Misawa (First Part)"  in the Japanese version, is the twenty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 23, 2005 and in the United States on November 22, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  is pitted against  Bastion Misawa  in a Duel to determine which of them will represent  Duel Academy  in the inter-school match against  North Academy . At the same time, a reporter named  Gerard  arrives on the island, and goes undercover to gather information about the  Abandoned Dorm .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Bastion Misawa 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Mistakes 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 At the docks, a ship is unloading at  Duel Academy . A scuba diver sneaks onto the island from the ship, stating that he's going to uncover the school's dark secrets.  Chancellor Sheppard  is having a staff meeting, in which the teachers attempt to decide who will represent Duel Academy in the inter-school match against  North Academy .  Dr. Crowler  insists that there is no reason not to have  Zane Truesdale  (who is also present) as their representative just as it was last year. Sheppard reveals that North Academy has chosen a first-year student, so Sheppard wishes to choose one as well. Zane has no problem with this, and suggests  Jaden Yuki  for the position. Crowler does not wish for a  Slifer Red  student, especially Jaden, to represent them, and nominates  Bastion Misawa . He suggests that the two duel to determine who shall have the right to be their representative. The scuba diver infiltrates the school, stealing a Slifer Red jacket from the locker room, intending to use it to blend in with the students.  Professor Banner  announces the news to Jaden and Bastion during class; Bastion reveals that he's been building an entirely new Deck specifically to counter Jaden's  Elemental HEROes , and that he's nearly finished.
 The scuba diver wanders the halls, perplexed as to why  Obelisk Blue  and  Ra Yellow  students will not speak with him. Jaden meets with him, and assumes that he was held back a few years, as he appears older than a student should. Jaden drags him back to the Slifer dorm, where he rebuilds his Deck for his Duel with Bastion. He drops a " Skyscraper " card, and the diver picks it up, remembering his own past (it appears that he used an Elemental Hero Deck of his own, and suffered a loss to  Seto Kaiba ). He accidentally lets slip that his name is  Gerard  after insisting that Jaden cease calling him "old timer". He then states he doesn't like Dueling, leading them to question why he's at Duel Academy, and he says he doesn't enjoy it because he is not good at it.  Chumley Huffington  sympathizes with him, having been held back himself, and states that watching Jaden duel inspired him to do better.  Syrus Truesdale  suggests that Gerard watch Jaden duel, hoping this will help inspire him to become better himself. Gerard then attempts to get the information he needs out of them, and asks if they know if the rumors about disappearing students have any truth to them. Jaden asks if he means the  Abandoned Dorm , which intrigues Gerard, as he hadn't heard of it. This gives him a starting point for his research, and he later ends up outside the Abandoned Dorm, where he meets  Alexis Rhodes . He questions her about the missing students, but she advises him to cease his search. She departs, and he pulls out a camera, and begins to take photos, stating that if he breaks this story, the money he gets from it could set him up for life.
 At the  Ra Yellow  dorm, Bastion sits at his computer, still analyzing Jaden's Deck. He determines that he needs to stop Jaden from Summoning " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " and " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ", which would mean stopping their respective  Fusion Material  Monsters. Racking his brains, he develops a strategy that would neutralize both threats. The next day, the whole school gathers to watch the Duel, and Gerard determines that with them distracted, this is his ideal time to act. He sneaks into the library, and begins attempting to hack into one of the school's computers. At the arena, the Duel begins, with Bastion Summoning " Carboneddon " in  Defense Position . Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", using it to attack and destroy "Carboneddon" before  Setting  a card. Bastion draws, thinking that the card he drew is the one that will lead him to victory. He Summons " Oxygeddon ", and attacks, but Jaden  negates  the attack by activating his  face-down  " Hero Barrier ". Bastion Sets the card he drew and ends his turn. Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and  equips  it with " Spark Blaster ", using its effect to switch "Oxygeddon" to Defense Position. He attacks and destroys it with "Burstinatrix", which activates "Oxygeddon's" effect, dealing 800 damage to both players. Jaden attacks  directly  with "Sparkman", reducing Bastion to 1600  LP . This greatly worries Crowler, as he's the one who nominated Bastion for this Duel, and he appears to be losing so early on.
 Bastion Summons " Hydrogeddon " and destroys "Burstinatrix" with it. Since it destroyed a monster in battle, "Hydrogeddon's" effect activates, letting Bastion Summon a second copy from his  Deck . He then activates " Living Fossil ",  Special Summoning  "Oxygeddon" from his  Graveyard , though its effect is negated and it's  ATK  decreased by 1000. He then plays " Bonding - H2O ",  Tributing  his three monsters to Special Summon " Water Dragon ". Bastion believes that Summoning such a powerful monster will force Jaden to Summon a  Fusion Monster  - and fall right into Bastion's trap. Jaden plays " Polymerization " in an attempt to fuse "Sparkman" with the " Elemental HERO Avian " and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " in his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Tempest ". Bastion activates his face-down " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell ", discarding " Double Spell " in order to negate "Polymerization" and prevent Jaden from playing it again during the current Duel, even if it's a different copy. With this, Bastion has sealed off Jaden's main method of Summoning his Fusion Monsters.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Bastion Misawa 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Bastion 
Bastion  draws  " Carboneddon " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (800/600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/800) in  Attack Position . "Burstinatrix" attacks and  destroys  "Carboneddon". Jaden then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 3: Bastion 
Bastion draws " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell ". He then Normal Summons " Oxygeddon " (1800/800) in Attack Position. "Oxygeddon" attacks "Burstinatrix", but Jaden  activates  his face-down " Hero Barrier " to  negate  the attack as he controls an  Elemental HERO . Bastion Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/1400) in Attack Position. He then activates " Spark Blaster " and  equips  it onto "Sparkman". Now during each of Jaden's Main Phases, he can switch the battle position of a monster. When this effect is used three times, "Spark Blaster" is destroyed. Jaden then activates the effect of "Spark Blaster" to switch "Oxygeddon" to Defense Position. "Burstinatrix" attacks and destroys "Oxygeddon". Since "Oxygeddon" was destroyed by a  FIRE  monster in battle and sent to the  Graveyard , its effect activates, inflicting 800 damage to both players (Jaden: 4000 → 3200 LP, Bastion: 4000 → 3200 LP). "Sparkman" attacks  directly  (Bastion: 3200 → 1600 LP).
 Turn 5: Bastion 
Bastion draws " Hydrogeddon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/1000) in Attack Position. "Hydrogeddon" attacks and destroys "Burstinatrix" (Jaden: 3200 → 2800 LP). Since "Hydrogeddon" destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Bastion to  Special Summon  another "Hydrogeddon" (1600/1000) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. 
 Bastion then activates " Living Fossil " to Special Summon "Oxygeddon" from the Graveyard (1800/800) in Attack Position and equip it with "Living Fossil". Due to the effect of "Living Fossil", the effects of "Oxygeddon" are negated and it loses 1000  ATK  ("Oxygeddon": 1800 → 800 ATK). Bastion's hand contains " Litmus Doom Swordsman ", " Double Spell " and " Bonding - H2O ". Bastion then activates "Bonding - H2O" to  Tribute  his three monsters and Special Summon " Water Dragon " (2800/2600) from his Deck in Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden's hand contains " Elemental HERO Avian ", " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", and " Bubble Blaster ". Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  "Sparkman", "Avian", and "Bubbleman" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Tempest ". Bastion, in response, activates his face-down " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell " to negate the effect of "Polymerization" and destroy it by  discarding  "Double Spell". In addition to this, Jaden is forbidden from activating "Polymerization" again for the remainder of the Duel.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Polymerization 
 Spark Blaster 
 Traps 
 Hero Barrier 
 
 Bastion Misawa Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Carboneddon 
 Hydrogeddon  x2 
 Oxygeddon 
 Water Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Litmus Doom Swordsman  x2  [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bonding - H20  x2 
 Double Spell 
 Living Fossil 
 Pot of Greed   [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Seal 
 
 Jaden's cards (while rebuilding his Deck) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Catapulter 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster 
 Elemental HERO Tempest 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Clay Wrap 
 De-Fusion 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Fusion Gate 
 Kishido Spirit 
 Mirage of Nightmare 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Skyscraper 
 Spark Blaster 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 
 Bastion's database Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant 
 
 Gerard's flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Skyscraper 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the original version, Jaden believes that Gerald's been held back several years at Duel Academy. In the dub, he believes that he's a new student who took a while to be accepted. 
 The dub cuts Zane and Alexis' brief discussion about Bastion and Jaden's duel. 
 Mistakes 
 In both versions, when " Carboneddon " is Summoned,  Bastion  places it on the  Duel Disk  in  Attack Position , despite having Summoned it in  Defense Position . 
 When " Oxygeddon " is switched to Defense Position by " Spark Blaster ", the read-out still shows its  DEF  value as its  ATK . 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen when Bastion searches his Deck via the effect of " Hydrogeddon ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/Series021.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729013112', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes