Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Actor_-_Superstar


 Abyss Actor - Superstar 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 1.1   Arc League Championship 
 1.2   Friendship Cup (including Finals) 
 1.3   Heartland City 
 1.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Arc League Championship 
 In  episode 49 ,  Sylvio Sawatari  plays this card in his duel against three  Obelisk Force  members with  Celina ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Moon Shadow . He  Pendulum Summons  this monster using " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel " and " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian ". He activates this cards effect, adding " Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic " from his  Deck  to his  hand . He activates "Fantasy Magic", targeting this card. This card attacks the Yellow Obelisk Force members " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", due to the effect of "Fantasy Magic", "Triple Hunting Hound" returns to the  Extra Deck . Since "Triple Hunting Hound" left the field due to a card effect, the Yellow Obelisk Force member activates " Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion ",  Fusion Summoning  " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " since it lists "Triple Hunting Hound" as a  Fusion Material . The effect of "Ultimate Hunting Hound" activates, halving the  LP  of Celina, Shay, Moon Shadow and Sylvio. This card remains on the field until the end of the Duel. 
 Friendship Cup (including Finals) 
 In  episode 62 , Sylvio plays this card during the "Great Entertainment Duel" against  Yuya Sakaki  and  Chojiro Tokumatsu . On the first turn, with the Pendulum Scales set at 1 and 8, he Pendulum Summons this card from his hand. Sylvio then places this card underneath the " Abyss Stage - Treasure Boat of the Lucky Seven " card that he later activated. 
 In  episode 72 , Sylvio plays this card during the  Friendship Cup   Turbo Duel  against  Yugo . On the first turn, with the Pendulum Scales set at 3 and 8, he Pendulum Summons this card and " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie " from his hand. This card's effect then lets Sylvio  search  out " Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony " to add to his hand. On Sylvio's next turn, he attempts to search again with this card's effect, but Yugo chains the effect of his " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", which destroys this card and absorbs its ATK. On the fifth turn, Sylvio Pendulum Summons this card from his  Extra Deck , then uses the Pendulum Effect of "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian" to return this card to the Extra Deck and target another monster he controls to gain the ATK of this card until the End Phase; he chooses "Sassy Rookie". 
 In  episode 96 , Sylvio controls this card while he leads a  Commons  mob against  Sector Security  outside the  Duel Palace . It attacks and destroys a Security officer's " Jutte Fighter ". 
 In  episode 98 , Sylvio controls this card while he and  Gong Strong  attempt to prevent a Commons mob in  New Domino City  from clashing with Sector Security. 
 Heartland City 
 In  episode 100 , Sylvio plays this card during a duel against  Duel Academy  soldiers. It is Pendulum Summoned and is the target of "Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic" when it attacks. 
 In  episode 101 , Sylvio plays this card during his tag duel with Gong against  Kite Tenjo . On the fourth turn, with the Pendulum Scales set at 1 and 8, he Pendulum Summons this card from his hand and " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " from his Extra Deck. Sylvio uses this card's effect to search out " Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair ". He activates "Fire Dragon's Lair" and targets this card with it. Sylvio then activates " Abyss Actors' Costume Chest " and uses it to equip this card with " Abyss Costume - Hero's Sword " from his Deck. "Hero's Sword" boosts this card's ATK to 2800. Finally, Sylvio uses the Pendulum Effect of "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian" to return "Wild Hope" to his Extra Deck and boost this card by "Wild Hope's" 1600 ATK until the end of the turn. This card attacks Kite's " Cipher Wing "; Kite activates " Cipher Shield " to spare his monster from destruction by battle. On Kite's turn, Gong's " Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi " which Kite took control of using " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", attacks and destroys this card, dealing enough damage to remove Sylvio from the duel. 
 In  episode 118 , Sylvio plays this card during a duel against Slifer Red Duel Academy soldiers. It is summoned off-screen and was the target of "Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic" when seen. 
 Duel Academy 
 In  episode 139 , Sylvio plays this card during the  Lancers' duel against   Z-ARC . On his turn after he joins the duel, Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales at 1 and 8, then Pendulum Summons this card, "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope" and " Abyss Actor - Leading Lady " from his hand. " Supreme King Z-ARC " uses its effect to destroy the " Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King " that Sylvio searched out using this card's effect. Z-ARC then sends his face-up " Supreme Face-off " to his Graveyard, forcing this card to attack "Z-ARC". Due to the effect of " Supreme King Dragon Odd-Eyes ", Sylvio takes enough damage to be removed from the duel. 
 In  episode 141 , this card appears in a flashback to the duel against the Obelisk Force that Sylvio was involved in, when Declan resumes the  Arc League Championship  by holding an invitational Battle Royal between Yuya, Gong, Sylvio and Moon Shadow. 
 In  episode 142 , Sylvio plays this card during the aforementioned Battle Royal. On the sixth turn of the duel, he sets the Pendulum Scales at 3 and 8, he Pendulum Summons this card from his hand and " Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser " from his Extra Deck. Sylvio then uses the Pendulum Effect of "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian" to return "Curtain Raiser" to his Extra Deck and boost this card by "Curtain Raiser's" 1100 ATK. Sylvio also uses this card's effect to search out " Abyss Script - Shadow Spirit " and add it to his hand. This card then attacks Yuya's " Performapal Hip Hippo "; the attack is negated by the copied effect of " Evasion " by " Encore ", which Yuya found and activated. Sylvio then activates " Abyss Entertainment ", halving this card's ATK in order for it to attack again; this time, "Hip Hippo" is spared from destruction by the effect of " Dragon's Shadow Performance ". At the end of the turn, this card's ATK is 3600 again. On Gong's next turn, he activates the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Preservation " three times, paying 3000 LP to reduce this card's ATK to 600. " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", in  Defense Position , then attacks this card and removes Sylvio from the duel. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 In  chapter 9 ,  Shingo Sawatari  uses this card during his third duel against  Yuya Sakaki . With the Pendulum Scales set at 2 and 8, Shingo Pendulum Summons this card from his hand. He then finds and activates the  Action Card  " Potential Yell " in order to activate this card's effect to Set an " Abyss Script " Spell Card directly from his deck. He then proceeds to activate the card he Set: " Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony ". On Shingo's next turn, he activates this card's effect again, Setting another "Opening Ceremony" directly from his deck. This card then attacks Yuya directly. On Yuya's next turn, his " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " attacks and destroys this card.   
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances