Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Soulburner_(Duel_Links)


 
 Soulburner 
 
 
 English name 
 Soulburner 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eddy Lee 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuuki Kaji 
 
 
 
 Soulburner  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Soulburner , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. 
 He only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for Summoning Fire-Attribute monsters 5 times after the player reaches Stage 9 in Duel World (DM). Unlocking Soulburner also unlocks Duel World (VRAINS).
 Red Gate Keys are required to Duel Soulburner at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Level 10 
 4.3   Level 20 
 4.4   Level 30 
 4.5   Level 40 
 
 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Skill-exclusive 
 8.2   Character-specific 
 
 8.2.1   Playmaker and Ai 
 8.2.2   The Gore 
 8.2.3   Blue Angel 
 
 
 8.3   Card-specific 
 
 8.3.1   Monsters 
 8.3.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Monsters 
 
 9.1.1   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Just like Playmaker, Soulburner is another victim of the Lost Incident. After years of trauma, Soulburner decides to face his fears when he sees Playmaker fight against the Knights of Hanoi. He also forms a special friendship with Flame - the Fire Ignis. Known as Theodore Hamilton in the real world, he transfers to Den City High School to battle alongside Yusaku. As a Fire Duelist, he uses Salamangreats - which are Fire monsters from the Cyberse.
 
 Gallery 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Normal or Special Summon a FIRE Monster(s) 5 times.
 
 Gem x10
 
 
 Complete all Duel World Unlock Missions.
 
 100 Gate Keys
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Soulburner Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fire Eye  x3 
 Flame Manipulator  x3 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fenghuang 
 Hazy Flame Sphynx 
 Raging Flame Sprite  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Salamandra 
 Transmodify 
 Traps 
 Battle of the Elements 
 United Front 
 Level 10 
 
 Here Comes Soulburner! Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Firebird 
 Raging Flame Sprite 
 Salamangreat Coyote  x2 
 Salamangreat Meer  x2 
 Salamangreat Mole Extra Deck  (3) 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Almiraj 
 Salamangreat Balelynx Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Painful Return 
 Salamangreat Claw 
 Salamangreat Recureance 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary 
 Level 20 
 
 Scorch in a Raging Inferno Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Brushfire Knight  x2 
 Fire King Avatar Garunix 
 Fire King Avatar Kirin  x2 
 Salamangreat Coyote  x2 
 Salamangreat Falco 
 Salamangreat Foxer  x2 
 Salamangreat Meer  x2 
 Salamangreat Mole  x2 
 Twinheaded Beast Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Salamangreat Miragestallio 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Almiraj 
 Salamangreat Balelynx  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Burning Draw 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Salamangreat Claw 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary 
 Traps 
 Salamangreat Gift 
 Level 30 
 
 From the Valley of Flames Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Flame Spirit Ignis  x3 
 Hazy Flame Cerbereus 
 Hazy Flame Hyppogrif 
 Little Chimera 
 Salamangreat Coyote  x2 
 Salamangreat Falco 
 Salamangreat Foxer  x2 
 Salamangreat Gazelle 
 Salamangreat Meer 
 Salamangreat Mole Extra Deck  (5) 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Almiraj 
 Salamangreat Balelynx 
 Salamangreat Heatleo 
 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Burning Draw 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Salamangreat Claw 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary  x2 
 Traps 
 Salamangreat Gift 
 Level 40 
 
 Open My Path Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Command Knight 
 Hazy Flame Cerbereus 
 Hazy Flame Griffin 
 Hazy Flame Hyppogrif 
 Salamangreat Beat Bison 
 Salamangreat Coyote 
 Salamangreat Falco 
 Salamangreat Fowl 
 Salamangreat Foxer 
 Salamangreat Foxy 
 Salamangreat Gazelle 
 Salamangreat Jack Jaguar 
 Salamangreat Spinny 
 Salamangreat Wolvie  x2 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Link Monsters 
 Salamangreat Almiraj 
 Salamangreat Balelynx 
 Salamangreat Heatleo  x2 
 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Burning Draw 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Salamangreat Burning Shell 
 Salamangreat Sanctuary 
 Traps 
 Salamangreat Gift 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Soulburner, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Salamangreat Balelynx "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Salamangreat Sanctuary "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Salamangreat Foxy "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Salamandra "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Command Knight "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Raging Flame Sprite "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Darkfire Soldier 1 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Hazy Flame Sphynx "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Wings of Wicked Flame "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Flame Manipulator "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Soulburner reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Soulburner)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Soulburner)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Tag
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Cyberse ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Valkyrian Knight "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Burning Draw ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Roar "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Gazelle "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Valkyrian Knight "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Soulburner)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Rise From the Valley of Flames
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Salamangreat Heatleo" to your Extra Deck. The following effect can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control, and add 1 monster with the same name to your Extra Deck. Then, play "Salamangreat Sanctuary" to your field from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: Cyberse
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Cyberse monster from your Deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Burning Draw
 
 Can be used from your 5th turn onward, when you have 2300 or less Life Points. Pay Life Points to make your Life Points equal to 100, and add a card to your hand from the top of your Deck for each 1000 Life Points you paid. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 10 "Salamangreat" cards. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Salamangreat Booster
 
 Each "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control gains 300 ATK if there is a monster in your Graveyard with the same name.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Salamangreat Reincarnation
 
 Select 1 monster you control whose original name is "Salamangreat Heatleo" or "Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf" and has the same name as a monster in your Graveyard. That monster is treated as having been Link Summoned using a monster with the same name as its material. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Burst
 
 Can only be used up until your 3rd turn, and only once. Select 1 monster you control. It gains 500 ATK. At the end of the turn, this monster's ATK will become 0.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Link Arrow Gain
 
 Select 1 Link Monster you control. Until the end of the turn, monsters this card points to gain ATK equal to the Link Rating of the selected Link Monster x 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Monster Move
 
 Select 1 monster you control, and move it to another of your Main Monster Zones. If you select a monster in the Extra Monster Zone, move it to your Main Monster Zone in the same column. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random FIRE monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Spell/Trap in your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Skill-exclusive 
 When Soulburner activates the Skill "Burning Draw", he announces "I activate my Skill!" followed by "Ready to witness a miracle? Burning Draw!" 
 Character-specific 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 When starting a Duel against  Playmaker and Ai , Soulburner says "Let's set this Duel on fire, Playmaker!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "I did it... I actually did it... I defeated Playmaker!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "That's why you're the best, Playmaker!" 
 When passing the turn to Playmaker and Ai in a Tag Duel, Soulburner says "I'm countin' on ya, Playmaker!"
 When passing the turn to Playmaker and Ai while own team is on high LP and opponent team is on low LP, he says "Go, Playmaker!" 
 The Gore 
 When starting a Duel against  The Gore , Soulburner announces "I can't believe I get to Duel my hero! Let's go, Gore!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "You're my hero, Gore. But I couldn't let you stop me!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "I may have lost, but it's amazing I got to Duel against you!" 
 Blue Angel 
 When starting a Duel against  Blue Angel , Soulburner announces "Wow! I'm gonna Duel the megastar who saved LINK VRAINS!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Did you change your avatar? This one's awesome!" followed by "Maybe I should change my avatar too." 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "I see why you're the most popular celebrity in LINK VRAINS!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 Before Soulburner Link Summons " Salamangreat Heatleo ", he announces, "I blaze the circuit that scorches the path to the future! I Link Summon!" When Soulburner summons "Salamangreat Heatleo", a cut-in frame of Soulburner briefly appears and he announces "Link 3 Salamangreat Heatleo!"
 Before Soulburner Link Summons "Salamangreat Heatleo" using another copy of itself as material, he chants, " The swirling flames awaken Heatleo's true strength!  Reincarnation Link Summon ! " Then, the Reincarnation Link Summon animation plays instead of the normal Link Summon animation, and afterward a cut-in frame of Soulburner briefly appears and he announces "Rise again from the valley of flames! Salamangreat Heatleo!" If its summoning animation has not played during the current Duel, a cutscene of "Salamangreat Heatleo" being Summoned is played afterward. 
 Most of the time when Soulburner attacks with that monster, he announces, "Attack, Heatleo! Inferno Strike!" 
 When Soulburner activates that monster's first effect, he announces "Heatleo's effect activates when it's Link Summoned! Resounding Roar!" 
 When Soulburner activates that monster's second effect, he announces, "By Reincarnation Link Summoning Heatleo, it can do this! Flame Possession!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf " a cut-in frame of Soulburner briefly appears and he announces, "Link 2 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf!"
 When Summoning that monster using another copy of itself as Link Material, he announces "Be reborn! Link 2 Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf!" 
 "Sunlight Wolf's effect activates!" 
 "Check out Sunlight Wolf's reincarnation effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Sunlight Wolf! Attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Balelynx " he announces, "Appear! Link 1 Salamangreat Balelynx!"
 When Summoning that monster using another copy of itself as Link Material, he announces, "Rise anew, Salamangreat Balelynx!" 
 "I activate Salamangreat Balelynx's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Balelynx attacks!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Beat Bison " he announces, "Salamangreat Beat Bison!"
 "Salamangreat Beat Bison's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Salamangreat Beat Bison!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Coyote " he announces, "Salamangreat Coyote!"
 "Salamangreat Coyote's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Coyote! Attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Falco " he announces, "Salamangreat Falco!"
 "Salamangreat Falco's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Salamangreat Falco!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Fennec " he announces, "Salamangreat Fennec!"
 "Salamangreat Fennec's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Fennec! Attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Fowl " he announces, "Salamangreat Fowl!"
 "Salamangreat Fowl's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Fowl attacks!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Foxy " he announces, "Salamangreat Foxy!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Foxy's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Foxy, attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Gazelle " he announces, "Salamangreat Gazelle!"
 "Here's Salamangreat Gazelle's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Gazelle! Attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Jack Jaguar " he announces, "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar!"
 "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar! Pounce on 'em!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Meer " he announces, "Salamangreat Meer!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Meer's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Salamangreat Meer!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Phoenix Gearfried " he announces, "Phoenix Gearfried!"
 "Phoenix Gearfried's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Phoenix Gearfried attacks!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Valkyrian Knight " he announces, "Valkyrian Knight!"
 "I activate Valkyrian Knight's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Valkyrian Knight!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Burning Shell " "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Salamangreat Burning Shell!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Burning Shell from my Graveyard!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Circle " he announces, "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Salamangreat Circle!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Claw " he announces, "I activate my Equip Spell! Salamangreat Claw!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Sanctuary " he announces, "I activate my Field Spell! Salamangreat Sanctuary!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Sanctuary's effect!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Monster Reincarnation " he announces, "I activate my Spell Card! Monster Reincarnation!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Roar " he announces, "I activate my Counter Trap! Salamangreat Roar!"
 "Salamangreat Roar's effect activates from the Graveyard!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix " he announces, "Link 4 Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix!"
 Before Soulburner Link Summons "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix" using another copy of itself as material, he chants, " Let the flames engulf your body! From its ashes be reborn! Super Reincarnation Link Summon! " followed by, "Soar! Link 4 Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix!" 
 "Pyro Phoenix has an effect when it's reincarnated! It destroys all cards on your field!" 
 "Pyro Phoenix's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Pyro Phoenix!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Almiraj " he announces, "Link 1 Salamangreat Almiraj!"
 "Salamangreat Almiraj's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Almiraj, attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Blaze Dragon " he announces, "The scorching dragon that incinerates the sky! I Xyz Summon!" followed by, "Rank 4 Salamangreat Blaze Dragon!"
 "Be reborn! Salamangreat Blaze Dragon!" 
 "Here's Blaze Dragon's effect!" 
 "Blaze Dragon can use its effect when it's reincarnated! It destroys one monster on your field!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Blaze Dragon, torch 'em!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Miragestallio " he chants, " This wild steed blazes the tundra to torch every illusion! " followed by, "Rank 3 Salamangreat Miragestallio!"
 "I activate Miragestallio's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Trample 'em, Miragestallio!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Violet Chimera " he announces, "When the flames consume the old, a new creature emerges! Fusion Summon!" followed by, "Salamangreat Violet Chimera!"
 "Violet Chimera's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Violet Chimera! Violet Slash!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Emerald Eagle " he announces, "Ignite! Salamangreat Emerald Eagle!"
 "Emerald Eagle can use its effect when it's reincarnated! It destroys every Special Summoned monster on your field!" 
 "Emerald Eagle's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack! Emerald Eagle!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Foxer " he announces, "Salamangreat Foxer!"
 "Salamangreat Foxer's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Foxer, attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Mole " he announces, "Salamangreat Mole!"
 "Salamangreat Mole activates its effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack! Salamangreat Mole!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Parro " he announces, "Salamangreat Parro!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Parro's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Parro attacks!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Raccoon " he announces, "Salamangreat Raccoon!"
 "Salamangreat Raccoon's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Raccoon! Attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Spinny " he announces, "Salamangreat Spinny!"
 "I activate Salamangreat Spinny's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Salamangreat Spinny1" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Wolvie " he announces, "Salamangreat Wolvie!"
 "Salamangreat Wolvie's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Wolvie, attack!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Salamangreat Zebroid X " he announces, "Salamangreat Zebroid X!"
 "Salamangreat Zebroid X's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Salamangreat Zebroid X attacks!" 
 When Soulburner Summons " Decode Talker Heatsoul " he announces, "Appear! Link 3 Decode Talker Heatsoul"
 "I activate Decode Talker Heatsoul's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Soulburner declares an attack with that monster, he says, "Attack, Decode Talker Heatsoul!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Soulburner activates " Burning Draw " he announces, "I activate my Spell Card! Burning Draw!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Fury of Fire " he announces, "I activate my Spell Card! Fury of Fire!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Fusion of Fire " he announces, "I activate my Spell Card! Fusion of Fire!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Rise of the Salamangreat " he announces, "I activate my Ritual Spell! Rise of the Salamangreat!"
 "Rise of the Salamangreat activates when it's destroyed!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Rising Fire " he announces, "I activate my Equip Spell! Rising Fire!"
 "Rising Fire's effect activates!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Recureance " he announces, "I activate my Spell Card! Salamangreat Recureance!"
 "Salamangreat Recureance activates when it's destroyed!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Transcendence " he announces, "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Salamangreat Transcendence!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Will of the Salamangreat " he announces, "I activate my Continuous Spell! Will of the Salamangreat!"
 "Will of the Salamangreat's effect activates!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Cybersal Cyclone " he announces, "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Cybersal Cyclone!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Gift " he announces, "I activate my Continuous Trap! Salamangreat Gift!"
 "Salamangreat Gift's effect activates!" 
 When Soulburner activates " Salamangreat Rage " he announces, "I activate my Trap! Salamangreat Rage!" 
 Trivia 
 Soulburner is the first Legendary Duelist whose Ace Monster must be Summoned in a specific way to play its summoning animation. 
 Soulburner is the first character to be unlocked, rather than the series protagonist  Playmaker and Ai , unlike the previous Worlds. 
 v e 
Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) pages 
 Anime 
 Spin-off manga 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Characters, Theodore Hamilton pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters