Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Russian_Roulette_Dinner


 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 
 
 
 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 
 
 Japanese  
 死の料理・ロシアンルーレット 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Shi no Ryōri Roshianrūretto 
 
 
 English  (Asia) 
 Cuisine of Death Russian Roulette 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Players 
 Mokuba Kaiba Yugi Mutou Katsuya Jonouchi Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Kaiba Manor 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 26: " Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 26: " Russian Roulette " " 
 
 
 
 Russian Roulette Dinner , known as  Cuisine of Death Russian Roulette  in the Japanese version, is a game  Mokuba Kaiba  played with  Yugi Mutou  and  Katsuya Jonouchi  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 It is a variant of the dangerous game  russian roulette . The game involves a rotating tabletop with a number of meals on it, some of which are poisoned. Players take turns spinning the table and eating the meal that stops before them.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 Yugi  and  Jonouchi  had been invited to  Kaiba's mansion  for the  grand opening  of his theme park  Kaiba Land . Although Kaiba's true motive was to force Yugi into taking part in  Death-T .
 Mokuba invited Yugi and Jonouchi to a meal at the mansion. He took them to the setup of the game. Yugi and Jonouchi had been expecting some high quality food, but were disappointed to find meals a child would love.
 Mokuba initially lied that the food wasn't poisoned and said that there was a treasure in one of the meals and whoever found it was the winner.
 
 The game 
 Jonouchi spun the turntable first. Using a switch hidden in a syrup bottle, Mokuba made the table stop spinning when he wanted. Since he knew which meals had been poisoned, he forced Jonouchi to eat a poisoned kiddie lunch. Mokuba said that Yugi needed to win the game to get the antidote to save Jonouchi.  Dark Yugi  then emerged to finish the game.
 Dark Yugi spun and got the spaghetti, which he fearfully ate and found it hadn't been poisoned. Mokuba laughed and said that the joy of finding you are still alive made it the best meal ever.
 As Mokuba took his turn, Dark Yugi noticed Mokuba ate his meal, the chocolate parfait, without any fear of it being poisoned, deducing that Mokuba knew which ones were poisoned. He also noticed Mokuba touching the syrup bottle.
 As Dark Yugi spun the turntable for his next turn, he tied the  Millennium Puzzle  to it, causing the syrup bottle to shatter as it got hit by the puzzle. No longer able to control the turntable, the hamburger stopped in front of Mokuba and the pancakes stopped in front of Dark Yugi. Mokuba was too afraid to eat the burger. After finishing the pancakes, Dark Yugi reminded Mokuba that the rules were he had to clear his plate. Mokuba reluctantly ate some of the burger and fell over poisoned.
 
 Aftermath 
 Dark Yugi claimed the antidote to save Jonouchi, while  the butler  rushed over to help Mokuba.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 26: " Russian Roulette " 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Russian_Roulette_Dinner.png/revision/latest?cb=20160402010444']
Categories: Games (events)