Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Shay_Obsidian.png

For other versions of this character, see  Shay Obsidian (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Shun Kurosaki 
 
 
 Japanese   
 黒 咲   隼 黒咲 隼 くろさき しゅん Rōmaji: ( Kurosaki Shun ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 루마 KRR: Luma Translated:  Ruma 
 
 
 French   
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 
 German   
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 
 Italian   
 Shay Obsidian 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 17 [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Lulu Obsidian  (younger sister) [2] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 The Resistance Lancers 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Heartland Duel School ,  Spade Branch [3] Leo Institute of Dueling [4] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class         Friendship Cup :   Top 8   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Raidraptor 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Matt Shipman [5] 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yamato Kinjo 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Rudi Qaliani 
 
 
 Italian  
 Maurizio Merluzzo [6] 
 
 
 
 Shay Obsidian , known as  Syun Kurosaki [7] [8] [9]  ( 黒 咲   隼   Kurosaki Shun ) in the Japanese version, is one of the characters in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a Duelist from the  Xyz Dimension  who is one of  Yuto 's comrades and serially attacked the  Leo Institute of Dueling  with the intention of rescuing his younger sister  Lulu Obsidian . Upon having similar goals to  Declan  and learning of his true target, the two agreed to cooperate, and he subsequently became one of the first  Lancers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.6   Heartland City 
 2.7   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Relationships 
 
 4.1   Lulu Obsidian 
 4.2   Yuto 
 4.3   Declan Akaba 
 4.4   Sora Perse 
 4.5   Celina 
 4.6   Lancers 
 4.7   Crow Hogan 
 4.8   Dennis McField 
 4.9   Kite Tenjo 
 
 
 5   Deck 
 
 5.1   Raidraptor 
 5.2   Childhood 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
   Shay, as the member of the Resistance.   Shay, before the invasion. 1/2 
 Shay is a tall young man with straight blueish-black hair that falls to his chin, and light green bangs in the shape of a wing partially tucked under some strands on the left. He has yellow-green eyes, and similar to  Yuto , used to keep his face concealed behind dark glasses and a red scarf signifying his allegiance to the Resistance. He wears a blue trenchcoat that is tattered at the ends; the coat is belted shut, and is adorned with belted cuffs. He also sports grey pants and brown shoes.
 
       Shay as a  Turbo Duelist     
 Shay wears a  Turbo Dueling  suit in the  Underground Dueling Arena  and during the  Friendship Cup . It has a dark blue and green color scheme and he wears his Resistance scarf with it. 
 In the past, during his time at the  Spade Branch  of  Heartland Duel School , he wore more casual clothes; a dark grey shirt under a lighter one, dark jeans, and casual sneakers.
 
 Personality 
 Deep inside his heart, Shay is a kind person with good intentions, but the horrors he has suffered due to Duel Academy have scarred and hardened his views deeply. Though he Dueled for fun before in a pro Duelist training school, in the present, Shay is a battle-hardened  Duelist  who shows nothing but fierce determination and serious perseverance in his Duels. In the dub, he tends to be more sarcastic. In a similar manner to  Seto Kaiba ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Kite Tenjo , and  Declan Akaba , he also carries an affection for his younger sister  Lulu Obsidian  whom he vows to rescue, and also highly regards his comrades. Unlike  Yuto , Shay acts out more recklessly and impatient and is willing to crush anyone who he deems as his enemies, even warning Yuto not to stand in his way when focused on his goal. He demonstrates a powerful hatred of  Fusion Summoning , and previously of  LID , as Fusion Summoning has been used by his enemies and he believed LID to be associated with them. Despite his callous disposition, he can be pragmatic, agreeing to cooperate with Declan in furthering his machinations in exchange for information. Shay's time at the pro Duelist school educated him with an "iron will and steeled strength", concepts that he evaluates other Duelists on, and he also developed a serious outlook between Duelists exchanging their cards. [10] 
 Shay tends to converse about his experiences when the comments of other people allude to them (whether such allusions are intentional or not). While Dueling, he demonstrates a more violent side when he uses " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". Aside from these moments, he says little when he doesn't have to talk, not even bothering to learn the names of many of his opponents; he simply challenges them to a Duel. However, he often employs the word "revolution" and similar terms, reinforcing his strong belief of Dueling solely to defeat his enemies and protect his comrades. Despite his determination to protect his comrades, he initially  prefers acting alone and dislikes it when others try to protect him by risking themselves but he drops this attitude after his duel against Crow where he is completely fine in helping his new comrades and often comes to aid the  Lancers . However, the memories of the attack on his homeland have clearly scarred him, and when he was in the " Neo Heartland City " Action Field for a second time, he was initially unwilling to discuss the events, but on later prompting by  Celina , he admitted that the faces and laughter of  Duel Academy  students that had attacked  Heartland  would always remain in his mind. Shay has confirmed that he sees life as a battlefield and everyone else an enemy due to the loss of everything as a result of the attack on Heartland. This is especially shown during and after  his Duel with Dennis  during the Friendship Cup, where he pushed his opponent to reveal his true nature. In the dub, Shay even claims to Celina that it hurts to look at her due to her resemblance to Lulu.
 Despite his hot-headed nature he is shown to care deeply for his comrades including Yuto and Lulu. This was seen many times during his Duels against  Sora  and  Dennis . He is shown to be arrogant and to have great pride in his skills. Shay initially didn't see any of the Lancers as his comrades but this changes during his duel against Crow which reminded him of something important to him, and he began to trust the Lancers and consider them as his comrades. This was seen when he approached Kite and defended the Lancers, also stating that he believed in Yuya as well. He later came to accept  Crow Hogan  as a comrade after their Duel, discovering that they had a lot in common.
 Shay is shown to be very protective of and has a soft spot for children. This was seen during his Duel against Crow when he saw  Tarren  clinging to the back of " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " and showed genuine concern for him. He also expressed this towards  Riley  when the Lancers were about to depart for the  Synchro Dimension  and when he found out that Riley was protecting Celina all on his own from the Obelisk Force. He stated that the reason he started fighting was to protect children.
 Shay has a habit of saying " field " in kanji (「 場 」,  Ba ) instead of in katakana (「フィールド」,  Fīrudo ). In the dub, he makes a small number of bird and flight puns regarding his " Raidraptors ".
 
 Abilities 
 Like  Yuto , Shay's  Duel Disk  possesses the ability to materialize the  effects  of  Duel Monsters  cards. The Disk also has the power to seal a person inside a card, though unlike previous uses of this power in the franchise, the entire person, and not just their soul. His Duel Disk is later upgraded with the function to produce an Action Field, and also appears to have dimensional travel technology incorporated into it. However,  Declan  modified it so that he could not seal a person anymore, and also seemed to have reduced its ability to materialize the effects of a Duel. [11] . Shay is highly acrobatic and athletic, as seen when he jumped off of the sides of several buildings and rolled along the ground to break his fall during his first Duel with  Sora Perse . He is also a highly skilled fighter, strong enough to defeat several guards each with a single blow while escaping from the  Facility  in the  Synchro Dimension .
 
 Etymology 
 His dub name, "Shay", is Gaelic for "hawk". His name could also refer to  Shays' Rebellion , a famous historical uprising, given the fact that rebellion is a key aspect of his character. His dub surname, "Obsidian", is a glassy black volcanic material; an appropriate name for one having gone through the stress that Shay has. His Japanese name, Syun「 隼 」, means "falcon", alluding to his  Xyz Monsters , while his last name can translate to "black blossom". Both of his last names are likely a reference to the black borders of Xyz Monsters.
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Shay with  Lulu  and  Yuto  watching  Kite 's Duel.     
 Shay's homeland,  Heartland City  in the  Xyz Dimension , was once a place where  Duelists  were loved and everyone enjoyed Dueling. Shay attended the  Spade Branch  of  Heartland Duel School [3]  known for training professional Duelists. [11]  Shay was a rival to  Kite Tenjo , the ace of the  Clover Branch . [12] [3]  Whenever the two Dueled, they drew large crowds of children who looked up to them. [13]  Shay and Yuto watched Lulu's Duel as the latter commented on her great Dueling skills. Shay told Yuto that she was his sister (adoptive actually) and after her Duel, he introduced them both to each other. [14]  At one point Shay,  Yuto , and  Lulu  watched a Duel of Kite's from the audience at an arena. [3]  Shay witnessed Lulu lose to  Saya Sasayama , and was furious both that she lost and that she accepted a card from Saya due to his opinion on such matters and he slapped the card from her hands. [10] 
 
         Shay during  the invasion .     
 Heartland was  attacked without warning  one day by  Duel Academy  from the  Fusion Dimension , and without an organized defense, lost comrade after comrade to their foes until they learned to fight back. [15]  On one occasion, Shay fled from several materialized " Chaos Ancient Gear Giants " during the early days of the attacks on Heartland. [16]  He, Yuto and three other Duelists attempted to fight off the "Chaos Giants", but the other Duelists eventually lost and were sealed into cards, forcing Shay and Yuto to retreat. [11] 
 After capturing a Duel Academy Duelist, Shay and Yuto questioned him about the reason behind the assault. After the interrogation, Shay tried to seal the Duelist into a card, but Yuto prevented him from doing so. [17] 
 Shay and four  other Duelists  arrived to witness Yuto Dueling  Yugo . Upon arriving, Yugo fled on his  Duel Runner  and Shay asked Yuto where Lulu was. Yuto shook his head in response, prompting him to curse. [18] 
 At some point after that, Shay cornered another Duel Academy Duelist, who informed him that  Declan  was the Professor's son. Shay theorized that taking Declan hostage would force the Professor,  Leo Akaba , to return Lulu and then proceeded to seal the Duelist into a card, despite the Duelist begging for mercy. [17]  He traveled to the  Standard Dimension  to oppose the Fusion Dimension, and Yuto soon pursued him. [19] [20] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
         Shay scanning  Leo Institute of Dueling  with his  Duel Disk .     
 Having found out that  Leo Institute of Dueling  was run by  Declan Akaba , and knowing that  Duel Academy  was run by  Leo Akaba , Shay determined them to be allied with one another. He conspired to draw out Declan in order to defeat and capture him, hoping to use him in a prisoner exchange with Leo to get  Lulu  back. [21]  To this end, he assaulted  Professor Marco , the teacher of LID's  Fusion Summon  course. He defeated Marco in a Duel and sealed him in  a card . [18]  Sometime later, he surveyed LID from a nearby rooftop. His face concealed, he seemed to be analyzing or searching for something in LID with his  Duel Disk 's radar. [22] 
 
         Shay Dueling  Herc .     
 He later Dueled  Herc , another LID employee, and was witnessed by  Yuto  after the latter was warped there by  Zuzu's bracelet . Shay defeated Herc with his  ace monster  and sealed him inside  a card  as he had with Marco and sent both cards to LID. He later unwittingly saved  Yuya Sakaki  from three LID elites and  Curio Sawatari , who were pursuing Yuya under the latter's orders. Yuya asked Shay on what was going on, but he gave no response. Shay  Xyz Summoned  again and defeated the three elites with his ace monster, sealing them in cards and damaging the nearby overpass. Yuya was knocked out in the process, while Curio was scared off. [18] 
 
         Yuto restrains Shay by punching him in the gut.     
 When  Julia  confronted  Zuzu  and  Sora  and mentioned she was from LID, Shay appeared before her and knocked Zuzu aside, insisting that he would be Julia's opponent. Yuto arrived and attempted to hold Shay back, only for Shay to protest. When Shay noticed Zuzu, he mistook her for Lulu and asked if she had managed to escape with her own strength. Yuto knocked Shay unconscious with a punch to the gut, insisting that she wasn't Lulu, then carried him bodily over the shoulder. Yuya was en route at the time and as he approached, Zuzu's bracelet teleported Yuto and Shay away. [23]  Yuto later reiterated to Shay that Zuzu was not Lulu, as he'd seen her learning Fusion Summoning with a smile on her face, something that Lulu would never have done. [21] 
 Shay moved to ambush Julia later, coming across her in an abandoned street and asking if she was alone and inquiring about Sora and Zuzu's whereabouts. Julia replied that she didn't know and planned to avenge Professor Marco. Shay insulted Marco for his lack of strength and determination. He admitted to her that he had indeed been the attacker of all the LID students, and urged her to sate her rage by defeating him in a Duel. Noting that she'd called in her friends, he claimed that she was underestimating him if she thought that two more would be sufficient to defeat him. Julia revealed that she'd been using herself as bait, sure that Shay would come after her. Her friends,  Dipper  and  Kit  arrived, while LID monitored the proceedings. Claiming it made no difference, Shay challenged all three of them to a  Battle Royal . [2] 
 
         Shay defeats  Kit ,  Julia  and  Dipper .     
 Julia took the first  turn , and Shay took the second, emptying his  hand  to call out his three " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius ",  Setting  two cards before ending his turn. Dipper and Kit made use of their powerful " Constellar "  Xyz  and " X-Saber "  Synchro   monsters  respectively to  destroy  Shay's Set cards, return all of his monsters to his hand, and then  discarding  them. When Julia brought out  Fusion Monsters , Shay looked angry at seeing the monsters of his enemy. Julia then inflicted  effect damage  twice, but before the second instance could defeat Shay, he used his " Raidraptor - Readiness "  Trap  from his  Graveyard  to reduce his  Life Points  to 10 and survive the turn. He expressed that he couldn't feel a steeled strength or an iron determination from their Dueling, while saying that in fighting his enemies, he learned to stand up from defeat to strike back at them until the day they're finally eradicated. He drew " Dimension Xyz " and used it to  overlay  the monsters in his Graveyard to call out " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". Using its effect, it gained  ATK  equal to the ATK of all  Special Summoned  monsters his opponents controlled, raising its ATK to 16400 and allowing it to attack all their monsters, defeating all three of them. Before he could seal them in cards, more LID staff arrived, including  Claude . Shay mocked them, having expected them to show up, and asked them to send out their boss. Their boss in question,  Declan , revealed himself instantly, walking towards Shay grimly, commenting that if he wanted him, he had him. [2] 
 Declan introduced himself as  Leo Corporation 's current President. Shay immediately challenged him to a Duel, but Declan wanted to know why Shay had been attacking LID students. Shay refused to tell him, but Declan deduced that Shay was fighting to rescue his comrades, and thus attacked LID members in order to draw Declan out, hoping to use him as a hostage against Declan's father,  Leo Akaba . Shay confirmed that, but was surprised when Declan claimed that he didn't mean that much to his father. Declan agreed to Duel Shay as long as Shay met his conditions — entering the  Junior Arc League Championship . He informed Shay of a  powerful Fusion user  and  a Duelist  who used a  Summoning method  unknown to Shay, explaining that he wanted Shay to aid him in his fight  against  Leo. [4] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
         Shay enters the  Arc League Championship  under  Declan 's watch.     
 Shay kept to his end of the bargain, entering the Junior Arc League Championship under the banner of  LID , alongside the students he had not long ago defeated. They had been mind-wiped into believing that he had always been a part of LID. He kept to himself, standing apart from the group, and soon found he was scheduled to Duel the  Fusion  user that Declan had spoken of, Sora Perse. [4]  He happened to cross paths with Sora later that day, sparing him a glance. [24]  Later, he watched the Duel between  Julia  and  Zuzu  and reacted significantly to the latter's Fusion Summon, but left before the Duel ended. [25]  He also calmly observed the new Summoning method that Declan had informed him about, the  Pendulum Summon  when it was used by  Yuya Sakaki  and  Sylvio Sawatari . [26] [27]  Before his match with Sora,  Claude  tried to give Shay a  Pendulum Card  that had been made for him, but Shay refused it and walked away. [15] 
 
         " Neo Heartland City " brings back painful memories.     
 Shay and Sora Dueled in the third match of the second day. Shay was shocked when the Action Field that was chosen for him to Duel on was " Neo Heartland City " and he didn't participate in the traditional Action Duel opening, simply talking about the attack on his homeland,  Heartland City . Vowing to show no mercy to the Fusion user, he traded blows evenly with Sora using two " Vanishing Lanius ", even countering the powerful effect of Sora's  Fusion Monster  " Frightfur Bear ". After being accused of only defending, Shay remarked on how they'd had no organized defense in his homeland, and that eventually, they had to learn to win to succeed. He brought out " Rise Falcon " and used it to destroy "Frightfur Bear", once again creating a real shockwave. This prompted Sora to start getting serious. [15]  To this end, Sora Summoned " Frightfur Leo ", but Shay evaded its effect with  Action Cards  and his own Traps. Shay then played " Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force ",  Ranking -Up his "Rise Falcon" into " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ", and prompted much surprise on the part of many watching the Duel, including Sora. Sora survived the attack of "Blaze Falcon" and proceeded to Summon it to his  field  via the effect of " Frightfur Chimera ". He taunted Shay, asking how it felt to be facing defeat at the hands of his own ace monster. Shay responded by explaining that in  the Resistance  they'd learned to prepare for the worst, playing " Rank-Up-Magic Revolution Force ", taking back "Blaze Falcon" and defeating Sora with " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ". After Sora's defeat, he approached him, but Declan warned him not to call any more attention to himself in the eyes of the public. Shay turned and left, ignoring the injured Sora's pleas to Duel him again. [28] 
 Shay was in LID's monitoring room when Sora escaped from the hospital, and identified  Yuto  when Sora encountered him, explaining to Declan who he was. He demanded to be allowed to go and help Yuto several times, but Declan refused to let him. [29]  When the images of the area were lost due to  Yugo 's arrival, followed by the detection of a  Synchro Summon , Shay realized that Yuto was Dueling the so-called Pawn of Fusion. [30]  Two days after  Claude  retrieved Yuto's Duel Disk, Shay wanted to talk to Declan, saying that he hadn't been able to contact Yuto since his disappearance, but Claude refused to let him disturb Declan, and kept Shay in the dark about Yuto's Duel Disk. [31]  Later, while watching Yuya's Duel with  Iggy Arlo , Shay expressed shock when the former Xyz Summoned " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", questioning why Yuto's card was in Yuya's possession. [32]  Convinced that Yuya knew what happened to Yuto, Shay decided to confront Yuya directly, but Declan stopped him by reminding him of their plan to use the tournament as a way to reach Leo. Shay sighed and left, with Claude promising to Declan that he would keep Shay under surveillance. [33] 
 Shay defeated his next Championship opponent,  Chalac  from the  Knights of the Duel Disks , in a one-sided match. Shay was later present in Declan's office, instead of in the stadium with the other Junior Youth competitors, when Declan rounded up the Top 8 Duelists from the Senior division. After Declan briefed them about the upcoming  Battle Royal , he turned to Shay and reminded him that his duty was to observe the Junior Youth Duelists and find the ones with enough potential to join the Lancers. Shay complained that that would mean he couldn't Duel in the next round, stating that he would have no choice but to participate if the Youth Duelists lost, prompting a spiteful response from  Kev Ravenwood . In response, he contemptuously told the Senior Duelists to do their best to stay alive and then left for the stadium, which he entered just as the Battle Royal was about to begin. [34] 
 Although he was not seen in the opening ceremony, Shay participated in the Battle Royal to determinate potential Lancers candidates. [34]  His first encounter was in the Ruins Area of " Quartet of Quandry ", where he encountered  Ashley ,  Bram  and  Carl , students of the Knights of the Duel Disks who wanted to avenge their companion Chalac. [35]  He accepted their challenge and Dueled the three at the same time, easily defeating them with "Rise Falcon" in a single attack. Shay walked away, thinking they were unfit for the Lancers. [36]  He waited in the Ruins Area, where he encountered Yuya. They exchanged questions about each other, but Shay was angry that Yuya had Yuto's "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon", and accused him of harming Yuto. Yuya denied this claiming that he did not know what happened, but Yuto entrusted the card to him to make people smile with his Duels. [37] 
 Before the two could continue their conversation, the previously defeated Knights of the Duel Disks students performed a Battle Royal between themselves with Yuya and Shay at the center launching attacks with their three " Assault Knight Slash " in order to physically harm the duo while keeping themselves alive through its effect. They further provoked them that they were "Dueling" and if they were displeased, they could join their Duel and pay the 2000  LP  penalty for intrusion. The attack blew away both Shay and Yuya from one another. They caught a glimpse of Sora and members of the  Obelisk Force . Sora declared his intentions of getting revenge on Shay and challenged him to a Duel. Ignoring Yuya's pleas, Sora instructed the Obelisk Force to deal with any interference, as the two left to have their Duel. [37]  Shay started strongly, bringing out three " Raidraptor - Force Strix " on his first turn and maximizing their ATK, before launching his attack. When questioned if he wasn't fighting seriously by Sora, Shay replied that he was always serious when he Dueled, even if he was facing a worthless opponent. [38] 
 
         Shay loses to  Sora .     
 After a protracted Duel, Sora eventually Fusion Summoned " Frightfur Tiger " and used it to destroy all of Shay's monsters, defeating him and knocking him out of the temple door, past  Celina , and down the steps. [39]  Badly injured, Shay was rescued by Celina, and further saved when Sora caught up to them by  Sun Shadow , who stayed behind to Duel Sora, and  Moon Shadow , who accompanied Celina and Shay. Three Obelisk Force members approached Celina, requesting that she come with them, but Celina refused, and Shay stepped protectively in front of her. They began a Duel, and Shay tried to take the first turn, but Moon Shadow initiated instead and protected them with his " Ninjitsu Art " cards, reassuring Shay when he asked that this was nothing compared to Shay's injuries. Shay tried to take his turn again after the Obelisk Force had all done so, but was this time upstaged by Celina, who he was shocked to see Fusion Summon. Shay witnessed  Reed  and  Trout 's entrance into the Duel and their subsequent defeat and sealing, as well as the arrival of  Sylvio Sawatari , who saved Moon Shadow from the same fate. [40] 
 
         Accepting assistance, Shay performs a  Pendulum Summon .     
 However, even with Sylvio's help, the Obelisk Force still got the upper hand by Summoning " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ". Shay told Sylvio and the others to back down, but before he could start,  Gong  interfered and gave Shay two of Sylvio's Pendulum Monsters, " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel " and " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " by using the effects of " Superheavy Samurai Transporter " and two copies of " Superheavy Samurai Thief ". Shay asked why he gave him Pendulum cards, which Gong answered that the rest was up to him to decide. Shay thought about the people who had helped him and were sealed into cards, and though he still decried their help as ridiculous, he finally decided to Pendulum Summon. He Pendulum Summoned three copies of " Raidraptor - Wild Vulture " and then used them to Xyz Summon "Revolution Falcon". Shay attacked all three of the Obelisk Force's monsters with it, winning the Duel for him and his allies. Afterwards, Shay witnessed the Duel between Sora and Yuya which ended without a result since the Battle Royal timer had ran out. Sora escaped back to the Fusion Dimension, but Declan arrived and with Sylvio, explained that they had passed the test to become Lancers. [41] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Shay learned that Celina had switched clothes with Zuzu to come and ask him about what had happened in the  Xyz Dimension . When  Yuya  challenged Declan to a Duel, Declan used " Neo Heartland City " again for the Action Field, much to Shay's fury. He refused to talk about his traumatic past to the new Lancers, so Declan explained the basics of what had happened. Celina revealed to Shay that she had originally come to the  Standard Dimension  to fight him. When he questioned Celina about what Zuzu had asked her, Shay confirmed what Zuzu had said; that Duel Academy students had hunted innocent people as if it were a game and that their faces and laughter would be forever in his memory. He then asked Celina why she resembled Lulu (in the dub, he says it hurts to look at her because she looks exactly like Lulu). [42]  He was surprised when he realized that Yuya's Pendulum-Xyz Summoning had likely been born out of Yuya's promise to  Yuto  and shocked to see the Summoning of " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ". [43] 
 The following day, Declan gathered the Lancers, including his little brother  Riley . Shay was dismissive of the boy, believing that he wouldn't last against Duel Academy, but Declan revealed that they were instead going to the  Synchro Dimension  to recruit allies in their fight against Duel Academy. Shay was angry that they weren't taking the fight directly to Duel Academy and wanted to go there by himself, but Celina claimed that it would be suicidal for him to do so, and reassured Shay that Lulu would be as well-treated there as Celina herself had been. Shay was still angry at Yuya for taking Yuto's "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" card, but Yuto communicated to Shay from within Yuya. He told him that Yuya was an ally that they could depend on and trust. When Shay snapped back to reality, Yuya asked him what was wrong and the former replied it was nothing. Declan explained to the group that he'd upgraded their  Duel Disks  to travel across dimensions and produce an Action Field, and they departed for the Synchro Dimension. [44] 
 
         Shay wins against  Hunter Pace .     
 Shay arrived alone in the Synchro Dimension's  New Domino City , assuming that everyone else had been trapped between dimensions. He heard rumors of an  Underground Dueling Arena  where  Duelists  Dueled with their all and managed to gain access to it with the intention to recruit more allies. Finding the Duelists to be below his expectations, Shay quickly became a crowd favorite, defeating nine Duelists in a row, including  Hunter Pace  in  Turbo Duels .  Dennis  and Gong arrived, having been picked up by the arena's owner  Lucas Swank , and Shay explained his intention to win his way into the  Friendship Cup  and Duel the Duel King,  Jack Atlas . [45] 
 
         Shay in a  Turbo Duel  against  Dennis .     
 Lucas ended up pitting Shay against Dennis in a Turbo Duel after the two directed mild barbs at one another. Since it was his tenth game in his winning streak, Shay was handicapped with a 1000  LP  start, but he swiftly inflicted damage to Dennis. Dennis was able to prevent game ending damage and Shay did the same, using " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force " to call out " Blaze Falcon " and nearly defeat Dennis. He was surprised at the intensity of Dennis's Dueling, given that Dennis was an LID student and grew suspicious. Dennis responded that he was indeed from LID and performed a Pendulum Summon on his next turn. [45]  Dennis performed a Pendulum-Xyz Summon to bring out " Performage Shadow Maker " and destroy "Blaze Falcon", but Shay avoided damage and brought out " Revolution Falcon " using "Revolution Force". Despite this, Dennis was able to Summon another "Shadow Maker" using the effect of the first one. Before the Duel could end, however, their  Duel Runners  were deactivated and they were sent tumbling, and were then arrested by  Sector Security . [8] 
 
         Shay,  Gong  and Dennis are arrested by  Sector Security .     
 Upon arriving at the  Facility , Shay got into a fight with ten other prisoners and was sent to solitary confinement as a result. [46]  He heard the cheering during Yuya's Duel with the prisoner "boss",  Chojiro Tokumatsu . [47]  Later, Shay resolved to break out of the Facility by himself. He climbed to the ceiling of the cell to trick the guards into coming in to look for him. As soon as they did, Shay broke out into the hallways and knocked the guards out with ease. He ran into Gong, who was part of a larger-scale breakout and had come to break Shay out himself. Shay claimed that he didn't need Gong, but he led him to a storage room to reclaim theirs and Dennis' Duel Disks, refusing to leave while unarmed. [48]  He intervened when Gong failed to save Yuya, Sylvio, and Chojiro from the  Stomptroopers . He took advantage of the lack of  Level  of "Rise Falcon" to bypass the effect of the troopers' " Goyo King " and defeat them. They regrouped with the rest of the escaped Lancers in addition to fellow escapees  Crow ,  Shinji , and  Damon , but when they attempted to swim from the Facility, they were arrested personally by Sector Security Director  Jean-Michel Roget . Envoys of the  High Council  intervened on their behalf, and the Lancers were inducted into the Friendship Cup, with Shay set up to Duel against Dennis on the second day of the tournament in the first round. [49] [9] 
 Shay Dueled Dennis again in the final Duel of the second day of the Friendship Cup. Suspecting that Dennis was an agent of Duel Academy, he vowed to prove it during their Duel. Shay started off much the same as their previous Duel, using " Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle " to inflict early damage to Dennis. Dennis called out four Xyz Monsters, " Performage Trapeze Magician " and three "Peformage Shadow Makers", but Shay defended with "Revolution Falcon" and used " Raidraptor - Target Flag " in an attempt to force Dennis to reveal his hand upon the destruction of "Trapeze Magician". He was able to break through Dennis's defense, accusing him of using tactics that weren't taught at LID, and he destroyed "Trapeze Magician". Dennis grimly revealed the card in his hand - " Polymerization ", revealing that he was indeed from Duel Academy when he performed a  Fusion Summon  to Summon " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ". Remembering the monster from the attack on Heartland, Shay faced the now darkly talking Dennis, refusing to allow the monster to rampage again. [16] 
 After learning about Lulu's kidnapping from Dennis, Shay became more enraged and Summoned his strongest monster, " Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon ". He used it to defeat Dennis mercilessly, leaving him injured. After the Duel, Shay angrily approached Dennis and attempted to seal him into a card but he realized he couldn't do that, speculating that Declan removed that function from his Duel Disk. Shay attempted to punch Dennis instead, but he was quickly restrained and taken away by the stadium's security. [11] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
         Shay saves  Tarren  during his Duel against  Crow .     
 Shay watched the Duel between Zuzu and  Sergey Volkov  and he was extremely shocked after witnessing Zuzu's brutal defeat. [50]  Shay later watched the Duel between Yuya and Shinji. [51]  He was set to Duel against Crow Hogan for his second Duel, and he theorized that Duel Academy might have more agents in the Synchro Dimension, vowing to expose them. [52]  Uncaring of the controversy between the  Topsiders  and the Commons, Shay warned Crow before the Duel that he wouldn't show him mercy if he was from Duel Academy. Crow's " Blackwings " traded blows with "Raidraptor - Rise Falcon" evenly, but despite losing a large portion of his LP, Shay was able to protect "Rise Falcon" and Rank-Up his monster to bring out "Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon" to destroy Crow's own ace monster, " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ". Shay affirmed during the Duel that he didn't consider the other Lancers to be his comrades and that the loss of his comrades from the Xyz Dimension had caused him to view everyone else as an enemy and everything as a battlefield. [53]  He urged Crow to come at him, and Crow delivered, resurrecting "Raikiri" through  Phantom Synchro  and preventing Shay from getting an Action Card. Shay noticed that  Tarren  was clinging onto the back of "Raikiri", having been dislodged from his watching position and attempted to stop the Duel, but Crow refused and destroyed "Blaze Falcon". Shay used "Raptor's Force" to bring out "Revolution Falcon" and managed to get Crow to notice Tarren. Tarren was dislodged and Shay managed to catch him on "Revolution Falcon". He explained to Tarren that he had previously had children that cheered for him as well before returning Tarren to Zuzu,  Frank , and  Amanda . Crow thanked Shay, and Shay thanked Crow as well; as seeing Crow and the children had reminded him that he was fighting for the children of Heartland, before discussing his similarities with Crow. Shay brought out "Satellite Cannon Falcon" on his next turn with " Rank-Up-Magic Skip Force " and then reused "Skip Force" in order to call out " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon ". Crow was barely able to survive the turn and countered with a flurry of Synchro Summons on his next turn to bring out " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder ", which defeated "Ultimate Falcon" and Shay with it; Shay smiling as he was defeated. Before going to the underground, Shay and Crow told one another to continue fighting their enemies, and they parted as comrades. [54]  Amanda, Frank, Tarren, and Zuzu later discovered that Shay had gone to the Underground Labor Facility when they took refuge there themselves. [55] 
 Shay was doing cleanup work until Crow came down and explained that Duel Academy had invaded New Domino City. He started fighting the guards until they restrained him, but was saved by Moon Shadow. Shay, Gong, and Sylvio then got their  Duel Disks  from Moon Shadow, who also informed that Riley was Dueling alone to protect Celina. Shay and Sylvio decided to go help while Gong stayed to protect Zuzu from Sector Security. Their escape route was blocked off by an electric gate, forcing them to Duel against five guards, who were all defeated by Shay's " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ". Lucas then came on a mining cart to capture them but crashed into the electric gate. The Stomptroopers arrived and surrounded them but were stopped when Shinji activated the conveyor belt. Lucas returned to Duel them but was attacked by  Officer 227  and his fellow former officers, allowing Shay, Sylvio, and Moon Shadow to escape; Shay exchanging a fist bump with Crow from far away. [56] 
 
         Shay flies in with his " Raidraptors " to take  Yuya  to the  Duel Palace  to Duel  Jack .     
 Shay worked alone again, jumping on and off a boat to cross a river and get to the other side of a district, while wondering about the whereabouts of the Obelisk Force. [57]  As the rioting continued he was running around and muttering about the whereabouts of Duel Academy, unaware that they had already been defeated by Yuya, Riley, Sora, Moon Shadow, and Sergey, and that they retreated back to the Fusion Dimension. [58]  He found and rescued Riley from rioting Commons and accompanied him, Sylvio, and Chojiro to the Capital Building where they were joined by Declan. Declan asked Shay to have his "Raidraptors" to fly them to the  Duel Palace  and rescue Yuya, as Declan had predicted that this was where Yuya would have gone. They picked Yuya, Gong,  Sam , Frank, Amanda and Tarren up from the bridge to the Duel Palace and brought them inside, where Yuya challenged Jack Atlas to a Duel. [59]  Shay helped the Lancers and Chojiro in fending off Sector Security when they stormed the Duel Palace, tearing all of their enemies with "Raidraptor - Rise Falcon". [60]  During the Duel after Yuya managed to withstand the attack of Jack's " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", Shay remarked that it was too soon to be at ease. He later went out with the Lancers to quell the Commons' riots, seeking out Crow and intervening in Crow's face-off with  Shinji Weber . [61] 
 
         Shay over look Heartland.     
 Shay succeeded in resolving Crow and Shinji's issues, as they both left Shay and got on their Duel Runners to show their support for Yuya's Duel against Jack. Shay watched the remainder of the Duel and smiled when Yuya won. Shay also watched Sora's broadcast and was shocked to learn that  Jean-Michel Roget  defeated Sora and Moon Shadow. He quickly left before the broadcast ended, heading towards Sector Security Headquarters to join the efforts in rescuing Zuzu from Roget. [62]  He broke into the building with "Rise Falcon" and found Gong and Sylvio at the control room where Sora had sent his message. Shay commented that Sora was likely still alive. After Yuya rescued Zuzu, Shay was the first to notice that Roget was still alive. Roget activated the Interdimensional Transportation Machine, which teleported himself and Zuzu to an unknown dimension. When Gong tried to prevent Yuya from being sucked into the wormhole too, Shay came to his aid and Sylvio to his, but they were all sucked into the wormhole and ended up in the ruins of a city. Shay informed the others that this was  Heartland City  in the  Xyz Dimension . [63] 
 
 Heartland City 
 After informing the Lancers where they were, Shay separated from them to check on the Resistance base, but he found it abandoned and concluded that this comrades had been wiped out in his absence. He left the building and lamented that he'd thought that allying with Declan would be a shortcut to Lulu, remembering both when he'd first found out about Declan and their first meeting. [17] 
 
         Shay arriving with Allen and Saya.     
 While Yuya and  Kite  were Dueling and Kite mistook Yuya for Yuto, Shay,  Allen , and  Saya  arrived and cleared up the misunderstanding. He revealed that Yuya, Sylvio and Gong were his comrades but Kite still doubted him. Shay assured Kite that Yuya wanted to stop Duel Academy as much as they did, asking him to trust Yuya like he did. However Kite refused before disappearing in a flash of light after hearing Yuya's last name. [64] 
 At the Resistance's  new hideout , Shay revealed that they were able to find Yuya and the others because the refugees that they had saved before told their location and gave them their gratitude. Allen then suspected that Yuya was in fact Yuto himself due to their great resemblance and even using " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", but Shay cleared the confusion, explaining that despite their resemblance Yuya is not Yuto and the latter had suddenly vanished. He furthered explained that he originally thought Yuya had stolen "Dark Rebellion" from Yuto, however, after watching Yuya throughout their battle at  Synchro Dimension , he dismissed his suspicion as he now understood why Yuto entrusted "Dark Rebellion" to Yuya. Allen then explained that while they were gone, Duel Academy had launched a massive offensive attack that almost completely destroyed both  Spade  and  Clover branchs ' Resistance Duelists, including Kite's family. Shay blamed himself for this, thinking that if he and Yuto were there, they might be able to do something to change the situation. [20] 
 
         Shay attempting to bring Kite back to the Resistance.     
 Shay appeared to Kite after the latter shrugged off Allen and Saya's attempt to bring him back. He grabbed Kite's shoulder, prompting Kite to lunge away and threaten to turn Shay into a card as well. Shay told him to go ahead and try and the two started a Duel.  Shay Summoned " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " on his first turn, a move Kite called a disgraceful misplay, as that monster's effect requires the opponent to control a  Special Summoned  monster to be used. Shay was able to counter the effect of Kite's " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " with " Raptor's Intercept Formation " and mitigate some of the impact of that attack with an  Action Card , " Miracle ". Kite claimed Shay was a coward. Shay brought out " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon " and destroyed "Cipher Dragon", but Kite used " Cipher Spectrum " to revive it and Special Summon a second one. Yuya arrived and asked them to stop the fight, as they were comrades. Kite claimed that "Cipher Dragon" was a part of him and that he no longer needed comrades. Shay used a string of Action Cards in an attempt to take down "Cipher Dragon" but failed and brought out " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon ". Kite chided him for claiming the Action Cards represented his new comrades and that the move failing must mean his comrades will fail too. When Yuya began talking about Kite and Shay's past and revealed that Yuto resided inside of him, Shay claimed he had had a hunch about that. Though "Ultimate Falcon" nearly won Shay the Duel, " Cipher Mirror Knight " and " Cipher Clone Magic " enabled Kite to come back and defeat it and Shay. Kite moved to turn Shay into a card after the Duel, but stopped to reconsider after Saya pleaded with him. Having already lost  Lulu , Saya said she couldn't bear to lose Shay as well. Kite still seemed to be consider turning him into a card, but reluctantly stopped and proceeded to walk away. [13] 
 Shay returned to the hideout and decided to split the Lancers into two groups to find Saya. He told Gong and Sylvio not to slack off. [65]   While searching, Shay and Yuya heard Sylvio's scream and ran to his location. They arrived and found Sylvio, Gong, Allen, and Saya on the ground. Shay was surprised when Gong whispered, " Amazoness ". He then asked the  female   Duelists  if were they the ones who used "Amazoness"  Decks . The sisters thought Shay was a Resistance member who fled, and Shay was about to respond until Yuto cut in via Yuya. Shay asked Yuya to let Yuto do what he wanted because Yuto must be feeling the same way as Shay was. Yuya agreed under the condition that he could Duel his own way; Shay replied that Yuya could do what he wanted, as Shay would Duel his own way. They Dueled the Tyler Sisters in a  Tag-Team Duel  and learned that the Professor had sent the Tyler sisters after them; Shay noted defeating them would thus be all the sweeter. On Shay's turn, Shay told the Tyler sisters that he would show them how the Resistance retaliated when cornered. He Pendulum-Xyz Summoned "Raidraptor - Rise Falcon" and attacked both " Amazoness Pet Liger " and " Amazoness Empress ", but was unable to destroy them due to their effects and furiously watched as the Tyler sisters regained their lost LP with " Amazoness Hot Spring ". Shay was able to use " Rank-Up-Magic Escape Force " and " Raidraptor - Iron Heart " to dodge the attack by Ranking-Up "Rise Falcon" into "Blaze Falcon" and then reviving "Rise Falcon". Grace told Shay to give up, Shay told them that the Resistance didn't know those words and he vowed that he would never give up. Yuya asked Shay and Yuto to let him answer their feelings, and Shay eventually agreed. Shay heard Yuya telling Yuto that he would borrow their strength and helped him by using the effect of "Rise Falcon". He then smiled as he and Yuya won the Duel. [66] 
 
         An unconscious Shay being carried by  Kite .     
 After the Duel, Shay told Allen to be himself when he accepted Yuya as a comrade before the Obelisk Force arrived. He and Yuya decided to Duel them since the others were injured. Shay told Yuya that his Dueltaining wouldn't work on them, but he would still Duel his own way. Shay brought out "Rise Falcon", but it was destroyed by the effect of " Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ". Shay used " Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force  to summon "Blaze Falcon" and gain advantage. When Yuya was targeted by the effect of " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", Shay activated " Raidraptor - Silent Roar " to negate it. After the Obelisk Force brought out " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", Shay ran to save Saya from the falling debris caused by the shockwaves created by "Chaos Giant". He was able save Saya but he was badly injured by the debris and he collapsed from his wounds. [67]  After Kite defeated the squad  Aster Phoenix  bought with him, he carried Shay on his back and escaped with the others, while Yuya Dueled Aster. [68] 
 
         Shay placed in a recovery pod.     
 Shay was safely taken back to the Resistance hideout and resting there with Saya, Sylvio, and Gong watching over him. The Duel Academy in Heartland decided to abandon  Arc Project  and help rebuild the  Xyz Dimension  to atone for what they have done. Shay was relocated to Duel Academy's base in Heartland for more proper medication under Aster's suggestion, being placed in a healing capsule until he recovered. Kite then took his place to rescue Lulu. [69] 
 Shay recovered from his injuries and he and Aster traveled to Duel Academy. He arrived in time to see Kite falling off of the Western tower, and sent "Rise Falcon" to save him. He told Kite how Aster helped him and decided to come when finding out that the Lancers were going to Duel Academy. He learned from Kite that Lulu pushed him off the tower and ran up the tower to see her. [70]  He made it to the top of the tower and saw Lulu. They hugged each other after being reunited until Kite arrived. Shay and Kite argued about Lulu's sanity until she tried to attack Shay. Upon seeing this, Shay refused to forgive Duel Academy and accepted her challenge. Before the Duel, Kite gave Shay Saya's " Little Fairy ". Shay Xyz Summoned "Rise Falcon" on the first turn, and upon seeing Lulu Summon  Lyrilusc - Assembled Nightingale ", Shay was positive that it was Lulu, but she had fallen into the darkness. Shay told Lulu that he would bring Lulu back to her true self and he brought out "Blaze Falcon" to reduce the Overlay Units of "Assembled Nightingale". Lulu attacked Shay again on her next turn, and Shay commented that it was sweet that Lulu was still using the same Deck despite being under Duel Academy's control and he claimed that she couldn't defeat him due to being familiar with it. However, Lulu Summoned a new monster, " Fusion Parasite ", and used it to  Fusion Summon  " Lyrilusc  - Independent Nightingale ", much to Shay's shock. He deduced that "Fusion Parasite" was controlling Lulu since she would never use Fusion and fended off Lulu's efforts to defeat him. Shay asked if Lulu remembered her Duel with Saya in the Clover Branch tournament. He told her how he didn't understand Saya's behavior, even after losing Lulu. But after meeting Yuya and the Lancers, he understood and he Summoned "Little Fairy" and used its effect twice to increase its Level to 5 before combining it with "Blaze Falcon" via " Cross Xyz " to  Cross Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Stranger Falcon ". He told Lulu that Saya, Kite, and all of their comrades were waiting for her return, but she claimed that she didn't care. He activated the effect of "Stranger Falcon" to destroy "Independent Nightingale" and inflict damage equal to its ATK. Lulu regained control of her body and told Shay to attack her. "Stranger Falcon" did so, winning Shay the Duel, and Shay ran to check on Lulu. [10] 
 
         Shay greets his sister after her rest while taking her down the tower.     
 As Shay made it to the bottom of the tower with Lulu on his back, he collapsed. He held his shoulder while Lulu ran off to go find Kite for help. [71]  When Yuya and Yuto vowed to regain Lulu's sanity by destroying "Independent Nightingale", Shay told them it was useless. He told Yuya how he already Dueled Lulu and destroyed "Fusion Parasite" but the result ended the same and they probably have to defeat  the person  controlling her. He was surprised to see Yuya using Yuto's Deck and was happy when he Xyz Summoned " The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin ". Shay then told Yuya that he was leaving Lulu to him while he looked for the person controlling her but was tased by Celina. [14]  Shay muttered Lulu's name and told Yuya to go after her and Celina, passing out in the process. [72] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Kite  found Shay in  the Doktor 's lab, and Shay informed Kite that the Doktor had brainwashed  Lulu .  Aster  arrived as well, and Shay told him and Kite to go after  Yuya , who was following Lulu and  Celina . [73]  Shay wondered what was happening when he saw the world distorting around him, and he came across Kite again and asked him what had happened to their comrades. [74]  They made it outside  Duel Academy  to see the dimension fractured and ominous fog coming from the  City , causing Shay to wonder what was happening. They saw  Sora  and Aster Dueling through a dimensional rift, and Shay wondered who were they Dueling. He was shocked to see that they appeared to be Dueling Yuya, but Kite explained that they must be Dueling  Z-ARC , and he noted that Z-ARC must have been revived. Shay realized that Z-ARC was the being that had been formed from Yuya,  Yuto ,  Yugo  and  Yuri , and they moved to assist Sora and Aster. After Z-ARC fused with the " Supreme King Z-ARC ", Shay and Kite arrived and joined the Duel and both received intrusion penalties as Shay's Duel Disk turning the Duel into an  Action Duel . Z-ARC defeated Sora and Aster, and Shay ran to check on Sora, who lamented his failure to reach Yuya and gave  Yuya's pendant  to Shay. Shay promised to return Yuya to normal, and he and Kite then prepared to take on Z-ARC. Shay declared that Z-ARC's form didn't suit him and vowed to return Yuya and Yuto to normal. [75] 
 
         Shay and Kite are defeated by Z-ARC.     
 Shay looked at Yuya's pendant, noting that Sora and Aster had believed in and fought for Yuya's heart. Kite declared that they would inherit that belief, and Shay agreed that they would bring Yuya and Yuto back. He quickly  Xyz Summoned  " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " and flew up to meet Z-ARC, but to his surprise this allowed Z-ARC to Xyz Summon " Supreme King Dragon Dark Rebellion " during his turn, though the appearance of his friend's corrupted ace monster caused Shay to believe that Yuto was still present within Z-ARC. As he activated the effect of "Rise Falcon", he asked Yuto if he remembered restraining Shay with one punch in the  Standard Dimension , vowing to do the same for Yuto and begging him and Yuya to wake up. Z-ARC countered with the effect of "Dark Rebellion", forcing Shay to remove "Rise Falcon's" Overlay Units via " Overlay Burst Armor " to protect it. Kite noted that he and Shay could reach Yuya and Yuto through their Dueling, though Shay reminded him that the effect of "Dark Rebellion" was in the way. Shay was surprised to see  Allen  and  Saya  on a nearby rock, wondering how they had been transported to the Fusion Dimension. Z-ARC attacked "Cipher Dragon", Shay told Allen not to panic and used " Rank-Up-Magic Devotion Force " to  Rank-Up  "Rise Falcon" into " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ". In response, Kite used " Rank-Up-Magic Limitover Force " to  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ", and Shay used his own "Limitover Force" to Rank-Up "Blaze Falcon" into " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " and multiply its ATK by the number of "Rank-Up-Magic" cards they had. He begged Yuto to listen to his voice, but Z-ARC used the effect of "Dark Rebellion" to return it to his Extra Deck and Special Summon two " Supreme King Dragon Darkwurms " to reduce the ATK of their monsters to 0. Shay and Kite used  Action Cards  when Z-ARC attacked them, but the effect of "Supreme King Z-ARC" destroying them as they had been added to their hands outside the  Draw Phase . Shay and Kite were defeated and blasted through the air, but they were fortunately caught by  Gong , who had joined the Duel with  Jack  before their defeat. Shay apologized to Sora for his failure and told Gong that it was up to him and he gave him Yuya's pendant. [76] 
 Shay realized that Z-ARC planed to  Synchro Summon  during Jack's turn after Z-ARC told Jack that he had already lost by Synchro Summoning. Jack and Z-ARC countered one another's attacks, and Shay wondered what else Jack could do this turn. To his surprise, Jack and Gong were able to get Z-ARC to react to  Dueltaining . He was also surprised when  New Domino City  materialized in the Fusion Dimension. To Shay's shock,  Crow  joined the Duel alongside  Sylvio , having been freed from the  card  that he had been sealed in. [77]  Shay was surprised that Crow was able to deal damage to Z-ARC and when it appeared that Sylvio had destroyed "Supreme King Z-ARC". To his shock, the  Fusion   Synchro  and  Xyz Monsters  in Z-ARC's  Graveyard  were preventing it from being destroyed, including Shay's " Raidraptors ". Shay and Kite were surprised when  Leo Akaba  joined the Duel. [78]  He and Kite were happy when  Declan  managed to dealt damage to Z-ARC. However, Shay was worried due to Z-ARC turning the Duel around his way and was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed Declan. He and Kite were pleased when  Riley   turned  all of Z-ARC's Xyz Monsters into  Normal Monsters  with their effects negated. [79] 
 
         Shay about to punch Leo for sacrificing Lulu.     
 Following the battle against Z-ARC, Declan informed Shay of a recreation of the  Junior Arc League Championship , but Shay didn't care about it and he instead went to the Fusion Dimension to look for Lulu. [80]  He approached Leo's chambers, demanding to be let in as  Alexis Rhodes  tried to calm him down and explain that Leo was trying to revive  Ray . Unaware of Ray's identity, Shay ignored her and pounded on the door to Leo's chambers. Sora and Yuya arrived, and Yuya explained that Lulu was Ray's reincarnation as Yuya was of Z-ARC. Shay didn't believe Yuya, incensed at the implication that his memories with his sister were false. Yuya explained that he believed their memories were true and he challenged Shay to a Duel. Shay ignored his request, and Sora and Alexis realized that Shay wouldn't believe them, and they agreed to let him in to see Leo. Alexis asked Shay not to disturb Leo, but Shay pushed her aside and angrily asked Leo where Lulu was. Leo explained that Lulu had vanished as Yuto had when Z-ARC's fragments became Yuya, and Shay angrily grabbed Leo's shoulder and prepared to punch him. Leo replied that Shay could hit him all he wanted; he had been so caught up in reviving Ray that he had disregarded the lives of her fragments. Shay lowered his fist and he reflected that having lost Yuto and Lulu, Dueling was all that was left to him, and he accepted Yuya's challenge. (In the dub, Yuya did not challenge Shay; Shay instead blamed Yuya for turning into Z-ARC, and took him outside to duel.) Shay and Yuya dueled in the courtyard, and Shay agreed to accept that Lulu was gone if he lost, but ordered Yuya to get out of his sight if Shay won. Shay countered Yuya's  Action Cards  with his own, eventually bringing out "Rise Falcon" to destroy " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Yuya revived "Odd-Eyes" on his next turn and attacked without using " Dark Rebellion " as Shay thought he would, but Shay used " Rank-Up-Magic Battle Up Force " to  Rank-Up  "Rise Falcon" into "Revolution Falcon", activating its effect for a winning blow. However, Yuya survived by lowering the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" with " Balance Magician ", then bringing out " Odd-Eyes Lancer Dragon " to counter "Revolution Falcon" and destroy it. Shay responded with " Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force " to Rank-Up "Revolution Falcon" into the  Rank 12  " Raidraptor - Final Fortress Falcon ". He launched repeated attacks with "Final Fortress Falcon", but Yuya endured the attacks with the effects of "Lancer Dragon" and activated " Cross Damage " to inflict the damage to both of them for an apparent draw. However, the final effect of "Lancer Dragon" allowed Yuya to survive, defeating Shay, but as Shay lost, he saw Yuya as Yuto. He accepted Yuya's hand up, but denied that Lulu was gone after witnessing Yuto's presence, and Yuya agreed that he would save them. However, Jack then announced that Yuya couldn't save anyone in his current state. [81] 
 Sora asked Yuya if he was afraid, and Shay agreed that he had felt an uncomfortable moment when Yuya didn't bring out "Dark Rebellion". Jack explained that Yuya feared using the Four Dimension Dragons because he might integrate with them again. Shay learned that his and Dennis' Duels with Yuya didn't make Riley smile as they had been intended to, and he was surprised when the  Multiverse Speedway  activated throughout the  Four Dimensions . Crow brought Yuya his  Duel Runner  and Turbo Suit, and Shay watched Yuya and Jack's subsequent  Turbo Duel  with Crow, Sora, and Alexis. He was worried when Yuya was pushed into a corner. [82]  Shay bump fists with Crow when Yuya won and watched his Duel with Declan. [83]  Shay was surprised when Yuya Fusion Summoned " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon  and when Yuya destroyed " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " on purpose to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ". Shay was also shocked when he thought Yuya defeated Declan and wonder how Yuya would fight when he used the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician " to lower their monsters ATK to 0. He watched Yuya and Declan gather action cards to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to "Five-Rainbow Magician's" effect. Shay was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by Ray to witness her revival as Zuzu and was happy when Lulu's spirit revived as well. [84] 
 
 Other appearances 
 Shun Kurosaki (manga) Shay Obsidian (Tag Force) 
 Relationships 
 Lulu Obsidian 
         Shay in a picture with Lulu and Yuto.     
 Shay shows a fierce determination to rescue his younger sister and tends to overreact when someone mentions her. This is to the point of threatening his own best friend,  Yuto , for stopping him from reaching a potential lead. When he mistook  Zuzu  for Lulu, he was shocked and wondered how she "escaped" and called for her again before fainting when Yuto punched him. When he Dueled  Dennis  and after learning that he was the one who assisted Yuri to kidnap her, he became full of rage and Dueled for her sake, showing how much he deeply loved and cared about her. This is in spite of a slightly rocky relationship as siblings; Shay once yelled at her for losing a Duel and accepting a card from her opponent, Saya. [10] 
 By the end of the series, Shay accepts that Lulu will not resurrect as a separate being from Zuzu (Ray's true reincarnation).
 
 Yuto 
 Yuto  and Shay are best friends, although Shay seems to dislike flaunting this fact. They have a strong bond of trust between them, as Shay showed no concern when Yuto dueled  Sora Perse  to save Lulu, trusting Yuto's skill. However, they seem to have contradicting views regarding their methodology as they seem to work separately while in pursuit of the same goal, but seem to remain in contact with each other occasionally. Shay displayed concern when Yuto disappeared after his Duel with  Yugo , and later demanded  Yuya  to explain what happened to Yuto and why he had Yuto's " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " card. Shay also considers Yuto his 'one and only best friend' as seen during his Duel with Dennis.
 Despite initially believing Yuto to be gone like Lulu, Shay saw his old friend in Yuya's eyes, confirming he lived on inside Yuya.
 
 Declan Akaba 
 As  Declan  is the son of his enemy,  Leo Akaba , Shay originally saw him as a target and based his attacks on  LID  to lure Declan out, capture him and use him as a bargaining chip for Lulu. Realizing that they both see Leo as an enemy, Shay agreed to work with him to form the Lancers. Shay is shown to not fully trust Declan and is frequently annoyed when his demands to take action are refused, forcing him to stay back and watch. Declan often had to request his subordinates to keep Shay under surveillance to ensure he didn't do anything reckless that could affect his plans. In spite of his annoyance, Shay usually relents and follows Declan's instructions, however, he was furious to discover that Declan had sealed the carding function of his Duel Disk permanently in his attempt to get revenge for Lulu and the Xyz Dimension once Dennis was defeated.
 
 Sora Perse 
 Shay had a hate-filled rivalry with Sora, because of his connection to Duel Academy when they first met each other, and in turn Sora hated him because of his Xyz background. During his first Duel against Sora in the Arc League Championship, It was revealed that Sora was an agent sent from Duel Academy to gather information by infiltrating  LID , and after losing to Shay, he wanted revenge by proving he's better than Shay. Shay accepted the rematch and was eventually defeated by Sora, in which he was happy that he won. During the Lancers' stay in the Synchro Dimension, while the two never interacted, Shay knew about Sora becoming a traitor to Duel Academy, as he showed sense and rationality whenever Sora was mentioned and did not treat him with hostility when they finally met again. It was shown after Sora's defeat at the hands of Z-ARC that the two no longer hold any resentment toward one another and treat each other as allies, with Sora pleading to Shay to rescue Yuya from the darkness. After the Dimensional War, all hostility disappeared; Sora permitted Shay's return to the Fusion Dimension to meet with Leo Akaba and find out what happened to Lulu.
 
 Celina 
 Shay was initially surprised to see Lulu's likeness in Celina. He was grateful to Celina for rescuing him from Sora Perse and immediately displayed protectiveness of her from the  Obelisk Force . Celina seems to be the only one in the Lancers who can successfully persuade Shay and keep him in check, discouraging his foolhardy plan to rescue Lulu by himself. Along with Zuzu, Shay informed Celina of Duel Academy's horrifying invasion in the Xyz Dimension and Celina, in turn, assuaged his worries for Lulu and Heartland. The two share similar personalities to the point that Celina is akin to a female version of Shay. In the dub, Shay has claimed that looking at Celina hurts due to her resemblance to Lulu.
 
 Lancers 
 Shay claimed to  Crow , during their Duel, that he didn't see any member of the  Lancers  as comrades (probably due to Dennis' betrayal). When they were separated during their arrival in the  Synchro Dimension , he assumed that they had become lost between dimensions and did not bother to search for them. His perception changes after his Duel with Crow, where he began to consider them as his comrades and repeatedly came to the Lancers' aid during their escape from the  Facility  and the underground. The Lancers finally earned Shay's complete trust after Yuya's Duel against Jack in the final match, as the Duel and its result made Shay understand that the Lancers, particularly Yuya, also wish to stop Duel Academy and end the war as much as he does. Since then, Shay truly values the Lancers as his allies, which is shown when he asks Kite to trust Yuya and the others like he does.
 
 Crow Hogan 
         Shay and Crow parted as friends after their Duel.     
 Shay initially saw  Crow  as nothing more than another enemy, but their experience with the orphans that Crow looked after and Crow's struggles as a  Commons  caused him to realize that they had a great deal in common. His demeanor towards Crow changed from that point on, and he genuinely enjoyed the rest of the Duel and smiled when he was defeated. Before parting ways, Shay accepted Crow as a comrade. Crow helped Shay remember what he was fighting for and regained some of the trust lost in the Lancers. Shay's growing friendship with Crow also made Shay open up more to the Lancers and eventually accepted them as his comrades as well.
 
 Dennis McField 
 Shay's relationship with  Dennis  is less than great even before Shay found out his true allegiance. Before their first Duel, Shay commented about Dennis' Xyz being fake and later became suspicious about him as he believed someone from  LID  shouldn't be able to Duel the way Dennis did. When Shay found out that Dennis was from Duel Academy and helped in Lulu's capture, his rage reached a zenith. Shay even injured him and tried to seal him in a card. Because of Dennis, Shay lost his trust in the Lancers for a while.
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Kite  is Shay's Resistance comrade. Before the invasion, he and Kite were rivals from different school branches and had friendly Duels several times. Shay respected Kite as a fellow Duelist and rival, and later values him as an important comrade after both joined the Resistance. While Kite also feels the same way, even referring to Shay by his first name in the Japanese version, the resulting invasion causes Kite to refuse trusting people from another dimension, even if it's Shay himself telling him that they are his trusted allies, which partly led to Kite distancing himself from Shay and the other Resistance members.
 
 Deck 
 Raidraptor 
         Shay and " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ".     
 Shay runs a  " Raidraptor " Deck , focusing on  Xyz Summoning  using  monsters  with the same name. Like  Yuto , his Deck also features cards that can  activate  in the  Graveyard . He has a considerable edge against multiple opponents due to the powerful  effects  of his  ace monster , which takes advantage of his opponent's  Special Summoned  monsters, reflecting his hatred against  Fusion Summoning .
 His Deck also features " Rank-Up-Magic " cards, allowing him to perform  Rank-Ups  to Summon enhanced versions of his Xyz Monsters that are geared to  destroy  and/or deal  damage  to the opponent through their effects. However since "Rise Falcon" and its upgraded forms suffer from very low  original ATK , Shay supports them with many  Spell  and  Trap Cards  (including  Action Cards ) to prolong their longevity as well as prevent his opponents from protecting themselves when Shay's monsters go on the offensive. His skill with these cards is said to be honed through real combat experience.
 Following  the Resistance 's belief that the enemy will likely capture their allies, he includes some cards that allow him to recover control of monsters the opponent steals, such as " Rank-Up-Magic Revolution Force " and " Rescue Xyz ".
 Shay's Deck also features a loop, focusing on Xyz Summoning multiple copies of " Raidraptor - Force Strix ", using its searching abilities alongside his " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " and " Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius " to quickly overpower his opponent with multiple monsters while maintaining  hand advantage .
 
 
 Raidraptor Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Little Fairy [Notes 1] 
 Raidraptor - Avenge Vulture  x2 
 Raidraptor - Booster Strix 
 Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius  x2 
 Raidraptor - King Lanius 
 Raidraptor - Last Strix 
 Raidraptor - Necro Vulture 
 Raidraptor - Pain Lanius 
 Raidraptor - Retrofit Lanius 
 Raidraptor - Rudder Strix  x3 
 Raidraptor - Singing Lanius  x3 
 Raidraptor - Skull Eagle  x2 
 Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius  x3 
 Raidraptor - Wild Vulture  x3 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle  x2 
 Raidraptor - Final Fortress Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Force Strix  x3 
 Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Stranger Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cross Xyz 
 Dimension Xyz 
 Overlay Burst Armor 
 Raidraptor - Call 
 Raidraptor - Iron Heart 
 Raidraptor - Nest 
 Raidraptor - Rapid Xyz 
 Raidraptor - Rig 
 Raidraptor - Sanctuary 
 Raidraptor - Symbol 
 Rank-Up-Magic Battle Up Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Devotion Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Escape Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Limitover Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force  x2 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Revolution Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Skip Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Soul Shave Force 
 Raptor's Intercept Formation 
 Raptor's Ultimate Mace 
 Unicorn Beacon [Notes 2] 
 Xyz Rescue 
 Traps 
 Adversity 
 Lightning Quick 
 Necro Raptor 
 Overlay Armor 
 Raidraptor - Chain Lock 
 Raidraptor - Evasive 
 Raidraptor - Reactor 
 Raidraptor - Readiness 
 Raidraptor - Return 
 Raidraptor - Reversal 
 Raidraptor - Risky Flight 
 Raidraptor - Silent Roar 
 Raidraptor - Target Flag 
 Raptor's Gust 
 Raptor's Storm 
 Ultimate Full Burst 
 Childhood 
 As a child, Shay played a different  Deck , with the only shown shown cards being " Alien Shocktrooper ", " Marauding Captain " and " Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior ".
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Lulu Obsidian 
 145 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Several  Duel Academy  students 
 75 
 Not shown (flashback; with  Yuto  and  several other Duelists )
 
 
 Marco 
 14 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Herc 
 18 
 Win
 
 
 Dipper O'rion ,  Julia Krystal  and  Kit Blade 
 24 
 Win
 
 
 Sora Perse 
 33 - 34 
 Win
 
 
 Chalac 
 41 
 Win
 
 
 Ashley ,  Bram  and  Carl 
 43 
 Win
 
 
 Sora Perse 
 45 - 47 
 Lose
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 48 - 49 
 Win (with  Celina ,  Gong Strong ,  Moon Shadow  and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 8 Unknown Duelists 
 58 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Hunter Pace 
 58 
 Win
 
 
 Dennis McField 
 58 - 59 
 No result
 
 
 3  Stomptroopers 
 63 
 Win (with  Gong Strong ,  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Dennis McField 
 74 - 75 
 Win
 
 
 Crow Hogan 
 81 - 82 
 Lose
 
 
 5  Underground Facility  guards 
 90 
 Win (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 96 
 Win (with  Chojiro Tokumatsu ,  Declan Akaba ,  Gong Strong ,  Riley Akaba  and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 105 
 Lose
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler 
 108 
 Win (with  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 109 
 Win (with  Kite Tenjo  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Lulu Obsidian 
 119 
 Win
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 137 
 Lose (with  Kite Tenjo )
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 145 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Shay has more " Rank-Up-Magic " cards in his Deck than any other Duelist in the franchise, with 10. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Character drafts published in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 101: " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   https://twitter.com/MattShipmanVO/status/578995356836474881 
 
 ↑   = https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maurizio_Merluzzo 
 
 ↑   "TV Tokyo Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Characters" . April 5, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_4.html . 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   10.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   11.2   11.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters" . TVTokyo.com .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_2.html . 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 124: " Paraside Seeing " 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  16.0   16.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 74: " A Traitor Unmasked " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   17.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 100: " A Warlike Welcome " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   18.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 18: " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 36: " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  20.0   20.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑  21.0   21.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 29: " Fusion Foes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 34: " Making the Cut: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 35: " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 37: " A Dark Reflection " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 40: " Stealth Warriors " 
 
 ↑  34.0   34.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 42: " Battle Fields " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 43: " Fire And Ice " 
 
 ↑  37.0   37.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 44: " Danger Zones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 51: " Kings vs. Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  45.0   45.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 61: " Hero's Fall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 77: " A Cons Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 82: " Warriors of the Air " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is received from  Kite Tenjo  in  episode 119 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 24 , but is  destroyed  via the  effect  of  Kit 's " XX-Saber Hyunlei ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Shay Obsidian (Shun Kurosaki)  pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/Shay_Obsidian.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150304155156', None, None, 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Shay_in_a_Turbo_Duelist_Outfit.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150531195506', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Lulu%2C_Yuto%2C_and_Shay_in_the_past..png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160410224721', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Shay_Flashback_Invasion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150920232705', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/ShayDuelDiskScan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160106161224', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4d/ArcV_018.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150410105709', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/Shay_gets_punched.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150209040052', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/ArcV_024.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140921190201', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Declan_watching_Shay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150209013452', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/I_Hate_This_Place.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150209032719', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/Shay_Loses_to_Sora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150327220709', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Shay_Pendulum_Summon_with_Sawatari_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150405061251', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Shay_vs_Hunter_Pace.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150601153741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Shay_and_Dennis.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150601170150', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Gong%2C_Shay%2C_Dennis_arrested.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150613074451', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Shay_saves_Tanner.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151205133659', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Shay_Flys_In_With_Raidraptors.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160304064825', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/LancersLookOverHeartland.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160418131810', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/ShayArrivesWithComrades.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160526102012', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/ArcV_105.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160516110822', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/Sayaka%2C_Shay%2C_and_Kaito.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927123930', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Shay_Place_in_a_Recover_Pod.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160704000911', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Lulu_Awakes_To_Shay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928134905', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Shay_and_Kite_defeated_by_Z-ARC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170116032850', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/ArcV_145.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170306064354', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Shun_%28Manga%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/164?cb=20151121170711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Shay-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/176?cb=20150630142948', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Lulu_with_Yuto_and_Shay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160508221441', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Crow_and_Shay_1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160711235644', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Shay_and_Revolution_Falcon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151115135356']
Categories: Characters, Shay Obsidian pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters