Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ener-D

Ener-D , spelled as  Enerdy  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia , known as  Moment  in the Japanese version (and sometimes romanized as  Momentum ), and short for "duel energy", is a form of energy in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . It is the ultimate energy generation system that keeps spinning in one direction to create an endless power supply. Ener-D is the source of power in  New Domino City  that keeps the city running while making the technology for  Duel Runners ,  Turbo Duels , and Solid Vision possible. 
 In the dub, its name comes from the word "energy", but replacing the letters  GY  with a  -D , which stands for dueling. The change may have been due to the fact that in English, the term momentum refers to the product of a body's mass times its velocity.
 
 Ener-D System 
         Actual Ener-D system     
 Kaiba Corporation's  R.R.D.  was in charge of this technology; the lead developers who had begun the research were  Yusei Fudo 's parents, following  Dr. Fudo 's discovery of the  Planetary Particles  which were essential to making Ener-D possible.
 Roman described the Ener-D as a near-limitless source of energy that does not produce any contamination.
 The Ener-D Reactor is implied to be a Perpetual Motion Machine, and runs at full capacity in order to meet the power requirements of  New Domino City . Everything in the city is powered by the Ener-D; if the Ener-D shuts down the entire city suffers a blackout.  Its limit is in its ability to channel excess energy it produces.  The appearance of the  Crimson Dragon  during the duels between Yusei Fudo and  Jack Atlas  caused the system to exceed its limits.
 During their first match when the Crimson Dragon appeared, it overpowered the system by dramatically overflowing the energy generation to it. As it was incapable of handling so much power, the system completely shut down, leaving the city in a total blackout. The overflow problem occurred once again during the  Fortune Cup , though according to  Zigzix  it was running at full operation. Apparently some modifications had to have been made to the system, since the 2nd appearance of the Crimson Dragon only caused the temperature and pressure within the Ener-D Reactor to reach critical point rather than cause the system to blackout as it had before.
 According to  Bruno , the Ener-D is self-aware and can read the emotions of humans, and should a human reach the  Clear Mind  state, they can control that Ener-D.
 It is later revealed that Synchro Summoning causes the Ener-D to spin faster, speeding up the evolution of humanity in the process. However, if it spins too quickly, it will shift into reverse, creating an explosion like  Zero Reverse  at a massive scale.
 In the apocalyptic future  Z-one ,  Antinomy ,  Aporia , and  Paradox  came from, humanity had abused the power of Ener-D to control evolution and filled it with greedy desires and emotions to the point that the Ener-D went insane and created an army of  Meklord Emperors  to kill all of humanity, and later exploded completely; these two events completely destroyed the world and humanity itself. The only survivors attempted to stop this apocalyptic future by going back to the past and erasing Ener-D from existence.
 In  episode 149 , it is revealed that the  Meklord Emperor Genocide  could be stopped by removing the negative emotions that caused the Ener-D to go out of control and build the Meklord Emperors in the first place, but unfortunately Z-one discovered this too late and could not stop the Ener-D before it exploded.
 Thanks to Z-one's intervention, the present day New Domino City became aware of the situation, and Yusei created a program known as  Fortune , which keeps the Ener-D under control, thus preventing the Meklord Emperor Genocide from occurring.
 
 Ener-D Reactor 
         Ener-D reactor     
 After the Fortune Cup, the existence of the Original Ener-D Reactor was revealed within  Satellite 's inner grounds.  However, according to  Rex Goodwin , as it was the first system, it was totally insecure and imperfect when it was activated seventeen years before by  R.R.D. .  Consequently, the system's activation resulted in the major catastrophic event known as the " Zero Reverse  Effect".  This was the reason behind the destruction and splitting of  Domino City  into New Domino City and Satellite. The system was abandoned in Satellite, until it was "found" by the  Dark Signers . According to Goodwin, the Original Ener-D Reactor was being used as a door to the Underworld.
 
         Ener-D reactor tower     
 The system possessed four safety switches located in the  B.A.D.  area. These were a fail-safe placed long ago after the system was shut down completely. Each of the control units are code-named with the name of one of the  Earthbound Immortals  and is guarded by the Dark Signer who possess the corresponding Earthbound Immortal card. The main system itself is represented by the Spider mark and is guarded by the leader of the Dark Signers,  Roman . 
 Before Roman and Yusei's second duel took place, the Dark Signers blew up the Original Ener-D Reactor. As the negative energy was released the two of them, standing above it, commence their rematch. Yusei won the duel but Roman blew up the bridge and Yusei fell into the reactor.
 Only three of the four control units were activated, because  Akiza Izinski 's Duel with  Misty Tredwell  prevented her from activating the last tower in time. 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Actual_Momentum.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20081212025322', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Old_Mometum.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20081212025508', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/Old_Enerdy_Tower.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090508021941']
Categories: Items, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's