Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Edea_the_Heavenly_Squire


 
 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire 天 帝 従 騎 イデア 
 
 English 
Edea the Heavenly Squire 
 French 
 Idea, l'Écuyer Céleste Check translation 
 German 
 Edea der Himmelsknappe Check translation 
 Italian 
 Edea Scudiero Celeste Check translation 
 Korean 
 천 제왕종기 이데아 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Edea, o Escudeiro Celestial Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Edea, el Escudero Celestial Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 てんていじゅうきイデア Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 天帝従騎イデア Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Tentei Jūki Idea 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 LIGHT   
 Types 
 Warrior  /  Effect 
 Level 
 1   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 800  /  1000 
 Passcode 
 95457011 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Trigger 
 Trigger 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
If this card is  Normal  or  Special Summoned : You can Special Summon 1  monster  with 800  ATK /1000  DEF  from your  Deck  in  Defense Position , except "Edea the Heavenly Squire", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the  Extra Deck  for the rest of this  turn . If this card is  sent  to the  GY : You can  target  1 of your  banished  " Monarch "  Spells / Traps ;  add  it to your  hand . You can only use each  effect  of "Edea the Heavenly Squire"  once per turn . 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Si cette carte est Invoquée Normalement ou Spécialement : vous pouvez Invoquer Spécialement 1 monstre avec 800 ATK/1000 DEF ("Idea, l'Écuyer Céleste" exclu) depuis votre Deck en Position de Défense, et aussi, vous ne pouvez pas Invoquer Spécialement de monstres depuis l'Extra Deck le reste de ce tour. Si cette carte est envoyée au Cimetière : vous pouvez cibler 1 de vos Magies/Pièges "Monarque" bannis ; ajoutez-le à votre main. Vous ne pouvez utiliser chaque effet de "Idea, l'Écuyer Céleste" qu'une fois par tour. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Falls diese Karte als Normal- oder Spezialbeschwörung beschworen wird: Du kannst 1 Monster mit 800 ATK/1000 DEF als Spezialbeschwörung von deinem Deck in die Verteidigungsposition beschwören, außer „Edea der Himmelsknappe“, zusätzlich kannst du für den Rest dieses Spielzugs keine Monster als Spezialbeschwörung vom Extra Deck beschwören. Falls diese Karte auf den Friedhof gelegt wird: Du kannst 1 deiner verbannten „Monarch“-Zauber/Fallen wählen; füge ihn oder sie deiner Hand hinzu. Du kannst jeden Effekt von „Edea der Himmelsknappe“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Se questa carta viene Evocata Normalmente o Specialmente: puoi Evocare Specialmente 1 mostro con 800 ATK/1000 DEF dal tuo Deck in Posizione di Difesa, eccetto "Edea Scudiero Celeste", inoltre non puoi Evocare Specialmente mostri dall'Extra Deck per il resto di questo turno. Se questa carta viene mandata al Cimitero: puoi scegliere come bersaglio 1 delle tue Magie/Trappole "Monarca/Monarchi" bandite; aggiungila alla tua mano. Puoi utilizzare ogni effetto di "Edea Scudiero Celeste" una sola volta per turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Se este card for Invocado por Invocação-Normal ou Especial: você pode Invocar por Invocação-Especial 1 monstro com 800 de ATK/1000 de DEF do seu Deck em Posição de Defesa, exceto "Edea, o Escudeiro Celestial" e, além disso, você não pode Invocar monstros do Deck Adicional por Invocação-Especial pelo resto deste turno. Se este card for enviado para o Cemitério: você pode escolher 1 das suas Magias/Armadilhas "Monarca" banidas; adicione-a à sua mão. Você só pode usar cada efeito de "Edea, o Escudeiro Celestial" uma vez por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Si esta carta es Invocada de Modo Normal o Especial: puedes Invocar de Modo Especial, desde tu Deck, 1 monstruo con 800 ATK/1000 DEF en Posición de Defensa, excepto "Edea, el Escudero Celestial" y además, por el resto de este turno, no puedes Invocar monstruos de Modo Especial desde el Deck Extra. Si esta carta es mandada al Cementerio: puedes seleccionar 1 de tus Mágicas/Trampas "Monarca" desterradas; añádela a tu mano. Sólo puedes usar cada efecto de "Edea, el Escudero Celestial" una vez por turno. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「天帝従騎イデア」の①②の効果はそれぞれ１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：このカードが召喚・特殊召喚に成功した場合に発動できる。デッキから「天帝従騎イデア」以外の攻撃力８００／守備力１０００のモンスター１体を守備表示で特殊召喚する。このターン、自分はエクストラデッキからモンスターを特殊召喚できない。②：このカードが墓地へ送られた場合、除外されている自分の「帝王」魔法・罠カード１枚を対象として発動できる。そのカードを手札に加える。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "천 제왕종기 이데아"의 ①②의 효과는 각각 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ①: 이 카드가 일반 소환 / 특수 소환에 성공했을 경우에 발동할 수 있다. 덱에서 "천 제왕종기 이데아" 이외의 공격력 800 / 수비력 1000 인 몬스터 1장을 수비 표시로 특수 소환한다. 이 턴에, 자신은 엑스트라 덱에서 몬스터를 특수 소환할 수 없다. ②: 이 카드가 묘지로 보내졌을 경우, 제외되어 있는 자신의 "제왕" 마법 / 함정 카드 1장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 카드를 패에 넣는다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2016-01-28 SR01-EN003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-EN078 Brothers of Legend Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2016-01-28 SR01-FR003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Empereur des Ombres Deck de Structure Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-FR078 Brothers of Legend Frères de Légende Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2016-01-28 SR01-DE003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-DE078 Brothers of Legend Brothers of Legend Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2016-01-28 SR01-IT003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Imperatore dell'Oscurità Structure Deck Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-IT078 Brothers of Legend Fratelli della Leggenda Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2016-01-29 SR01-PT003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Imperador das Trevas Deck Estrutural Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-PT078 Brothers of Legend Irmãos das Lendas Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2016-01-28 SR01-SP003 Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck Emperador de la Oscuridad Baraja de Estructura Super Rare 2021-12-02 BROL-SP078 Brothers of Legend Hermanos de Leyenda Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2015-09-19 SR01-JP003 Structure Deck R: Advent of the True Monarch ＳＴＲＵＣＴＵＲＥ ＤＥＣＫ Ｒ －真帝王降臨－ Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2016-04-05 SR01-KR003 Structure Deck R: Advent of the True Monarch STRUCTURE   DECK  R － 진제왕강림 － Super Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Monarch 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Monarch  
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Vassal 
 
 Actions  
 Activates upon Normal Summon 
 Activates upon Special Summon 
 Activates from your Graveyard 
 Returns the player's banished cards to the hand 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Special Summons from your Deck 
 Prevents the player's Special Summons from the Extra Deck 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 Female 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 12093 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Monarch " 「 帝 」 Members 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch Caius the Mega Monarch Caius the Shadow Monarch Delg the Dark Monarch Edea the Heavenly Squire Ehther the Heavenly Monarch Eidos the Underworld Squire Erebus the Underworld Monarch Granmarg the Mega Monarch Granmarg the Rock Monarch Kuraz the Light Monarch Mobius the Frost Monarch Mobius the Mega Monarch Raiza the Mega Monarch Raiza the Storm Monarch Tenmataitei Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch Thestalos the Mega Monarch Zaborg the Mega Monarch Zaborg the Thunder Monarch 
 Related 
 Berlineth the Firestorm Vassal Emperor of Lightning Escher the Frost Vassal Garum the Storm Vassal Ice Knight Illusory Snatcher Landrobe the Rock Vassal Lucius the Shadow Vassal Majesty's Fiend Mithra the Thunder Vassal Psychic Emperor Samsara Kaiser Tlakalel, His Malevolent Majesty 
 By Order of the Emperor Dark Advance Domain of the True Monarchs Escalation of the Monarchs The First Monarch Frost Blast of the Monarchs March of the Monarchs The Monarchs Awaken The Monarchs Erupt The Monarchs Stormforth Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Restoration of the Monarchs Return of the Monarchs Strike of the Monarchs Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 
   
" Monarch " 「 帝 王 」 Members 
 Emperor of the Land and Sea 
 Domain of the True Monarchs Escalation of the Monarchs The First Monarch Frost Blast of the Monarchs March of the Monarchs The Monarchs Awaken The Monarchs Erupt The Monarchs Stormforth Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Restoration of the Monarchs Return of the Monarchs Strike of the Monarchs Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 Support 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire Ehther the Heavenly Monarch Erebus the Underworld Monarch 
 Frost Blast of the Monarchs Pantheism of the Monarchs The Prime Monarch Tenacity of the Monarchs 
 
   
 Vassal   帝 家 臣 Members 
 Berlineth the Firestorm Vassal Escher the Frost Vassal Garum the Storm Vassal Landrobe the Rock Vassal Lucius the Shadow Vassal Mithra the Thunder Vassal 
 Related 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire Eidos the Underworld Squire 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/EdeatheHeavenlySquire-BROL-EN-UR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20220111225433', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/LIGHT.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918053832', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards