Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_179


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 さよなら十代！涙の卒業式 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony 
 
 
 Number 
 179 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 19, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " 
 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 
 
 "Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony"  is the one hundred and seventy-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 19, 2008.
 Jaden  attends his graduation ceremony and ends up traveling back in time, where he  Duels   Yugi Muto  when he was at his strongest - just after winning the Battle City tournament and acquiring the  Egyptian God cards .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  present 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!  present 
 
 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Yugi Muto 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Errors 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  present 
 After  Jaden  defeats  Nightshroud , what is seemingly the entirety of  Duel Academy  runs forward to thank and congratulate him. Shortly thereafter, the school gathers for the Graduation Ceremony and results of the Graduation Duels.  Dr. Crowler  attempts to announce the results, but begins weeping, as he does not want the third-year students to leave. Ultimately, he has to be physically forced from the room by  Ms. Dorothy ,  Nurse Fontaine  and  Professor Sartyr , as he beings hysterically saying he is against the ceremony taking place.  Chancellor Sheppard  steps forward to read the results instead and announces that it's a three-way tie between  Alexis ,  Chazz  and  Syrus . This presents a problem however, as they only have 1 replica of  Yugi Muto 's Deck to award. In the end, all three opt not to take the Deck, stating that they will continue with the Decks they currently have.
 They move on to the Graduation ceremony, and Sheppard calls the second-year representative,  Hassleberry  forward to give a farewell speech. He too, begins weeping, and has to be escorted out just as Crowler was. Alexis has been chosen to be the representative  for the third-years, so Sheppard calls her forward to give her own speech. As she speaks, a montage of flashbacks is shown, with events from all four seasons being played. Alexis states that time moves too fast, and it seems like they only first arrived at the Academy recently.  She states no one will ever forget the friends they've made at the Academy, no matter how far away they may become. The ceremony begins, and the students receive their diplomas, before heading to the graduation party at the  Obelisk Blue  dorm.  Axel  and  Jesse  are still present, and they state they'll be leaving to go to their own graduation ceremonies on different days.  Yusuke  arrives, and apologizes for all the trouble he caused.  Atticus  tells him he's wrong, Duel Academy will accept the growth and mistakes of any student.
 Jaden does not attend the party, and instead begins packing his things up in  Slifer Red  dorm. The spirit of  Professor Banner  questions why, and Jaden states his work here is done. He states that he intends to begin traveling, and aid anyone he can with his power to connect humans to Duel Spirits. At the same time, during the party, Alexis, Jesse and Axel have a conversation outside of Obelisk Blue dorm, confident that they will see Jaden again. As Jaden leaves,  Winged Kuriboh  flies off, and he follows him. He's lead to the room where Yugi's replica deck is stored. Waiting for him there is Yugi himself, who tells him it's time to begin the true graduation Duel. He says he is going to test Jaden to see if he has become a Duelist worthy of holding  the card  that Yugi gave him three years earlier. He states that Jaden has grown into a reliable adult, but that there is something that Jaden has lost, but not yet realized it, and that thing is extremely important. He instructs Jaden to hold " Winged Kuriboh " up to the display case, and that it will lead him to the  person  who can help him recover what he has lost,  somebody  that Yugi considers even stronger than himself.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  present 
       Flyer showing Yugi and his friends, after  Battle City V2 . From left to right:  Téa ,  Yugi ,  Joey  and  Tristan . At low left corner:  Kaiba .     
 He does so, and is engulfed in light. He suddenly finds him himself in front of  Solomon Muto 's  game shop  and finds a flyer on the ground. It appears he's been transported back in time to just after a second version of Battle City tournament ended, as the flyer announces Yugi as the winner. Yugi rushes from the shop, telling his Grandpa that he's off to school, and bumps into Jaden in much the same way that Jaden did to him  when they first met . Yugi does not appear to remember Jaden, and states he doesn't remember giving him "Winged Kuriboh", but comments it does resemble his own " Kuriboh " as he compares the cards. He states that the spirit of "Kuriboh" contacted him in a dream the previous night, and told him that he would soon meet someone whom he must Duel. They find a spot to Duel, and Yugi comments that there doesn't appear to be anyone else around, and Jaden notices the clock has stopped. As they shuffle each other's Decks, Yugi states that he senses  something  in Jaden, and believes that they are similar to one another. As they move to their Dueling positions, Yubel comments that she's impressed that Yugi could sense her, and also says that his Deck will be a problem, with Jaden replying that he could sense powerful energy coming from it and that it must be the  Egyptian Gods .
 Jaden Summons " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " on his first turn, and Yugi comments he's not seen " Elemental Heros " before. Yugi Summons " Mystical Elf " and  Tributes  it using " Magical Dimension " to destroy "Flame Wingman" and  Special Summon  " Dark Magician ". Jaden uses " A Hero Emerges " to Summon " Elemental Hero Neos ". Jaden states that "Neos" is his ace card, just as "Dark Magician" is for Yugi. He claims that the Duel has yet to really begin.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Yugi Muto 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
 Jaden 's  hand  contains " Negate Attack ", " Neos Force ", " Elemental Hero Avian ", " Elemental Hero Neos " and " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix ". Jaden  draws  " Polymerization " and subsequently  activates  it to fuse "Avian" with "Burstinatrix" in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yugi 
 Yugi 's hand contains " Mystical Elf ", " Magical Dimension ", " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian ", " Mirror Force " and " Shift ". Yugi draws " Dark Magician ". He then  Normal Summons  "Mystical Elf" (800/2000) in  Defense Position . Yugi then activates "Magical Dimension" to  Tribute  "Mystical Elf" and  Special Summon  "Dark Magician" (2500/2100) in  Attack Position . Yugi then activates the second effect of "Magical Dimension" to  destroy  "Flame Wingman". "Dark Magician"  attacks   directly , but Jaden activates his face-down "Negate Attack" to  negate  the attack and end the  Battle Phase . Yugi sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1200) in Defense Position. Since Jaden summoned "Bubbleman" while he had no other cards on his side of the field, its second  effect  activates, letting Jaden draw two cards. [Notes 1]  Jaden then sets three cards.
 Turn 4: Yugi 
Yugi draws " Thousand Knives ". He then Normal Summons "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian" (1400/1200) in Attack Position. Yugi then activates "Thousand Knives" to destroy "Elemental Hero Bubbleman". "Dark Magician" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges " to make Yugi select one card in his hand. If it's a monster, Jaden may Special Summon it. As Jaden has only one card in his hand, he Special Summons "Elemental Hero Neos" (2500/2000) in Attack Position. A  replay  occurs, and Yugi chooses not to attack.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.
 
 
 Yugi's replica Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Beast of Gilfer 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kuriboh 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Magician of Black Chaos Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Lightforce Sword 
 Polymerization 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Thousand Knives 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Mirror Force 
 Mystical Refpanel 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh [Notes 2] [Notes 3] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Neos Force 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Negate Attack 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Mystical Elf 
 Effect Monsters 
 Kuriboh [Notes 3] [Notes 4] 
 Obelisk the Tormentor [Notes 5] 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon [Notes 5] 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra [Notes 5] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Dimension 
 Thousand Knives 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Shift 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force XII - The Hangman 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Etoile Cyber 
 Gate Guardian 
 Wroughtweiler Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Arena 
 Shield Crush 
 Traps 
 Hero Spirit 
 Errors 
 In the scene where Jaden packs things up, he seems to wear a leather jacket, before switching back to his Slifer Red uniform. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the  effect  of " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " effect can only be  activated  when it is the only card in your  hand  and on your side of the  field  when he is Summoned. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen held by Jaden before he travels to past. 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   This card can be seen after Yugi bumps into Jaden. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on the bottom of his Deck before Jaden  shuffles  it. 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   This card can be seen on the flyer which features Yugi, who is holding all three  Egyptian God  cards, as the winner of  Battle City V2 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/GX_179.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131129030410', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/FlyerGX179.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110208182239']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes