Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:MistyLola.png

For the other versions of this character, see  Misty Tredwell (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Misty Tredwell 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Misty Tredwell 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Misty Lola 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ミスティ・ローラ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Toby Tredwell  (younger brother; deceased in Japanese version only) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Fashion model 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Dark Signers 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Reptilianne 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 029: " Good Cop, Bad Cop " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Carrie Keranen 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Junko Minagawa 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Emanuela Pacotto 
 
 
 
 Misty Tredwell , known as  Misty Lola  in the Japanese version, was a character from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . She is a fashion model, who could read someone based on their facial appearance. She was a member of the  Dark Signers  with the Lizard  dark mark , but was returned to life following Goodwin's defeat.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Dark Signers 
 2.3   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.4   Ark Cradle 
 
 
 3   Non-canon appearances 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer 
 3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 3.2.1   Normal Misty's Story 
 3.2.2   Dark Signer Misty's Story 
 3.2.3   Other Appearances (Normal Misty) 
 3.2.4   Other Appearances (Dark Signer Misty) 
 
 
 3.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Linework     
 Misty is a tall woman of elegance. She has light-blue eyes as a mortal and as a Dark Signer. She has a gem tied to her forehead and has long black hair with her bangs parted. Her outfit consists of two necklaces, an elegant dress of green, white and yellow and strap-on high heels. On formal occasions, she wears an elegant red dress which was made by one of her designers.
 
       Linework as a  Dark Signer .     
 As a  Dark Signer , she wears the black robe of the Dark Signers, accented with green stripes, to match her corresponding  Earthbound Immortal , strap-on high heels, and a black and white dress. On her face are marks that resemble inverted wings.
 In the dub, her cleavage was edited to make her less suggestive and her clothes less revealing.
 
 Personality 
 Before the death of her younger brother, Misty had a kind and caring personality and showed she really cared deeply for her late younger brother Toby. [1] 
 Upon her revival as a Dark Signer, Misty still had overall kindness, but showed an immense amount of hatred toward Akiza for believing her to have killed her brother. [2]  After learning the truth from  Sayer , those feelings toward Akiza disappeared, though the possession from her Earthbound Immortal made her more psychotic in nature, not caring about avenging her little brother, but rather the destruction of her Signer counterpart. [3] 
 
 Abilities 
 Misty was shown to be gifted with the ability of  physiognomy , which she could predict one's future by simply by reading their face, as shown when she did so with  Carly  and it came true. [4] [5]  She was also able to show the events of the past through her Sad story cards. When Misty was taken over by her Earthbound Immortal and activated a Trap to send the effect damage back at Akiza, she appeared in the attack, and pleaded to Akiza to protect the world as a Signer. [6] [7] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 On her birthday, Misty received a red-and-gold circular locket from her brother  Toby  with a picture of both of them inside.
 Having learned of  Akiza Izinski's   psychic  powers just like his, Toby told Misty how he would like to visit the  Arcadia Movement . She was then uncertain as he talked to her about wanting to benefit others with his powers (In the dub, having heard bad things about that organization, Misty initially disapproved, which caused an argument).
 Unfortunately, Toby was killed during one of  Sayer 's tests. His body was later found at the  Daimon Area , and caused Misty to believe he had been killed by the  Black Rose  (In the dub, Toby was sent to an unknown facility when he failed to meet Sayer's standards. Also, Misty believed that Akiza was the reason why her brother went missing and disappeared). Upon seeing her brother's body, Misty became so shocked from that incident she lost focus while driving her car and drove it into the ocean. (The English version cut out the latter scene. Here, her car seems to have crashed most likely while it was still on the ground due to her shock). 
 She was taken to the hospital, where she lingered in a catatonic state. As she was about to die (The English version does not say this, instead it stated that she was unconscious in addition to being in a catatonic state) the  Earthbound Immortal   Ccarayhua  appeared to her to save her from death (in the dub Ccarayhua offered to help her get revenge on the person who caused her brother's disappearance). This was the beginning of her transformation into a  Dark Signer . At the time, Misty did not understand what had happened, but the creature that saved her instructed her to kill the servant of the  Crimson Dragon , the  Black Rose Dragon .
 Misty sought revenge against the  Arcadia Movement  for Toby's death. Although a police investigation was carried out on the Arcadia Movement, it only consisted of a mere police interview. Misty believed little was done because the Arcadia Movement had information that  Sector Security  wanted to be kept private and from the public.
 At some point after her death and rebirth as a Dark Signer, she met  Roman  and  the   other  Dark Signers, and joined them. She returned to New Domino under the guise of a regular person.
 
 Dark Signers 
 Misty was a world famous model who lived in New Domino City. She attended the  Atlas Rising  premiere, where she was seen walking through the celebrity red carpet. Misty spotted and took interest in  Carly Carmine 's face. She even talked to her when she was rushing down to the hospital to question  Jack Atlas . Her mysterious words only served to creep Carly out, as she predicted the shadow of death upon her in the near future, but when it happened, they would have a deeper understanding of each other.
 Carly arrived at the hotel where Misty was residing. Misty encountered her and invited her in. Carly found out about Misty while researching the  Arcadia Movement  that her younger brother had been killed by the same organization (In the dub, Toby had disappeared). Misty confirmed this and vowed that she would definitely make the Black Rose,  Akiza Izinski , pay for what she did to her younger brother, similar to how  Alister  did the same thing to  Seto Kaiba .     
 Misty's prediction of Carly's death came true, but Carly was spared, as she transformed into a  Dark Signer . The ground then shook violently as the transformation took effect, and alerted Misty, who then proceeded to the Arcadia Movement building to face Akiza.
 While Akiza was searching for Sayer, she was confronted by Misty. Misty was honored that Akiza knew who she was and told her that she too was familiar with her, the Black Rose. Although Misty told her that she was seeking revenge, Akiza didn't know what she meant. Misty believed her to be in denial. After Akiza asked "Who are you?", Misty identified herself as a Dark Signer and said they were destined to fight.
 
       Misty, transformed into a Dark Signer and about to duel Akiza.     
 Misty transformed into her Dark Signer regalia and began the  Shadow Duel , and caused the Lizard  geoglyph  to form around the building. Akiza Summoned " Black Rose Dragon ", and proved to Misty that she was a  Signer . Shortly after Misty said that she was avenging her brother, who was killed by Akiza, Misty Summoned " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ", and sacrificed hundreds of residents inside the geoglyph to do so. The Duel was canceled as the building began to fall apart and Sayer was thrown down the center of the building, due to his and Carly's Shadow Duel in his office on the top floor.
 Misty found Carly crying as she prepared to leave the building. Misty told her that she had been chosen by the  Earthbound Immortal , and said that her  death  and subsequent revival as a Dark Signer had already occurred, which proceeded to upset Carly even more to which she said that all of this was hard to take in all at once.  Devack  then arrived by helicopter to pick up the two Dark Signers.
 After  Roman 's Shadow Duel against  Yusei  concluded, Misty arrived along with the rest of her comrades, as the final battle between them and the  Signers  was about to unfold.
 Misty waited for Akiza at the Original  Enerdy  Reactor's Lizard control unit, which was located in an abandoned theme park. She was the last Dark Signer standing, when Akiza arrived. She guided Akiza into a hall of mirrors, where their Duel took place.
 During the Duel, Misty's geoglyph did not appear, and Akiza's  birthmark  didn't react. Misty faced Akiza through the mirrors in the hall. Throughout the Duel, she explained what she believed to be the story of  Toby's  death, and subsequently her death as a resurrection, and used her "Sad Story" cards to symbolize the events.  
 Akiza became tormented with the guilt and lost the will to continue the Duel. However,  Sayer  appeared and saved Akiza from landing into a shard of shattered glass. He manipulated Akiza's mind and reawaked her Black Rose persona. Misty continued to inflict more damage to Akiza, who didn't even flinch. The Black Rose Summoned " Black Rose Dragon ", and shattered every mirror in the vicinity. With the mirrors gone, Misty confronted her opponent face-to-face.
 
         Misty vanishes, finally at peace with Akiza.     
 Misty continued the Duel against the Black Rose and Summoned "Ccarayhua". Yusei arrived and managed to trick Sayer into confessing that he was the one who was responsible for Toby's death. After Sayer told her that Toby was weak and useless, Misty's heart was filled with anger, to where she had Ccarayhua grab Sayer with its tongue and devour him (in the dub, Sayer was absorbed by Ccarayhua after it snatched him with its tongue). With Sayer dead for good, Misty stated that she had finally avenged her little brother (this also marked the only time that a Dark Signer had succeeded in their goal).
 Misty apologized to Akiza and tried to surrender the Duel. However Ccarayhua disallowed it and took control of her. Possessed, Misty proceeded to Duel Akiza, who defended herself. Misty's spirit encouraged Akiza to end the Duel and to protect the world as a  Signer . Akiza proceeded to win the Duel, and caused Misty to vanish. As she disappeared, Misty left her locket, which contained a picture of herself and Toby, and her final words were "Now, Akiza... protect this world, as a Signer! Please... remember us" (In the dub, Misty told Akiza to tell Toby that his Elder sister loved him if she ever found him).
 
         Misty upon returning to life     
 When  Goodwin  was defeated in the final battle, and the  King of the Netherworld  was destroyed, Misty was restored to life, along with the other Dark Signers except for  Roman  and Goodwin himself as they were the only Dark Signers who had willingly transformed into Dark Signers rather than becoming easy prey for the Earthbound Immortals to prey on to entice into wanting to get revenge on the Signers.
 
         Misty returning to her previous career.     
 After returning to life, Misty returned to her career as a fashion model and sent a photo postcard from Paris to Akiza, which pleased Akiza as their bitter rivalry had ended and that they had become great friends in the process.
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Misty's success in the fashion world was evident throughout the series as many billboards and posters of her could be seen throughout  New Domino City  such as in the New Domino City Mall when Yusei Fudo and his friends were chasing Lazar in order to obtain information about  Iliaster .
 
 Ark Cradle 
 During Yusei Fudo's Duel with  Z-one  when he is about to perform a  Limit Over Accel Synchro  in space, she could be seen in the image groups of people that were cheering Yusei on.
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer 
 Misty could be found on the Seventh floor of Bifrost if you had a  " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua " card. Beating her would unlock her  Deck Recipe  at the card shop. 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 Normal Misty's Story 
         Normal Misty's photo in Tag Force 4: "Support".     At the start of the story, Misty arrived at the  Player's  house and asked him to be her new manager to which he agreed.
 In the first event of the story, The Player and Misty attended the screening of "Atlas Rising" at the  Party Hall . They noticed Carly being kicked out by  Tetsu Trudge  but Misty intervened and told them their respective futures. She offered to Duel them and partnered with the Player.
 In the second event, the Player and Misty went shopping. Leo and Luna soon encountered them with Luna being giddy around Misty. She offered a Tag Duel against the twins with the Player as her partner.
 In the third event, The Player and Misty head to the  Stadium  to shoot a Dueling demo video with Jack Atlas. However the director told her the girl who was supposed to be Misty's partner came down with a fever and couldn't make it so Misty suggested that she partnered with the Player and that Jack partnered with  Taku .
 In the final event, Misty asked the Player to accompany her. At the  Highway underpass , Misty reminded him of their first Duel at the screening of Atlas Rising. To see for herself, she challenged the Player to a Duel.
 In the end, Misty explained to the Player that he was similar to  her brother  and how they used to be so close. After she told him the whole story, she asked the Player to always be by her side, so she could feel like her brother was not gone.
 Upon completing the story, the Player received three copies of  Evil Dragon Ananta  and the photo "Misty Tredwell - Support".
 
 Dark Signer Misty's Story 
         Dark Signer Misty in Tag Force 4: "Help".     
 To unlock Dark Signer Misty's story, bring Misty to see  Lenny  at the  Shoreline  and select "Look at partner in a new light". DS Misty only appeared at night. (You must clear  Akiza Izinski 's story in order to unlock this story.)
 In the first event, the Player and Dark Signer Misty sneak into Sector Security. After getting the information they need, they were caught by Trudge and  Georg  and they challenged them to a Tag Duel.
 In the second event, the Player and Dark Signer Misty asked Mina about Rex Goodwin. When she refused to answer, Jack stepped in and challenged them to a Tag Duel with Mina as his partner.
 In the third event, Dark Signer Misty confronted the Player about her vengeance. Suddenly, they were encountered by Dark Signer  Kalin Kessler  and his offering  Kaia  and were being forced to Tag Duel against them.
 In the final event, DS Misty informed the player that the time for her revenge had come. They head off to the Arcadia Movement to confront Akiza. After she found her, DS Misty told her she was now a Dark Signer that was destined to fight her. Suddenly, Leo stepped in and demanded to know where Luna was, so DS Misty challenged them both to a Tag Duel.
 In the end Akiza and Leo both died and DS Misty was happy that she had fulfilled her revenge, however, it came at a price. With nothing left to live for, she became pure evil and vowed to eliminate the other Signers with the Player at her side.
 Upon completing the story, the Player received three copies of Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua and her Dark Signer photo "Misty Tredwell - Help".
 
 Other Appearances (Normal Misty) 
 In the first event of  Tetsu Trudge 's story, Misty and  Maki  Dueled against the Player and Trudge.
 In the third event of normal  Mina Simington 's story, Misty and  Olivia  Dueled against Mina and the Player.
 In the second event of any secondary character's story, Misty Dueled against the Player and his partner in the quarterfinals alongside Leo.
 
 Other Appearances (Dark Signer Misty) 
 In the third event of  Jack Atlas ' story, Dark Signer Misty and Dark Signer Carly Dueled against the Player and Jack.
 In the first event of Akiza's story, Dark Signer Misty and Dark Signer Carly Dueled against the Player and Akiza.
 In the final event of Akiza's story, Dark Signer Misty and Dark Signer Carly had a rematch against the Player and Akiza.
 In the second event of  Shadow Drone  Trudge's story, in an odd twist of fate, DS Misty and Akiza Dueled against the Player and SD Trudge.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
         Misty in  Reverse of Arcadia .     
 During the war between the Signers and the Dark Signers, Misty appeared before Akiza during the Signer's visit to  Satellite  to inform her that unless she was defeated by sunset, the  King of the Netherworld  would surface. After the player defeated  Carly Carmine , they allowed Jack to continue the Duel and carry onto the next area to see Sayer watch Misty's Duel with Akiza. After they defeated Sayer, they revealed to  Mina Simington  that Sayer was the cause of Misty's brother's death. After she overheard this, Misty commanded her Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua to consume Sayer. After which, she became possessed by her Earthbound Immortal. The player must then defeat her. After the Duel, she disappeared, which upset Akiza. After the main storyline, the player could Duel Misty by returning to the area of Satellite in which the war was waged against them. If the player managed to defeat Misty and the other Dark Signers in this challenge, they unlocked the  Raging Battle   Booster Pack .
 
 
 Deck 
 As a  Dark Signer , Misty used a  " Reptilianne " Deck  which focused around draining the  ATK  of her opponents to 0. She also used an array of  Continuous Spell Cards , namely the " Sad Story " series to support the powerful " Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings " and to lock down her opponent. Her Deck was spearheaded by her powerful " Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua ".
 
 
 Reptilianne Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Reptilianne Gardna 
 Reptilianne Gorgon 
 Reptilianne Servant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Advance Force 
 Attack Pheromones 
 Field Barrier 
 Mirror Labyrinth 
 Molting Escape 
 Reptilianne Rage 
 Reptilianne Spawn 
 Sad Story - Atrocious Day 
 Sad Story - Sorrowful Memories 
 Sad Story - Unwavering Truth 
 Savage Colosseum 
 Terraforming [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Doom Gazer 
 Sorrowful Chain 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 38 - 39 
 No result
 
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 60 - 61 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 60: " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 37: " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 61: " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 029: " Good Cop, Bad Cop " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 37: " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 060: " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 061: " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  drawn  via the  effect  of " Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings " in  episode 61  but isn't played. 
 
 
 v e 
Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) pages 
 Anime 
 Duel Transer 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 World Championship 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4   characters   TF05 → 
 Player 
 Tier 1 
 001  Yusei Fudo 
 002  Jack Atlas 
 003  Akiza Izinski 
 004  Leo 
 005  Luna 
 006  Crow Hogan 
 007  Carly Carmine 
 008  Misty Tredwell 
 009  Kalin Kessler 
 010  Devack 
 011  Roman Goodwin 
 012  Rally Dawson 
 013  Tetsu Trudge 
 014  Mina Simington 
 Tier 2 
 015  Mimicry 
 016  Georg 
 017  Hose 
 018  Lioside 
 019  Dean 
 020  Wade 
 021  Gillian 
 022  KENYoU 
 023  Bivin 
 024  Rio 
 025  Mathew 
 026  Enzo 
 027  Terence 
 028  Simon 
 029  Jaime 
 030  Syun 
 031  Disa 
 032  Masha 
 033  Rie 
 034  Jewels 
 035  Andrea 
 036  Lily 
 037  Maki 
 038  Anca 
 039  Yumi 
 040  Celia 
 041  Rei 
 042  Kaia 
 043  Maia 
 044  Maci 
 045  Nataly 
 046  Kami 
 047  Wisteria 
 048  Cherry 
 049  Yuma 
 050  Odelia 
 051  Tasha 
 052  Rayna 
 053  Bright 
 054  Ida 
 055  Nadia 
 056  Reyna 
 057  Maggie 
 058  Hana 
 059  Cali 
 060  Naomi 
 061  Moses 
 062  Ivan 
 063  Giry 
 064  Michael 
 065  Taku 
 066  Bawnji 
 067  Walter 
 068  Hayden 
 069  Zanny 
 070  Nathan 
 071  Daisy 
 072  Edith 
 073  Mint 
 074  Lara 
 075  Olivia 
 076  Nadine 
 077  Sara 
 078  Pearl 
 079  Emma 
 080  Alice 
 081  Jumbo Ushio 
 082  Ryusei 
 083  King Jyaku 
 084  Duelua 
 085  Dueluka 
 Non-Duelist 
 Blister 
 Blitz 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Lenny 
 MC 
 Nervin 
 Rathie 
 Showgirl 
 Tank 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 ← TF05   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6   characters 
 Player 
 First tier 
 001  Yusei Fudo 
 002  Jack Atlas 
 003  Crow Hogan 
 004  Akiza Izinski 
 005  Leo 
 006  Luna 
 007  Bruno 
 008  Tetsu Trudge 
 009  Jean 
 010  Taro Yamashita 
 011  Dragan 
 012  Broder 
 013  Halldor 
 014  Sherry LeBlanc 
 015  Aporia 
 016  Z-one 
 017  Rex Goodwin 
 018  Rally Dawson 
 Second tier 
 019  Andre 
 020  Breo 
 021  Yoshizo Hayashi 
 022  Jinbei Tanigawa 
 023  Primo 
 024  Lester 
 025  Jakob 
 026  Mina Simington 
 027  Lazar 
 028  Carly Carmine 
 029  Misty Tredwell 
 030  Kalin Kessler 
 031  Greiger 
 032  Devack 
 033  Roman Goodwin 
 Third tier 
 034  Mimicry 
 035  Georg 
 036  Hose 
 037  Lioside 
 038  Dean 
 039  Wade 
 040  Gillian 
 041  KENYoU 
 042  Bivin 
 043  Rio 
 044  Mathew 
 045  Enzo 
 046  Terence 
 047  Simon 
 048  Jaime 
 049  Syun 
 050  Disa 
 051  Masha 
 052  Rie 
 053  Jewels 
 054  Andrea 
 055  Lily 
 056  Maki 
 057  Anca 
 058  Yumi 
 059  Celia 
 060  Rei 
 061  Kaia 
 062  Maia 
 063  Maci 
 064  Nataly 
 065  Kami 
 066  Wisteria 
 067  Cherry 
 068  Yuma 
 069  Odelia 
 070  Tasha 
 071  Rayna 
 072  Bright 
 073  Ida 
 074  Nadia 
 075  Reyna 
 076  Maggie 
 077  Hana 
 078  Cali 
 079  Naomi 
 080  Moses 
 081  Ivan 
 082  Giry 
 083  Michael 
 084  Taku 
 085  Bawnji 
 086  Walter 
 087  Hayden 
 088  Zanny 
 089  Nathan 
 090  Daisy 
 091  Edith 
 092  Mint 
 093  Lara 
 094  Olivia 
 095  Nadine 
 096  Sara 
 097  Pearl 
 098  Emma 
 099  Alice 
 100  Jumbo 
 101  Ryusei 
 102  King Jyaku 
 103  Duelua 
 104  Dueluka 
 105  Nanosa 
 Story only 
 Ghost 
 Yusei Fudo double 
 Non-Duelist 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Blister 
 Bob 
 Cheerleader 
 Dexter 
 Elsworth 
 Familiar 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Kaz 
 Martha 
 MC 
 Patty 
 Rathie 
 Showgirl 
 Sly 
 Stephanie 
 Zora 
 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  characters 
 Player ← WC09 WC11 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Annie 
 Blister 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Carly 
 Devack 
 Dexter 
 Jack 
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Heitmann 
 Hunter 
 Kalin 
 Bashford 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Roman 
 Sayer 
 Tanner 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Zeman 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Alina 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Arashiyama 
 Bass 
 Check 
 Chihiro 
 Clock 
 Coppola 
 Corse 
 Eiki 
 Figaro 
 Fukuoka 
 Gate Mace 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Gushizawa 
 Hashinoshima 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Hideki 
 Hiroyuki 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Igusa 
 Itsuki 
 Jean 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kawasaki 
 Key Mace 
 Key Mace #2 
 Kiyoto 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Lagoon 
 Liquid 
 Mimi 
 Mitchie 
 Morrison 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nino 
 Oda 
 Okita 
 Oscar 
 Peko 
 Robinson 
 Rossi 
 Roy 
 Salida 
 Seria 
 Shirase 
 Smith 
 Sugimoto 
 Sumetana 
 Tashiro 
 Ticera 
 Torino 
 Yusuke 
 Zape 
 Downloadable 
 Black Potan 
 Codarus 
 Dragunity Militum 
 Duelua 
 Dueluka 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 King Jyaku 
 Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther 
 Koa'ki Meiru Urnight 
 Neo Flamvell Origin 
 Reptilianne Naga 
 Ryusei 
 Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 The Fabled Peggulsus 
 Witch of the Black Rose 
 Worm Victory 
 World Champions 
 Kami 
 Peke-Hime 
 T T k 
 Free Duel 
 Princess Pikeru 
 Herald of Green Light 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Nanobreaker 
 Izanami 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Solar Flare Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 Koa'ki Meiru Valafar 
 Ally of Justice Decisive Armor 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord 
 Fabled Leviathan 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Lava Golem 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 The Dark Creator 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Darklord Desire 
 Avenging Knight Parshath 
 Flamvell Fiend 
 Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Trident Dragion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength 
 Repitilanne Vaskii 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Cyber Eltanin 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Supersonic Skull Flame 
 Explosive Magician 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 The Immortal Bushi 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Elemental Hero Absolute Zero 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Swap Frog 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Dragunity Knight - Gadearg 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Green Gadget 
 Naturia Beast 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei 
 Worm Zero 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Crusader of Endymion 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Gigaplant 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Man-Eater Bug / Worm Apocalypse 
 Needle Worm / Morphing Jar 
 Destroyersaurus / Jurrac Velo 
 Ojama Red / Ojama Blue 
 Battle Footballer / Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Emissary from Pandemonium / Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs / Stealth Bird 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World / Fabled Raven 
 Darklord Edeh Arae / Counselor Lily 
 Dragunity Phalanx / Cyberdark Dragon 
 Volcanic Shell / Flamvell Firedog 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes / Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Dark Paladin / Stardust Dragon 
 Phantom of Chaos / Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Manticore of Darkness / Enraged Battle Ox 
 White Night Dragon / Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 D.D. Survivor / Cyber Valley 
 Dandylion / Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Elemental Hero Stratos / Destiny Hero - Malicious 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyber Eltanin 
 Upstart Goblin / Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 Grinder Golem / Fires of Doomsday (character) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon / Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Mist Valley Soldier / Doomcaliber Knight 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi / Prime Material Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior / D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Phoenix Gearfried / Chthonian Emperor Dragon 
 Deep Sea Diva / Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Divine Grace - Northwemko / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Green Gadget 
 Necro Gardna / Shiny Black "C" 
 Genex Controller / Tragoedia 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord / Five-Headed Dragon 
 Mezuki / Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle / Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/MistyLola.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150506033849', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Misty_Linework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150506022930', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0b/MistyDS_Linework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150506023044', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Misty_Lola_Dark_Signer_Full_Appearance.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190111013729', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/D-Misty_death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090605045535', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Misty_Alive.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624150449', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Misty_in_Paris_photo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624153320', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Normal_Misty_Tredwell.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130220162359', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Dark_Signer_Misty.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130220162741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Misty_Tredwell-WC10.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110515175302']
Categories: Characters, Misty Tredwell pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters