Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_World

This article is about the archetype. For the Structure Deck, see " Structure Deck: Dark World ".      
 
 
 Dark World 
 暗黒界 「 あんこくかい 」  ( Ankokukai ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Sillva, Warlord of Dark World " and " Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 暗黑界 
 
 
 French 
 Monde Ténébreux 
 
 
 German 
 Finsteren Welt 
 
 
 Italian 
 Mondo Oscuro 
 
 
 Korean 
 암흑계 暗黑界   (Hanja)   Amheukgye   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mundo Negro Translation:  Black World 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Mundo Oscuro 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Elemental Energy Strike of Neos Tactical Evolution Phantom Darkness Primal Origin Code of the Duelist Phantom Rage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Photon Shockwave Gold Series Dark Revelation Volume 4 Starter Deck: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Starter Deck: Syrus Truesdale Gates of the Underworld Structure Deck Champion Pack: Game Three Champion Pack: Game Seven 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles Structure Deck: Dark World 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Structure Deck: Devil's Gate Expert Edition Volume 4 Structure Deck R: Devil's Gate Structure Deck R: Devil's Gate The Doors of the Abyss Opened Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Dark World " ( 暗 黒 界   Ankokukai ) is an  archetype  consisting of  DARK   Fiend   monsters . This archetype is prominent for its  discarding  effects from your  hand  into the  Graveyard ; as many "Dark World" monsters retain and gain extra effects, depending on which player’s card effect discarded them. They were introduced in  Elemental Energy , with further support in  Strike of Neos ,  Gates of the Underworld Structure Deck  and  Primal Origin .
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World  uses this archetype in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. Several other members also appear in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime as  duel spirits .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Naming 
 2   Members 
 3   Basic strategy 
 4   Discard effects 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Weaknesses and counter-strategies 
 
 
 Naming 
 The names of "Dark World" monsters are mostly based on colors, many of which feature prominently in their artwork and their army positions. The English names are based on the words for the colors with letters added and removed. The Japanese names are based on the transcriptions of the English words for the colors with one or more  morae  deleted. The Chinese names are combinations of the color names and  transcription /transliteration of English or Japanese words, in terms of phonetics.
 The anime-only " Dark Corridor " also belongs to this archetype since its kanji name contains "暗黒界".
 " Darkworld Thorns " and " Cyber Soldier of Darkworld " are not "Dark World" cards, reflected by their names using "Darkworld" instead of "Dark World".
 
 Members 
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 Origin
 
 
 Name
 
 Origin
 
 Name
 
 Origin
 
 
 Beiige 
 
 Beige 
 
 ベージ  Bēji 
 
 ベージ ュ  Bēju 
 
 Vanguard 
 
 
 Broww 
 
 Brown 
 
 ブラウ  Burau 
 
 ブラウ ン  Buraun 
 
 Hunter 
 
 
 Brron 
 
 Bronze 
 
 ブロン  Buron 
 
 ブロン ズ  Buronzu 
 
 King 
 
 
 Ceruli 
 
 Cerulean 
 
 セルリ  Seruri 
 
 セルリ アン  Serurian 
 
 Guru 
 
 
 Cobal 
 
 Cobalt 
 
 コバル  Kobaru 
 
 コバル ト  Kobaruto 
 
 Excavator 
 
 
 Colorless 
 
 Colorless 
 
 カラレス  Kararesu 
 
 カラ ー レス   Karāresu 
 
 King 
 
 
 Genta 
 
 Magenta 
 
 ゼンタ  Zenta 
 
 マ ゼンタ   Mazenta 
 
 Gateman 
 
 
 Goldd 
 
 Gold 
 
 ゴルド  Gorudo 
 
 ゴ ー ルド   Gōrudo 
 
 Wu- Lord 
 
 
 Grapha 
 
 Graphite 
 
 グラファ  Gurafa 
 
 グラファ イト  Gurafaito 
 
 Dragon  Lord
 
 
 Gren 
 
 Green 
 
 グリン  Gurin 
 
 グリ ー ン   Gurīn 
 
 Tactician 
 
 
 Kahkki 
 
 Khaki  (literally "soil-colored")
 
 カーキ  Kāki 
 
 Guerrilla 
 
 
 Latinum 
 
 Platinum 
 
 ラチナ  Rachina 
 
 プ ラチナ   Purachina 
 
 Exarch 
 
 
 Lucent 
 
 Translucent 
 
 ケルト  Keruto 
 
 ス ケルト ン   Sukeruton 透 ける   Sukeru 
 
 Netherlord 
 
 
 Reign-Beaux 
 
 Rainbow Reign + Beaux
 
 レイン  Rein 
 
 レイン ボー  Reinbō レイン   Rein 
 
 Overlord 
 
 
 Perl 
 
 Pearl 
 
 パアル  Pa'aru 
 
 パ ー ル   Pāru 
 
 Hermit 
 
 
 Renge 
 
 Orange 
 
 レンジ  Renji 
 
 オ レンジ   Orenji 
 
 Gatekeeper 
 
 
 Scarr 
 
 Scarlet 
 
 スカー  Sukā 
 
 スカー レット  Sukāretto 
 
 Scout 
 
 
 Sillva 
 
 Silver 
 
 シルバ  Shiruba 
 
 シルバ ー  Shirubā 
 
 Warlord 
 
 
 Snoww 
 
 Snow 
 
 スノウ  Sunou 
 
 Unlight 
 
 
 Zure 
 
 Azure 
 
 ズール  Zūru 
 
 ア ズール   Azūru 
 
 Knight 
 
 Basic strategy 
 "Dark World" cards are generally intended to gain advantage by activating Summoning,  destruction , and other effects through  discarding  cards (through effects) from your  hand  into the  Graveyard . Many "Dark World" monsters gain extra effects in the graveyard if they were discarded by an opponent's card effect.
 They are based around  effects  that  activate  when they are  discarded  from the  hand  to the  Graveyard  by a card effect. This does not include  costs  that require the user to discard, such as " Lightning Vortex " or effects that send cards from the hand to the Graveyard, without discarding, such as " Hand Destruction ".
 "Dark World" monsters can rapidly and aggressively  swarm  the field and overwhelm the opponent by destroying and discarding your opponent's cards. The deck's main boss monster, " Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World ", has a built-in destruction effect and the ability to Special Summon itself from the Graveyard; coupled with its high ATK, it is the key card in any "Dark World" Deck.
 With the  Gates of the Underworld Structure Deck , the Deck picked up more speed in Summoning and getting card effects. In addition to the aforementioned "Grapha", it introduced " Snoww, Unlight of Dark World ", whose effect allows for quick searches and Deck thinning. On the other hand, the Deck no longer needed to rely on " Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World " and " Sillva, Warlord of Dark World " for power. Their high  Level  means that they will often sit unused in the hand (although they can still be viable for some strategies, such as a Rank 5  Xyz Summon ). Using your discard outlets for other cards such as "Grapha" or "Snoww" is often more favorable to either immediately remove a threat, or search the Deck for a card you need.
 Another uncommon strategy is discarding " Ceruli, Guru of Dark World " when you have a "Dark World" monster that gains effects when discarded by an opponent's card effect (e.g. " Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World ", "Goldd", or "Snoww"). Since the effect of "Ceruli" summons itself on the opponent's side of the field,  you  are the target of its discard effect; this gives your "Dark World" monster a special effect and wastes the opponent's field space.
 " Dark World Brainwashing " and " Dark Deal ", disrupt with the opponent's cards as they change Effects into a  random  discard on you.
 As per the  New Master Rules , "Dark World" suffers almost nothing and can gain a better field control as the opponent would lack a strong Monster to take down your Monster.
 With the release of  Danger!  monsters, Dark World decks now have a powerful new allied archetype with similar themes to call upon, expanding their firepower at the cost of more random discards. The Dark World  FTK  was, as of the  September 2018  TCG Forbidden and Limited Lists, a very powerful tournament viable strategy. Utilising  Cannon Soldier  to Tribute Grapha and  Firewall Dragon  to Summon any other Dark World from your hand, which is used to Summon Grapha, repeating the  loop  until the opponent runs out of Life Points. While methods to reach this combo varied, they normally use a Danger! engine of some kind, and they all shared the same weaknesses as other FTKs:  handtraps . With the power of the Danger deck, it was not uncommon to see this deck winning without the FTK, however. Now as of the  December 2018 Lists , Firewall Dragon is  Forbidden , making this loop unplayable in the Advanced Format.
 
 Discard effects 
 This section will show exactly which effects are activated with any "Dark World" monster's discard. This also shows exactly the additional effect that happens when the opponent's effect is the cause for the discard.
 
 
 
 Dark World
 
 Effect after being discarded by…
 
 
 any card effect
 
 an  opponent's  card effect
 
 
 Beiige 
 
 Special Summons itself.
 
 N/A
 
 
 Broww 
 
 Draw  1 card.
 
 Draw 1 more card (simultaneously, in addition to the 1st effect).
 
 
 Ceruli 
 
 Special Summons itself to the opponent's field in Defense Position.
 
 N/A
 
 
 Goldd 
 
 Special Summons itself.
 
 Destroys up to two cards the opponent controls.
 
 
 Grapha 
 
 Destroys a card the opponent controls.
 
 Looks at 1 random card in your opponent's hand; if it is a monster, that monster can be Special Summoned to the player's field.
 
 
 Gren 
 
 Destroy a Spell/Trap on the field.
 
 N/A
 
 
 Kahkki 
 
 Destroy a monster on the field.
 
 N/A
 
 
 Latinum 
 
 Special Summons itself.
 
 1  Fiend  monster gains 500 ATK.
 
 
 Lucent 
 
 Special Summons itself.
 
 Special Summons a Fiend monster from the Deck to either field.
 
 
 Reign-Beaux 
 
 N/A
 
 Special Summons itself, then destroys all of the opponent's monsters OR Spells/Traps.
 
 
 Sillva 
 
 Special Summons itself.
 
 The opponent returns two cards from their hand to the bottom of their Deck in any order.
 
 
 Snoww 
 
 Adds a "Dark World" card from the Deck to the hand.
 
 Special Summons a monster from the opponent's Graveyard to the player's field in face-up Defense Position.
 
 "Dark World" cards do not  activate  if they are  discarded  as part of a  cost  (e.g. " Lightning Vortex " or " Monster Reincarnation "), but they have several cards that force discards as an effect (e.g. " Dark World Dealings ", " Dark World Lightning " or " Brron, Mad King of Dark World "). The difference has become easier to determine with the July 2011 " Problem-Solving Card Text " solution. Now all cards with a "discard" effect occurring after a semicolon, ";", are effects that will cause "Dark World" monsters' effects to activate. (See  Discards for effect  for a list of such cards.)
 In general, a "Dark World" Deck should not rely too heavily on card effects that require the opponent to force a discard. Although the archetype has some means of forcing the opponent to make you discard, their situational nature means that you will often have difficulty making the most of the effects.
 
 Recommended cards 
 Since all "Dark World" monsters are  Fiend , you can add " Solidarity " to boost the ATK of all "Dark World" monsters by 800 as long as there is at least one Fiend monster (and no other Types) in your Graveyard. 
 "Dark World" Decks can run cards such as " Dark Spirit Art - Greed " or " Advance Draw " to benefit from their easy GY Summons (e.g. the effects of " Goldd ", " Gateway to Dark World ", and especially "Grapha"). 
 " Deck Devastation Virus " and " Eradicator Epidemic Virus " for massive destruction. 
 " Dragged Down Into The Grave " allows you to discard and draw, and take away one card in your opponent's hand at your choice. " Mind Crush " can then be used so you can either call out another card that might trouble you, or call it wrong so you can discard for effects. 
 " Trance Archfiend " is a addition for the deck.
 It can be Normal Summoned 
 its effect allows you to discard a "Dark World" monster to trigger its effect and give itself 500 ATK and can then be used for the "Virus" cards. 
 If it is destroyed, you can add a banished DARK monster to your hand. This works well with " The Gates of Dark World "; by banishing a "Trance Archfiend", you can later recover it by another copy's effect for a  Loop . 
 "Trance Archfiend" also makes easy  Rank  4  Xyz Summon  with " Beiige ". " Archfiend Heiress " can be discarded to search for "Trance Archfiend", " Call of the Archfiend ", or be used along with " Tour Guide From the Underworld ". 
 Certain " Fabled " monsters can be mixed into a "Dark World" Deck as they have synergy with each other.
 In addition, since they are  LIGHT , you can then use " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " or " Chaos Sorcerer ". 
 " Fabled Raven " will also enable   Synchro Summon , as its effect triggers the effect of "Dark World" monsters, and increase its own  Level  and  ATK . (Ex: Discarding either " Goldd " or " Sillva " will give you Level 8 Synchro Monster).
 "Raven" is also a Fiend, so it gets an ATK increase from " The Gates of Dark World " and can be banished for its effect. 
 " Skill Drain " and " Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord 
 "Light-Imprisoning Mirror" negates effects of LIGHT monsters on the field and in the GY, only hurting you if you have " Fabled Raven " or other LIGHT monsters on the field. 
 " Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord ", " Dark Grepher ", and " Dark Armed Dragon " works well in a "Dark World" deck. 
 " Allure of Darkness " can offer draw power
 You can then Special Summon the monster you banished with " Leviair the Sea Dragon ". 
 Although unnecessary, " Forced Requisition " or " Appropriate " is a great addition to this Deck as it would negate your hand disadvantage. 
 " Card Destruction " and " Morphing Jar " are very useful for "Dark World" Decks as they can provide many discards and draws at once. 
 " Fiendish Rhino Warrior " is an effective addition to the Deck.
 It protects other Fiends from card effects and destruction by battle while it's on the field 
 When it's sent to the GY, it can act as " Foolish Burial ". 
 You can also use " Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss " in the Deck. It searches out " Broww, Huntsman of Dark World " or " Tour Guide From the Underworld " during the  End Phase  of the turn it was sent to the graveyard. 
 "Dark World" also heavily benefits from " Tour Guide From the Underworld "
 It can be used to Summon " Broww, Huntsman of Dark World ", "Fiendish Rhino Warrior", or " Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss "and then going for a Rank 3  Xyz Summon . 
 Alternately, you can bounce "Broww" to Summon Grapha from the Graveyard. 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend Heiress 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Broww, Huntsman of Dark World 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Ceruli, Guru of Dark World 
 Danger!  monsters 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Fiendish Rhino Warrior 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Latinum, Exarch of Dark World 
 Lucent, Netherlord of Dark World 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Sangan 
 Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss 
 Snoww, Unlight of Dark World 
 The Suppression Pluto 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Trance Archfiend 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fabled Raven Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Ghostrick Alucard 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Number 24: Dragulas the Vampiric Dragon 
 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy 
 Number 61: Volcasaurus 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss 
 Masterking Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Card Destruction 
 Charge Into a Dark World 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Dark World Grimoire 
 Dark World Lightning 
 Dragged Down into the Grave 
 Foolish Burial 
 Fusion Substitute 
 Gateway to Dark World 
 Into the Void 
 Magical Contract Door 
 Pot of Acquisitiveness 
 The Gates of Dark World 
 Traps 
 Call of the Archfiend 
 Dark Deal 
 Dark Smog 
 Dark World Brainwashing 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Fiend Griefing 
 Forced Requisition 
 Full Force Virus 
 Light-Imprisoning Mirror 
 Mamemaki 
 Mind Crush 
 Sinister Yorishiro 
 Skill Drain 
 The Forces of Darkness 
 Weaknesses and counter-strategies 
 The ultimate threats to "Dark World" decks are cards that banish or lock GY: " Dimensional Fissure ", " Karma Cut ", " Masked HERO Dark Law ", " Banisher of the Radiance " , " Banisher of the Light " or " Macro Cosmos " and " Necrovalley ". 
 Any Decks that stop discarding effect will completely shut down "Dark World" 
 " Magical Thorn " can inflict severe damage by forcing the opponent to take 500 LP damage every time they discard a card. 
 " The End of Anubis ", " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror ", " Soul Drain " or " Abyss Dweller " will  negate  or stop  activated  GY effects, making "Dark World" cards nearly useless.
 Those cards  do not  prevent the Summon of "Grapha". 
 " Consecrated Light " prevents DARK monsters from  attacking  or being Summoned. 
 Mirror Matching  another "Dark World" deck will cause any of your cards that also make your opponent discard to become a double-edge sword. 
 Like all Special Summon-based deck, cards that  prevents Special Summons  will slow this deck down. 
   
" Dark World " 「 暗 黒 界 」 Members 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World Broww, Huntsman of Dark World Brron, Mad King of Dark World Ceruli, Guru of Dark World Genta, Gateman of Dark World Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World Grapha, Dragon Overlord of Dark World Gren, Tactician of Dark World Kahkki, Guerilla of Dark World Latinum, Exarch of Dark World Lucent, Netherlord of Dark World Perl, Hermit of Dark World Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World Reign-Beaux, Supreme Overlord of Dark World Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World Scarr, Scout of Dark World Sillva, Warlord of Dark World Snoww, Unlight of Dark World Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Charge Into a Dark World Dark World Accession Dark World Brainwashing Dark World Dealings Dark World Grimoire Dark World Library Dark World Lightning Dark World Punishment Dark World Puppeteering The Gates of Dark World Gateway to Dark World 
 Support 
 Ceruli, Guru of Dark World Genta, Gateman of Dark World Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World Grapha, Dragon Overlord of Dark World Perl, Hermit of Dark World Reign-Beaux, Supreme Overlord of Dark World Scarr, Scout of Dark World Snoww, Unlight of Dark World 
 Dark World Accession Dark World Brainwashing Dark World Library Dark World Punishment The Forces of Darkness Gateway to Dark World 
 Related 
 Mad Lobster Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness Terrorking Salmon 
 
 v e 
" Dark World " 「 暗 黒 界 」 a   Members 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World Broww, Huntsman of Dark World Celri, Monk of Dark World Cobal, Excavator of Dark World Colorless, Chaos King of Dark World Corridor to Dark World Dark Corridor Dark World Dealings Dark World Lightning The Gates of Dark World Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World Scarr, Scout of Dark World Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Support 
 Celri, Monk of Dark World Cobal, Excavator of Dark World Corridor to Dark World Dark Corridor Dark World Dealings Dark World Lightning The Forces of Darkness Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Related 
 Sea Serpent Warrior of Darkness Super Polymerization 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Mat-Misc-DarkWorld.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150328152347']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)