Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Vetrix_Family


 
 Vetrix Family
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 トロン ー家 [1] 
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Toronkasoku
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Tron Family
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Vetrix Family
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Vetrix 
 Quinton 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Related pages 
 
 
 
 Crest 
 
 
 The  Vetrix Family , known as the  Tron Family  in Japanese version, is a family/organization appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime, led by  Vetrix . Other members are the three brothers,  Trey ,  Quattro , and  Quinton . Their true surname is "Arclight".
 Their attire is very medieval in design and they have  crests  on their hands (with the exception of Quinton, whose crest is on his forehead), as well as a tattoo-like  Duel Gazer  marks used instead of a mechanical one, similar to  Kite Tenjo ,  Nistro , and  Dextra .
 They have knowledge of " Numbers " and collect them to exact their revenge on  Dr. Faker . However, they had no knowledge about  Chaos Xyz Evolution  until Yuma Summoned his " Number C39: Utopia Ray . [2] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   History 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL II 
 
 
 2   Obtained Numbers 
 3   References 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Vetrix Family in the past.     
 The three brothers lived a happy and peaceful life with their father, and they had a dog. [3]   Byron Arclight , the father, became involved in  Dr. Faker 's experiments, allowing his oldest son,  Chris  to accompany them in the lab. [4] 
 
       The family after Vetrix returned from Barian World.     
 Later, they hired  Kazuma Tsukumo  to help them with their research and guide them to some ruins. Byron and Kazuma bonded over their respective families and became friends. When they reached their destination, Faker betrayed them both, sending them to another dimension as sacrifices to open  The Door . [4]  Though Faker believed Byron to be dead [5] , he eventually returned, with his form warped into that of a child even younger than his youngest son. Swearing revenge against Faker, he took the name "Vetrix", while Chris became known as "Quinton". [4]  To initiate Vetrix's machination, Quattro was ordered to Duel  Rio Kastle . He activated a card called " Flaming Hell Blessing ", which somehow set the building on fire. Quattro carried her to safety, with his face being scarred in the process, but she was critically injured in the inferno and hospitalized. [6] [7] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
         Quattro  provoking Shark.     
 The Vetrix Family's scheme involved  Shark  coming to their side, and the " Numbers " in some way. As the second part of their scheme, they needed Shark to participate in the  World Duel Carnival . As ordered by  Vetrix ,  Quattro  made sure he did, by intentionally bringing up Shark's past, and telling him how he purposely set his Deck on the pot to fall, and caused  his sister 's accident. By doing so, he enraged Shark, thus giving him a reason to want to be in the World Duel Carnival, and making him want revenge against Quattro, who confirmed he would be participating in the World Duel Carnival as well. [7] 
 
         Shark infected by " Number 32 ".     
 The next step in their plan, involved  Trey  giving Shark " Number 32: Shark Drake ", which he succeeded in doing. However, the " Number " could not possess Shark, making Trey speculate that the gambit was not fully successful, but Vetrix said that was not the case, because as long as there was even the smallest of darkness in human hearts, it will expand without them realizing. [8] 
 
         Vetrix begins the ritual.     
 The next step, was  Quinton  taking control of  Hart Tenjo  through his  crest , and taking him to an abandoned gallery, where Vetrix began a ritual to extract the young boy's powers. In order to ensure the ritual completes, Quinton sent Trey and Quattro to Duel  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Kite Tenjo . [9] [10]  The plan however failed, as Hart was able to transfer his remaining power to Kite, at the same time forcing the ritual to end before it was complete. [2]  Despite this, Vetrix was able to obtain most of Hart's power and gained the ability to use destructive  energy balls [11] 
 They learned Yuma possesses the " Original Number ", and has now become a target as well. Also, Vetrix and Quinton recognized Yuma's surname "Tsukumo" and realized that he is  Kazuma Tsukumo 's son. [11] 
 The next step involved Vetrix giving Trey new powers so he could defeat Yuma in a Duel. [12]  Despite Trey having failed and giving his "Numbers" away to Yuma, Vetrix did not seem to care, and was worried for Trey, comforting him. He then decided to take revenge on Yuma. [13] 
 After  Trey  became comatose, the remainder of the Vetrix Family appeared at the  World Duel Carnival . When they set off in their  Duel Coaster , Quinton and Quattro each had a Duel.  Vetrix 's does not Duel, but he observed Yuma Tsukumo's Duel against the  Triad of Terror  that  Quinton  had hired to see Yuma's "true power". He was shocked to find that Yuma, with the assistance of  Anna Kaboom  and  Nistro , had beaten the Triad of Terror. [14] 
 After the Vetrix Family members cleared the Duel Coaster stages, they eliminated what was left of the remaining finalists until there were only 8 left, and then could Duel one-on-one with a certain person. Vetrix was lured by  Dextra  to the " Jungle Field " and had a difficult fight against her butterfly combo. He came close to losing if it were not for his " Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage " and turning Dextra's own combo against her. After Vetrix defeated Dextra, he decided to erase all her memories of  Kite  before taking his leave and telling Yuma that he would eat his heart next. [14] 
 Later,  Quinton  and Kite arrived at the Space Field, and started their Duel. Quinton Summoned his " Number 9: Dyson Sphere " in the first turn, though he kept it hidden from the field. After Kite Summoned " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", Quinton decided to reveal his monster as well as gaining a full advantage of the Duel since "Dyson Sphere" cannot be attacked as well as being able to launch direct attacks thanks to "Galaxy-Eyes" having a higher ATK than "Dyson Sphere". [15]  However, Kite decides to wager it all with a card that Quinton did not know about, which he received from his father, to Summon " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and win the Duel. After the Duel, Quinton departed but left "Dyson Sphere" for Kite and was later seen entering Trey's room and his crest disappearing, causing him to collapse on Trey's bed and saying that they should rest together. [15] 
 Quattro lures  Shark  to Duel him at " Magma Field " where his water deck is supposedly going to have a disadvantage. [16]  However Shark managed to negate the effects of the Duel Field with the help of his Trap Card, " Adapt to Adversity ". During their Duel, they each inflicted massive damage with their Xyz Monsters. Though after Shark Summons "Shark Drake", Quattro is startled by Shark possessing a "Number" and how Vetrix did not tell him a few parts of his plan. Also during the Duel, Vetrix started to turn his back on Quattro in favor of Shark, and said that Quattro had already done his part. Determined to win, Quattro decides to summon his ultimate "Number", " Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo ", which would automatically win the Duel on his next turn. However, Shark decides to accept Shark Drake, and manages to Chaos Xyz Summon his new Chaos Number " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss " to weaken and destroy Puppet of Leo, and win him the Duel. After the Duel, Quattro apologizes to Shark and tells him the truth about what happened between him and Shark's sister. He also entrusts the task of defeating and saving their father to Shark before disappearing. [6] 
 While conversing with  a being through a portal , Vetrix called it a shame that he had to sacrifice his sons, but asserted that his machination was close to completion. [17]  During Vetrix's Duel against Kite, he reveals that he merely exploited his progeny in order to bolster his Summoning of " Number 69: Heraldry Crest " with hatred and rage as he had no emotions to spare. [18]  He later discloses to Yuma that the crests of Trey, Quattro, and Quinton come with a heavy penalty - they are directly connected to the soul of their wielder in exchange for power. Should they be defeated in a Duel while wielding powerful " Numbers ", their souls will become debilitated and they are rendered comatose afterwards. [19]  After Vetrix was defeated by Yuma, he eventually releases the souls of those he has captured, including his comatose sons, and the three brothers are seen awakening after these events. [20] 
 After Yuma, Shark and Kite defeated a  Vector -possessed Dr. Faker, the building began to collapse around them, causing Dr. Faker to fall. Kite managed to grab hold of him, but fell himself, attaching his  Duel Anchor  to Yuma in an attempt to get them back up. As Yuma struggled to keep the two from falling, Vetrix appeared behind them, agreeing with Faker's statement that Faker had committed "many sins". Yuma pleads with Vetrix to abandon his revenge, while Faker blamed himself, hoping he would not hurt Kite. Vetrix remarked that this is the "last of his power" and fired his crest towards them, apparently causing them to fall. He instead transported them to the outskirts of Heartland, forgiving Faker for his crimes and saying "good-bye, my friend" before vanishing again. In this instance, his crest was blue as opposed to pink. [21]  He and his sons watched part of the Duel between Yuma and Kite, then Vetrix told them they would go home now and they departed through a portal: all but Trey entered while he thanked Yuma for his actions. [22] 
 A discussion between  Dumon ,  Alito ,  Mizar , and  Girag  reveals they rescued  Vetrix , granted him the abilities of the  Barian World  and returned him to Earth while also requesting he collect the  Numbers  and destroy the  Astral World  as compensation for their altruism. [23] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh ZEXAL II 
         Trey's crest bracelet     
 The Arclight brothers later returned to Heartland, this time via a submarine where they discussed the prolonged engagement between the  Astral World  and the  Barian World . Quinton then asked Trey if he was ready to assist Yuma, which he agreed to. Later that night, Trey appeared just before Mr. Heartland could persuade Yuma to forfeit his "Numbers", throwing a sword at him in the process, which Mr. Heartland narrowly dodged with his teleportation abilities that were granted to him by  Don Thousand . [24] 
 Trey convinced Yuma not to give up shortly before Mr. Heartland assaulted him by shooting a swarm of insects from his staff, but Trey blocked them with the abilities of a bracelet that Quinton invented, revealing that it granted him the abilities of his father's crest. Yuma then handed Trey " Atlandis " and " Machu Mech " and requested his assistance in the upcoming Duel, which Trey happily agreed to. The pair then began their Duel with  Erazor . Before the Duel could begin, Mr. Heartland revealed that it was a trap which halved Trey's and Yuma's Life Points whilst Erazor's doubled. [24] 
 Trey took the third turn to summon out "Machu Mech" and deal damage to Erazor with help from Yuma's cards. However, Erazor deals a lot of damage to Trey, who took damage that was meant for Yuma, and activates a trap that will assure him victory on his next turn. Yuma then sets the stage for Trey to Summon "Atlandis", equipped it with "Utopia" to win the Duel, destroying Erazor and returning Yuma's friends' memories. Afterwards, Yuma decides to give " Number 3: Cicada King " to Trey as a sign of their friendship. [25] 
 After  Chironex  poisoned  Rio  and disappeared in search of Shark,  Yuma ,  Tori  and  Trey  planned to go in search of him, Quattro met up with them in the hospital. Trey requested Quattro to deal with Chironex, while Yuma returned " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder " and " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings " to him. Later, Quattro appeared on the roof just as Chironex poisoned Shark, teasingly calling himself Shark's "Number one fan", and challenged Chironex to a Duel. He partnered up with Shark, stating that he was fighting not only as a favor to his brother but for Rio's sake as well. After Chironex reduced Shark to 400 Life Points with " Number 4: Stealth Kragen ", Quattro took the third turn to  Xyz Summon  "Giant Grinder" and used it destroy "Stealth Kraken". [26] 
 As the poison continued to worsen Shark's condition, Quattro Summons "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" to deal massive damage to Chironex, but had its abilities blocked by Chironex's " Jelly Bind ". Working together with Shark, the two were able defeat Chironex and Quattro received the "Stealth Kraken" card. [27] 
 Afterwards, Trey continued to stay at Yuma's house and accompanied him on his "patrols". He became concerned of Yuma's false cheerfulness, though Trey tried to believe that Yuma could overcome his sadness. One night, Quattro called Trey to check on Yuma and questioned if he would be alright after losing  Astral , but Trey reassured him that Yuma would be fine. [28] 
 Later, Trey and Yuma went on another patrol where he and Yuma's friends confronted Yuma on his unwillingness to accept the reality of losing Astral. Trey also pointed out the places Yuma had been patrolling are places he and Astral Dueled together and that Yuma still hopes he would meet Astral again one day. This upset Yuma, causing Trey and the others to run after him until Kite came to pick Yuma up via plane. [28] 
 In an arctic area, Quinton worked together with  Kite  to build a  Dimensional Transporter  to go to the Astral World to find Astral. As they made progress, Quinton thanked Kite for his efforts and told him that the experiment was extremely dangerous and they could not let Yuma be aware of it. Eventually, Quinton found out that Kite went against his wishes and brought Yuma to their laboratory. He sternly questioned Kite, who said that he would not "coddle" Yuma like him. He also argued with Yuma about the unknown dangers about traveling through different dimensions and warned him that he could die. At everyone's behest, Quinton acquiesced and prepared to send Yuma to Astral World. As they activated the device, Quinton explained that Yuma wouldn't be able to return after he goes through the gate and that he must stay absolutely still during the charging period. After  Scritch  caused a blackout, Quinton and Kite challenged him to a Duel to protect Yuma, who returned " Number 9: Dyson Sphere " to Quinton. [28] 
 When Kite began to hallucinate, Quinton was forced to Duel against Kite, due to the poison in Kite's body causing Kite to see Quinton as Mosquito Ninja. Quinton used "Dyson Sphere" to attack " Galaxy-Eyes ", recreating an old training experiment they undergone to refine Kite's survival instincts and successfully made Kite fight the poison off. Together they power up "Galaxy Eyes" and win the Duel. Afterwards, the device was successfully activated and Yuma was sent to the Astral World. [29] 
 After Yuma departed, Quinton and the others stayed behind to monitor the portal, but Orbital suddenly told them that the portal was excluding large amounts of energy. [30]  This caused Quinton to worry about the portal breaking down and Yuma being trapped in the Astral World. [31]  As the energy continued to overload the device, Quinton and the others were forced to evacuated the laboratory before it explodes. [32] 
 Sometime later, Trey, Quattro, and Yuma's friends were conversing in their submarine about the frequent riots that had been incited around Heartland. The brothers deduced that the riots were due to the one million " Numbers " and that the  Barians  had something to do with the incidents. Once  Quinton  returned, they learned what happened with Yuma when  Mr. Heartland  appeared before them. Mr. Heartland explained to Trey and the company how the Human World and Barian World were fusing together. As he watched Kite Duel against Mr. Heartland, the " Fake Numbers " that Trey and Quattro took from Erazor and Chironex affected their bodies, causing them pain, and they were reclaimed by Mr. Heartland. [33] 
 After  Mr. Heartland  was defeated, the Seven Barian Emperors arrived together on Earth in front of  Yuma . Quattro was shocked to see  Shark  amongst them, now known as Nash. Yuma was rendered unable to Duel when the Emperor's Key reacted with Nash's Barian Emblem. As the Emperors were about to attack,  Roku  and  Kaze  arrived, pelting the Emperors with smoke bombs. This allowed Yuma's entire group to escape. Nash ordered a chase, but each of the other Emperors except  Vector  were blocked by Yuma's companions and forced to Duel. Nash himself caught up with the car they had used to flee, prompting Quattro to exit the car and stall for time. Quinton asked if he could really do this, commenting that Shark was Quattro's "only true friend". Quattro affirmed that he had to and Quinton gave him " Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force ", revealing it as the trump card of humanity he had recently completed. As the others sped away, Quattro vowed to do what Yuma would do - reforge the bonds of friendships with a Duel. Nash unveiled his " Number 10X " card, " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ". In response, Quattro used "Argent Chaos Force" to create " Number C15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter ". "Silent Honor ARK" was  destroyed , but Nash initiated a  Chaos Draw  at the same time as each other Emperor. [34] 
 This allowed Nash to create " Number C101: Silent Honor DARK " using " Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One ". It absorbed "Giant Hunter", but Quattro survived by defending with " Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler ". He was able to recover "Argent Chaos Force", using " Banish Reactor " and proceeded to use it to create " Number C40: Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings ". Though this card destroyed "Silent Honor DARK" and even returned Nash to his human form briefly, the effect of "Silent Honor DARK" revived it and recovered Nash's life. Nash urged Quattro to think of him not as a friend, but an enemy he must defeat. Quattro retained his desire to reforge the bonds of friendship until every other human Duelist involved was defeated and their souls sent to the Barian World. Finally giving in to Nash's desire to hate him, Quattro was enraged. Nash was pleased and wished to use this opportunity to bury the last link to "Reginald". As he did so, his voice adopted a demonic tone. [35]  Finally, Quattro was able to use " Triangle Gimmick Box " to Summon " Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo " and Rank it up using "Argent Chaos Force". Nash stopped its  Automatic Win  condition using " Overlay Award ". Reviving "Silent Honor DARK" once more, Nash defeated Quattro. As he lay on the ground waiting to be absorbed into the  Barian World , he exchanged some words with the human form of Nash and vanished, leaving only his  D-Pad , Deck and "Numbers".  Trey  attempted to contact him through their bracelets, with him only getting a "lost" signal. [36] 
 As Quattro and Nash continued their Duel, Quinton drove the car in order to help Yuma escape from the Barian Emperors but continued to check on the progress of the Duel as well as Yuma's and Kite's condition. When Quattro was defeated, Quinton noticed Trey's bracelet saying "Lost" and stopped the car. He and Trey then left Yuma when both of them detected a Barian coming toward them. They stopped for some snacks and then awaited the arrival of  Mizar . [35]  They were quickly confronted by  Mizar , who demanded to know where Yuma and Astral were. The Arclights refused to tell him where they were. Putting their full trust in duo, Quinton and Trey prepared to Duel for their lives, proclaiming that Thomas was waiting for them in Hell. [36] 
 Quinton informed Mizar that he was the one who had taught Kite how to Duel, which seemed to intrigue Mizar. The Duel began and Quinton quickly brought out " Dyson Sphere ". The monster's size alerted  Dumon  and  Marin  to the Duel's start and they quickly joined Mizar, who told them he was fine and that they should search for Yuma and Astral. Quinton and Trey used the power of their bracelets' crests to generate a  Sphere Field , trapping the three Barians. The Duel continued, but in reality, "Dyson Sphere" was only bait that Mizar took, destroying it with his " Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ". Due to Mizar's use of " Tachyon Flare Wing ", the duo were able to outwit him and equip "Tachyon Dragon" to Trey's " Number C6: Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis ", created using "Argent Chaos Force". Mizar then angrily drew "The Seventh One" with Chaos Draw, but realized he could not play it as "Tachyon Dragon" was not on his field or his Graveyard or  Extra Deck , just as the Arclights had planned. [37] 
 As the Duel continued Quinton used " Rank-Up Return " in order to bring back "Argent Chaos Force" to his hand and then used it to Rank-Up "Dyson Sphere" to  Number C9: Chaos Dyson Sphere  and then used the effects of both it and "Chaos Atlandis" in order to try and defeat Mizar. Mizar's  Life Points  were put down to 1 but he survived the effect of "Chaos Dyson Sphere" and also got back "Tachyon Dragon". Following this, Mizar Ranked up "Tachyon Dragon" to " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ". Quinton and Trey attempted to use the effects of their Trap Cards to imprison Tachyon Dragon but this failed due to the deadly effects of " Time Tyrant " which reset the field and the Trap Cards.  [38] 
 Quinton then brought up a screen to communicate with Yuma, Astral and Tori. Quinton explained to both Yuma and Mizar the work he had been doing with Kite regarding the legend of the Dragons that Kite had found on the stone tablet. Quinton was done explaining when Mizar continued with his attack and destroyed both Chaos Atlandis and then Chaos Dyson Sphere. As the final attack from "Neo Tachyon" hit them Quinton and Trey were absorbed into the Barian World, much to the horror and sadness of Yuma and Tori. [38] 
 During the final Duel between Yuma and  Nash , the Astral and Barian Worlds were on the verge of colliding and destroying both. Vetrix appeared in the Barian World (now combined with the  Human World ), while  Kazuma Tsukumo  appeared in the Astral World. Kazuma thanked Vetrix, saying that his sons had helped Yuma grow into a fine young man. Vetrix thanked him in turn, as Yuma helped him get his family back. Vetrix determined they had to find a way to stabilize the worlds long enough for the Duel to come to its conclusion. Kazuma agreed, and the two entered energy forms of the same colors used by Yuma and Astral before using  ZEXAL . They used the last of their powers to become barriers between the arena and the two colliding worlds. Vetrix's crest shined out (now pink once again), while an image of the  Emperor's Key  shined out for Kazuma. [39] 
 After the Duel's conclusion, Vetrix and Kazuma reappeared, with Vetrix stating the Earth had begun to drift away from the Astral World. Kazuma thanked Vetrix for his help, calling him "old friend". Vetrix mused he had compensated some of the debt from his earlier actions before vanishing. Quattro, Trey and Quinton were also revived after Nash was defeated by Yuma, appearing in the same spot where they were defeated by Nash and Mizar respectively. The brothers later watched Yuma and Astral's final Duel. [40]  Afterward, Vetrix, Quinton, Kite and Dr. Faker started collaborating again to research parallel worlds while Trey enrolled in  Heartland Academy  as a first-year student. Upon hearing about the Astral World's new crisis, the family joined Yuma and his friends on the journey there.  [41] 
 
 Obtained Numbers 
 As part of their revenge on  Dr. Faker , the Vetrix Family uses Quattro to collect the " Number " cards from Duelists who are entering the  World Duel Carnival . The list shown is of the known "Numbers" which are obtained, but it is known that Quattro have at least obtained ten total around the time when he Dueled  Bronk Stone  and  Caswell Francis . [5]  After Quattro was defeated by Reginald,  Vetrix  procured Quattro's nine remaining Number cards off-screen. [42]  Vetrix revealed he can extract "Numbers" from their owners by absorbing the cards through his crest. This is the method by which he obtained at least fifteen cards from  Kite Tenjo , from which only five are known by name. [18] 
 The "Numbers" the family possesses cannot be taken forcefully (with the exception of the  Sphere Field ) after losing a Duel, thanks to their  crests . [11]  The only way a "Number" switches ownership would be if the current owner forfeits or hands the card to a new owner. [13] [15] 
 
 
 Known obtained "Numbers" Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 3: Cicada King [Notes 1] 
 Number 4: Stealth Kragen [Notes 2] 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis [Notes 1] 
 Number 8: Heraldic King Genom-Heritage 
 Number 9: Dyson Sphere [Notes 3] 
 Number 10: Illumiknight [Notes 4] 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 20: Giga-Brilliant [Notes 4] 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction [Notes 4] 
 Number 32: Shark Drake [Notes 5] 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech [Notes 1] 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings 
 Number 56: Gold Rat [Notes 4] 
 Number 69: Heraldry Crest 
 Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo 
 Number C6: Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis 
 Number C9: Chaos Dyson Sphere 
 Number C15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Hunter 
 Number C40: Gimmick Puppet of Dark Strings 
 Number C88: Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo 
 References 
 
 ↑   V Jump  Magazine, October 2011 Issue 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 43: " The Dragon Awakens " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 46: " Family Leave " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 55: " Portal of Doom " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 33: " Foolish Fans " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 58: " Swimming With Sharks " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 34: " Shark Bait " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 40: " About Hart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 41: " Losing Hart " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   11.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 44: " Rock and a Hard Place " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 49: " Crestfallen " 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 50: " Party Panic "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep51" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 56: " Cosmic Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 57: " Depths of Darkness " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 60: " Doctor Visit " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 64: " Change of Hart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 65: " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 67: " Sphere of Fear: Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 71: " A Trio's Challenge: Part III " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 112: " Memory Thief: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 113: " Memory Thief: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 114: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 115: " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   28.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 116: " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 117: " Now or Never, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 119: " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 120: " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 122: " Assimilation, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 124: " Battle with the Barians " 
 
 ↑  35.0   35.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 125: " Fight for a Friend " 
 
 ↑  36.0   36.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 126: " Farewell for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 127: " Settling the Score, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  38.0   38.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 128: " Settling the Score, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 68: " The Countdown Begins " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card is given by  Yuma Tsukumo  to Trey in  episode 113 .  Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "Yuma" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   This card is won from  Chironex  in  episode 115 . 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Kite Tenjo  in  episode 56 , but is later won back by Vetrix in  episode 64 . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   This card is won from  Kite Tenjo  in  episode 64  by Vetrix. 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Shark  in  episode 34 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/ArclightFamily.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150412051910', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Young_Tron%27s_Family.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120730182216', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Vetrixfam.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20201104023219', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/IV_provoking_Shark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111012095154', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Shark_infected_with_Numbers_Power.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111206232642', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/Tron%27s_Ritual_2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120131223020', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Trey%27s_Bracelet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130714124724']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Character groups