Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_019


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ   遊戯 デッキ (後編) 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Yūgi Dekki (Kōhen) 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Yugi's Deck (Part 2) 
 
 
 English 
 The King of the Copycats, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 019 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 9, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 18, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Seung Jin Bang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " 
 " The Maiden in Love " 
 
 
 
 
 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 ", known as " VS Yugi's Deck (Part 2) " in the Japanese version, is the nineteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 9, 2005 and in the United States on November 18, 2005.
 Jaden 's  Duel  against  Yugi Muto 's Deck, as used by  Dimitri , continues.  Unveiling more and more of Yugi's cards, Dimitri continually Summons monsters even stronger than " Dark Magician " (who was believed to be the strongest of the  Deck ).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Dimitri 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden Yuki  continues to struggle against  Yugi Muto 's Deck, as used by  Dimitri , who still has 4000  LP , while Jaden has been reduced to 1300. Dimitri has " Dark Magician of Chaos " on the field.  Bastion Misawa  doubts that Jaden will be able to find a way to make a comeback. 
 Jaden draws " Winged Kuriboh ", who seems eager to battle the monsters of his previous owner. Jaden Summons it in  Defense Position  and  Sets  a card. Dimitri opts to Summon the original " Kuriboh " in  Attack Position . Dimitri attacks Jaden's " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " with "Dark Magician of Chaos", but Jaden activates his  face-down  " Super Junior Confrontation ", which  negates  the attack and forces each of their weakest monsters to battle - in this case, "Winged Kuriboh" and "Kuriboh", with the latter destroying the former. "Super Junior Confrontation" then ends the  Battle Phase . Dimitri Sets a card to end his turn. 
 Jaden plays " Pot of Greed " to  draw  two cards, and then Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " before activating " Skyscraper " and  equipping  "Bubbleman" with " Bubble Blaster ", giving it an 800  ATK  boost. He attacks "Kuriboh", but Dimitri activates his face-down " Multiply ",  Tributing  "Kuriboh" to  Special Summon  four " Kuriboh Tokens " in Defense Position, one of which Jaden destroys with "Bubbleman" before Setting a card.
 Dimitri then activates " Card of Sanctity ", letting both players draw until they hold six cards. One of the cards Dimitri draws is " Watapon ", which is Special Summoned via its own effect. Dimitri Tributes it to Summon " Dark Magician Girl ", who gains 300 ATK due to the " Dark Magician " in Dimitri's  Graveyard . "Dark Magician of Chaos" attacks "Bubbleman", with "Bubble Blaster" being destroyed and the  battle damage  negated. "Dark Magician Girl" then attacks and destroys "Bubbleman". Bastion believes Jaden is now cornered and that the end is near. However, Jaden plays " Polymerization ",  fusing  "Burstinatrix" with the " Elemental HERO Avian " in his  hand  to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ". He then plays " The Warrior Returning Alive ",  adding  " Elemental HERO Sparkman " from his Graveyard to his hand and then Summoning it in Attack Position. Augmented by the power of "Skyscraper", Jaden destroys "Dark Magician of Chaos" with "Flame Wingman", reducing Dimitri from 4000 to 900 LP. "Sparkman" destroys a "Kuriboh Token" and Jaden then sets two cards, one of which he sends to the Graveyard with " Emergency Provisions " to gain 1000 LP. 
 Dimitri is unimpressed, and switches "Dark Magician Girl" to Defense Position before activating " Spider Web ", which lets him take "Emergency Provisions" from Jaden's Graveyard. He then Sets two cards and activates " Monster Reincarnation ",  discarding  a card to add "Kuriboh" from his Graveyard to his hand. He  chains  Jaden's "Emergency Provisions" from his hand, sending his two face-down cards and "Monster Reincarnation" to the Graveyard to gain 3000 LP. Jaden destroys "Dark Magician Girl" with "Flame Wingman, putting Dimitri back at 1600 LP after its effect  resolves . Jaden plays " De-Fusion ", Special Summoning "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" from his Graveyard while returning "Flame Wingman" to the  Fusion Deck . He destroys the last two "Kuriboh Tokens" with his newly Summoned monsters before attacking  directly  with "Sparkman", believing he's won, but Dimitri discards "Kuriboh", reducing the damage from the last attack to 0. 
 Dimitri declares he will show Jaden this Deck's true power, and states he is  removing  one  DARK  and one  LIGHT  monster in his Graveyard from play. Jaden,  Syrus Truesdale  and  Chumley Huffington  cannot think of a circumstance when this would Summon a monster, but Bastion realizes what Dimitri is doing. He explains that there are two cards that can be Summoned in this way: " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End " and " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning ". The former has been banned from official Duel Monsters tournaments due to its attack strength and powerful effect (just like its real-world counterpart). However, the second monster has not been similarly banned, as people doubted that any copies of it remained in existence. Removing "Kuriboh" and "Watapon" from play, Dimitri Summons the most powerful monster of Yugi's Deck: "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning". It attacks and destroys "Avian", leaving Jaden with 800 LP. Since it successfully destroyed a monster in battle, its effect permits it to have a second attack, and Dimitri declares an attack against "Burstinatrix", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Spirit ", causing the spirit of "Avian" to block the attack. Jaden explains that he can negate the attack and damage if an " Elemental HERO " had already been destroyed this turn. Jaden still believes he's done for, but the spirit of " Winged Kuriboh " manages to convince him to continue, helping him remember that he's not facing Yugi, just someone using his Deck.
 Jaden plays " Silent Doom ", Special Summoning "Avian" from his Graveyard in Defense Position. He then plays " Double Spell ", which lets him discard a  Spell Card  from his hand to use a Spell Card from his opponent's Graveyard. He chooses "Polymerization", fusing "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" on his  Field  to Fusion Summon "Flame Wingman" once more. With the boost from "Skyscraper", it destroys "Black Luster Soldier" and its effect reduces Dimitri's LP to 0. Dimitri collapses, and questions how he could still lose even with Yugi's Deck.  Zane Truesdale  and  Alexis Rhodes  appear. They reveal that they too had wanted to see the Deck early, and found the display case broken into. That led them outside, where they found the Duel. They chose not to stop it, and other students emerge from all around the surrounding cliffside. The Duel had attracted a large audience, and all are grateful for being able to see Yugi's Deck in a Duel, and amazed that Jaden defeated it. They also all agree not to turn Dimitri in, and are extremely impressed that he used that Deck as well as he did after having it for such a short amount of time. He still believes he'll never be a good Duelist, and Jaden and Zane give him some advice. He lost because he wasn't able to believe in his Deck, because it was never his to begin with. They tell him to create a new Deck, with his own strategies. Dimitri returns the Deck, but he also misinterprets the advice, believing he must perfect his imitations of others even more. The next day, he dresses just like Jaden, wearing a brown wig and  Slifer Red  uniform. He then proceeds to completely misquote Jaden's catchphrases and signature pose, much to Jaden's chagrin.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Dimitri 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Jaden has 1300 Life Points remaining and controls "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" (1200/800) in Defense Position.
 Dimitri has 4000 Life Points remaining and controls "Dark Magician of Chaos" (2800/2600) in Attack Position.
 Turn 11: Jaden 
Jaden  draws  " Winged Kuriboh " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (300/200) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 12: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws " Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/200) in  Attack Position . " Dark Magician of Chaos " attacks " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", but Jaden  activates  his face-down " Super Junior Confrontation " to  negate  the attack and force the weakest monster controlled by each player to battle each other instead. "Kuriboh" attacks and destroys "Winged Kuriboh". After the battle, "Super Junior Confrontation" ends the  Battle Phase . Dimitri then Sets a card.
 Turn 13: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. He Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " (800/1200) in Attack Position. He then activates " Skyscraper ". Now when an " Elemental HERO " monster battles a monster whose  ATK  is higher, it will gain 1000 ATK during damage calculation.
 Jaden then activates " Bubble Blaster ",  equipping  it to "Bubbleman" and increasing its ATK by 800 ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1600 ATK). "Bubbleman" attacks "Kuriboh", but Dimitri activates his face-down " Multiply " to  Tribute  "Kuriboh" and  Special Summon  four " Kuriboh Tokens " (300/200 each) in Defense Position. These tokens can't be Tributed for a  Tribute Summon . A  replay  occurs, and Jaden uses "Bubbleman" to attack and destroy one "Kuriboh Token". Jaden then Sets a card (" Polymerization ").
 Turn 14: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws " Card of Sanctity " and subsequently activates it to let both players draw until they're holding six cards (Dimitri draws five cards, one of which being " Watapon ", while Jaden draws six cards). Since Dimitri added "Watapon" from his Deck to his hand via a card effect, he Special Summons it (200/300) in Attack Position. Dimitri then  Tributes  "Watapon" to Tribute Summon " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Dark Magician Girl", it gains 300 ATK for each " Dark Magician " in either player's Graveyard. There is only one ("Dark Magician Girl": 2000 → 2300 ATK). 
 "Dark Magician of Chaos" attacks "Bubbleman", but Jaden destroys "Bubble Blaster" via its second effect to prevent his monster from being destroyed and reduce the Battle Damage he would take to 0 ("Bubbleman": 1600 → 800 ATK). "Dark Magician Girl" attacks "Bubbleman". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1800 ATK). "Dark Magician Girl" destroys "Bubbleman" (Jaden: 1300 → 800 LP).
 Turn 15: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates his face-down "Polymerization" to  fuse  "Burstinatrix" with " Elemental HERO Avian " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " The Warrior Returning Alive " to return " Elemental HERO Sparkman " from his Graveyard to his hand. Jaden then Normal Summons "Sparkman" (1600/1400) in Attack Position. 
 "Flame Wingman" attacks "Dark Magician of Chaos". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Flame Wingman": 2100 → 3100 ATK). "Flame Wingman" destroys "Dark Magician of Chaos" (Dimitri: 4000 → 3700 LP). After damage calculation, the effect of "Skyscraper" expires ("Flame Wingman": 3100 → 2100 ATK). Since "Flame Wingman" destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its effect activates, inflicting damage to Dimitri equal to the ATK of his destroyed monster (Dimitri: 3700 → 900 LP). "Sparkman" attacks and destroys another "Kuriboh Token". Jaden then Sets two cards. He then activates " Emergency Provisions " to send one of his set cards to the Graveyard and gain 1000  LP  (Jaden: 800 → 1800 LP).
 Turn 16: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws. He then switches "Dark Magician Girl" to Defense Position. Dimitri then activates " Spider Web " to add "Emergency Provisions" from Jaden's Graveyard to his hand. Dimitri then Sets two cards. He then activates " Monster Reincarnation ". Dimitri then activates "Emergency Provisions" and chains it to the activation of "Monster Reincarnation". The effects of both Spells resolve in reverse order. "Emergency Provisions" resolves first, sending "Monster Reincarnation" and Dimitri's two set cards to the Graveyard and increasing his LP by 1000 for each card sent this way (Dimitri: 900 → 3900 LP). The effect of "Monster Reincarnation" resolves next (since it was  sent  to the Graveyard without being negated), allowing Dimitri to add "Kuriboh" from his Graveyard to his hand by discarding one card.
 Turn 17: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Flame Wingman" attacks "Dark Magician Girl". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Flame Wingman": 2100 → 3100 ATK). "Flame Wingman" destroys "Dark Magician Girl". After damage calculation, the effect of "Skyscraper" expires ("Flame Wingman": 3100 → 2100 ATK). The effect of "Flame Wingman" then activates (Dimitri: 3900 → 1600 LP). 
 Jaden then activates " De-Fusion " to return "Flame Wingman" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon "Avian" (1000/1000) and "Burstinatrix" (1200/800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. "Burstinatrix" and "Avian" attack and destroy the last two "Kuriboh Tokens". "Sparkman" attacks  directly , but Dimitri discards "Kuriboh" from his hand via its own effect to make the  Battle Damage  he would take 0.
 Turn 18: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning ". He then removes from play "Kuriboh" (a  DARK  monster) and "Watapon" (a  LIGHT  monster) from his Graveyard to Special Summon "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" attacks "Avian". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Avian": 1000 → 2000 ATK). "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" then destroys "Avian" (Jaden: 1800 → 800 LP). 
 Since "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" destroyed a monster in battle, "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" may attack again. "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" attacks "Burstinatrix", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Spirit " to negate the attack as an "Elemental HERO" was already destroyed this turn.
 Turn 19: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Silent Doom " and subsequently activates it to Special Summon "Avian" (1000/1000) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. Jaden then activates " Double Spell " to discard a  Spell Card  and activate Dimitri's "Polymerization" as his card, allowing Jaden to fuse "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" to Fusion Summon "Flame Wingman" (2100/1200) in Attack Position. 
 "Flame Wingman" attacks "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning". The effect of "Skyscraper" activates ("Flame Wingman": 2100 → 3100 ATK). "Flame Wingman" destroys "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" (Dimitri: 1600 → 1500 LP). After damage calculation, the effect of "Skyscraper" expires ("Flame Wingman": 3100 → 2100 ATK). The effect of "Flame Wingman" then activates (Dimitri: 1500 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The dub cuts a short scene after " Dark Magician Girl " is Summoned, in which  Sho  blushes horribly. "Dark Magician Girl" then flirtatiously winks at him, and he blushes even more, before stating he almost wants to root for  Kagurazaka  (Dimitri) because of her.
 A short scene after her destruction is also cut, in which Sho tearfully says goodbye to her by saying "Sayonara, Black Magician Girl". 
 Dimitri makes several references to the  Heart of the Cards  in the dub, which was not present in the Japanese, as that term was never used. 
 In the dub, Dimitri developed delusions of actually being  Yugi Muto  in the  previous episode  and in this one actually mentions "his" memories of  Battle City  (when Yugi used "Kuriboh" to protect himself against " Obelisk The Tormentor " in  episode 131  of the  original series , which "Kuriboh" mirrors by coming out of the  Duel Disk " the same way). In the Japanese version, he begins to do so during this episode, even telling " Kuriboh " that he chose its spirit for himself thousands of years ago. 
 In the Japanese version, the reason for " Black Luster Solder - Envoy of the Beginning " not being banned isn't specified, but the dub clarifies that it is because the card is so rare that many people doubt any copies still even exist. It is likely that "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" not being banned in the Japanese version was to reflect the current real life situation; when the episode first aired in Japan, the  September 2004 Lists  were in effect. The banlist made " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End "  Forbidden  but " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning "  Limited  ("Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" would later be Forbidden and then Limited again). 
 In the dub, the music used for Dimitri (as Yugi) is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters  since it differs somewhat from the music usually used during the original series (though some of the music used for Yugi's monsters are kept from the original series). 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 De-Fusion 
 Double Spell 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Silent Doom 
 Skyscraper 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Hero Spirit 
 Super Junior Confrontation 
 
 Dimitri Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician of Chaos 
 Kuriboh 
 Watapon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card of Sanctity 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Multiply 
 Polymerization 
 Spider Web 
 
 Bastion's explanation Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/Series019.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121011021243', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes