Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_158


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 158 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 さらばデュエルアカデミア！十代の選ぶ道 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Saraba Dyueru Academia! Judai No Erabu Michi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses 
 
 
 Number 
 158 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 24, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Meteor B. Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " 
 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " 
 
 
 
 
 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " is the one hundred and fifty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 24, 2007. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on August 23, 2016.
 Jaden  contemplates leaving  Duel Academy , as his friends investigate who burned the room of "defective" cards. Jaden again  Duels  the black-clad man, who calls himself  Trueman . Elsewhere,  Atticus  appears to be having nightmares, and  Yusuke Fujiwara  continues his mysterious activity.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Navigation 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 The episode starts with  Jaden  at the same volcano he first  Dueled   Nightshroud  at. This time, he is Dueling  the mysterious man from earlier , who has a " Meteor B. Dragon " on the field. He attacks  directly , and Jaden questions how he got himself into this situation. At this point, time flashes back, and it reveals how Jaden came to be in his current predicament.
 Jaden questions  Yusuke Fujiwara , who disappears in a burst of light after discovering that Jaden can resist his mind control techniques. However, he leaves behind a small, rainbow-tinted feather, which Jaden grabs. He takes out the cell phone he had previously received, and calls someone, telling them to do background check on Yusuke Fujiwara. At the school,  Chazz ,  Alexis ,  Syrus  and  Hassleberry  survey the damage the fire caused, with all of them stating that they have some idea who might have started the fire, but can't seem remember the person's name. Syrus goes to get Jaden, believing he can help.
 At the  Abandoned Dorm , Fujiwara kneels down by a small circle on the ground, and believes something horrible happened here. At the  Obelisk Blue  dorm,  Atticus  begins to remember things he had previously forgotten. He recalls rushing into the Abandoned Dorm and finding Fujiwara there, wearing the same mask that Atticus himself would one day dawn under Nightshroud's possession. Fujiwara claims he's discovered the power of Darkness, and that he has cut his hand open. Blood drips onto a circle on the floor and Fujiwara appears to vanish into darkness. Atticus wakes up, and questions whether that was a dream or a memory of a real event. He gets up, and goes to a cabinet, where he keeps the  Nightshroud's mask card .
 At the  Slifer Red  dorm, Jaden comments that it's time for him to go. Later, his friends arrive to talk to him, but he is not in his room at all. Hassleberry states they can't rely on him anymore. Since returning from  the other dimension , Jaden has changed, and seems to be avoiding them. In  Chancellor Sheppard 's office, Jaden informs Sheppard at the he's leaving, and Sheppard questions why - he'll be graduating in less than half a year. Jaden replies that he doesn't wish to cause  Duel Academy  any more trouble. As he turns to leave, the phone rings, and Sheppard answers. It's for Jaden, and Sheppard tells him there's someone who wishes to meet with him before his departure. Sheppard states that if Jaden doesn't go meet with them, then he won't accept Jaden's request to withdraw from Duel Academy.
 
       Jaden  talks with  Kagemaru  and  Sartorius .     
 Jaden walks near the volcano, and a helicopter lands near him.  Sartorius  exits, pushing  Kagemaru  in a wheelchair. Surprised to see them, Jaden asks why they called him here. Kagemaru replies that the matter is important, but that wanted to avoid eavesdroppers. Kagemaru reveals that they have need Jaden's help with something. Jaden replies that he's leaving the island, and that they should ask someone else. Kagemaru says that what's happened is not Jaden's fault. Sartorius reveals that he had a premonition and called Chairman Kagemaru about it. This is odd, as when  The Light of Destruction  left Sartorius, it took his powers with it. Kagemaru says that his research time uncovered evidence that something would soon take place on the island, a tremendous release of energy, similar to an earthquake.
 Sartorius states his theory - the incidents of the previous years - the revival of the  Sacred Beasts , the attack by The Light of Destruction, and  Yubel 's rampage across the dimension all centered on this island. Due to this, pressure has built up, and another incident will soon occur when the pressure releases. Kagemaru says that Jaden leaving will not stop the event from happening - and thus he requests that he stay to help. He also theorizes that this is their punishment for misusing Duel Monsters. Sartorius also states that they know that Jaden is fused with Yubel. The ground begins to shake, and the black-clad man Jaden previously Dueled appears to literally rip a hole into the fabric of the dimension and steps out, with the hole closing behind him. Jaden asks who he is, and the man replies that it's difficult to say, as he has no name. He suggests he be called  Trueman , as he speaks the truth, or Mr. T for short.
 Trueman states that the three of them have come too close to the truth, and that he must eliminate them. Jaden urges Kagemaru, Sartorius, and their bodyguards to leave, while Jaden distracts Trueman, who uses his power to cause the volcano to shoot flaming rocks at the helicopter. Jaden activates his  Duel Disk , and Summons " Elemental Hero Neos ". Jaden's eyes briefly glow the yellow of  The Supreme King , before turning the same bichromatic style as Yubel's. Neos' spirit manifests itself physically and shoots beams of energy at the rocks, protecting the helicopter. Neos fires another beam at Trueman himself, who disappears, reappearing in a different spot and appearing to manifest out of black Duel Monsters cards. He activates his Duel Disk. The ground around Jaden begins to fall, leaving him with only a small amount of space, with sheer drops into lava to three sides of him, and Trueman blocking the fourth.
 The Duel begins, and Trueman plays the same seemingly suicidal strategy as last time, damaging his own Life Points to Summon powerful monsters via " Dark Archetype ". However, he also uses " Draining Shield " to circumvent some of the damage. He ultimately Summons "Meteor B. Dragon", and Jaden wins using " Soul Union " to increase the  ATK  of "Neos". Trueman disappears in a puff of black cards again. Then it shows Trueman conversing with what is seemingly a clone of himself. They comment that Jaden is much more powerful than expected. Jaden receives another phone call, and his contact is revealed to be  Axel Brodie , who has Jaden's requested information about Yusuke Fujiwara. He was a Duel Academy student - one of those who vanished at what is now the Abandoned Dorm. Atticus has now journeyed to the Abandoned Dorm, and Fujiwara reveals himself to him.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Trueman 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Elemental Hero Sparkman " (1600/1400) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Trueman 
Trueman draws " Dark Archetype " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/400) in Attack Position. He then  activates  " Power Gift " to send " Molten Zombie " (1600/400) from his  hand  to the Graveyard and increase the ATK of "Elemental Hero Sparkman" by the ATK of "Molten Zombie" ("Sparkman": 1600 → 3200/1400). "Dark Archetype" attacks "Sparkman". "Sparkman" then destroys "Dark Archetype" (Trueman 4000 → 2200). At the end of the Damage Step, the last effect of "Power Gift" destroys "Sparkman".
 Trueman then activates the effect of "Dark Archetype" to send " Twinheaded Beast " from his hand to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Meteor Dragon " (1800/2000) in Attack Position. "Meteor Dragon" attacks  directly  (Jaden 4000 → 2200). Trueman then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Clayman ". Jaden's hand contains " A Hero Emerges ", "Fusion Shot", " Elemental Hero Bubbleman ", " Polymerization ", " Elemental Hero Neos ", and "Elemental Hero Clayman". Jaden activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" with "Elemental Hero Clayman" in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Mudballman " (1900/3000) in Attack Position.
 "Mudballman" attacks "Meteor Dragon", but Trueman activates his face-down " Draining Shield " to negate the attack and increase his  Life Points  by the ATK of "Mudballman" (Trueman 2200 → 4100). Jaden then activates " Fusion Shot " and equips it to "Mudballman". Now once per turn, Jaden can  remove from play  one of "Mudballman's"  Fusion Material Monsters  from his Graveyard and inflict the removed monster's ATK as  damage  to Trueman. Jaden activates the second effect of "Fusion Shot" by removing from play "Clayman" from his Graveyard (Trueman 4100 → 3300). Jaden then sets a card.
 Turn 4: Trueman 
Trueman draws "Polymerization" and subsequently activates it to fuse "Meteor Dragon" with " King of the Swamp " (who acts as the substitute for " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " due to its own effect) in order to Fusion Summon " Meteor B. Dragon " (3500/2000) in Attack Position. "Meteor B. Dragon" attacks and destroys "Mudballman" (Jaden 2200 → 600).
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws a card and subsequently sets it.
 Turn 6: Trueman 
Trueman draws. "Meteor B. Dragon" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down "A Hero Emerges" to force Trueman to choose a random card from Jaden's hand. Jaden reveals the only card in his hand is "Elemental Hero Neos", so the latter monster is Special Summoned (2500/2000) in Attack Position. A  replay  occurs, and Trueman uses "Meteor B. Dragon" to attack "Elemental Hero Neos", but Jaden activates his face-down " Soul Union " to target "Mudballman" from his Graveyard and increase the ATK of "Elemental Hero Neos" by "Mudballman's" ATK ("Neos": 2500 → 4400/2000). "Neos" then destroys "Meteor B. Dragon" (Trueman 3300 → 2400).
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Elemental Hero Neos" attacks directly (Trueman 2400 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Burned cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Charcoal Inpachi 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mermaid Knight Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 D.3.S. Frog  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Nobleman of Extermination 
 Traps 
 Des Counterblow 
 Riryoku Field 
 Staunch Defender 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Mudballman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fusion Shot 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Soul Union 
 
 Trueman Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Meteor Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Archetype 
 King of the Swamp 
 Molten Zombie 
 Twinheaded Beast Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Meteor B. Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Power Gift 
 Traps 
 Draining Shield 
 
 Atticus Rhodes Other   *  Nightshroud 
 Navigation 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Series158.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121117045608', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/Jaden%2C_Kagemaru_and_Sartorius.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121117045935']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes