Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_044


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 044 
 
 
 
 
 Sora  returns with  company . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 紫 雲 院   素 良 、 襲 来 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shiun'in Sora, Shūrai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Sora Shiun'in, Storms Forth!! 
 
 
 English 
 Danger Zones 
 
 
 Number 
 044 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 11, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 22, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 7, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryo Tamura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Michio Sato 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fire And Ice " 
 " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 
 
 
 " Danger Zones ", known as " Sora Shiun'in, Storms Forth!! " in the Japanese version, is the forty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 22, 2015 and in Australia on January 11, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on November 19, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 The Entertainment Duel between  Zuzu  and  Dennis  starts. On the other hand,  Yuya  meets  Shay  at the  Ancient Ruins  Area. As they exchange questions with each other, they are suddenly attacked by the  Knights of the Duel Disks  members and blasted away. Furthermore,  a Duelist who had previously gone missing  appears again in front of them. The destinies and mysteries behind everything starts to move once more.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Zuzu Boyle vs. Dennis McField 
 2.2   Ashley vs. Bram vs. Carl 
 2.3   Olga and Halil vs. Reed Pepper 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Nico Smiley  is recapping the progress of the  Arc League Championship  Junior division's  Battle Royal  which will determine who progresses. In the volcanic area,  Yuya Sakaki  of the You Show Duel School teamed up with  Leo Institute  exchange student  Dennis McField  to beat  Taka  and  Nagi  of the  Bandit Warrior Academy . In the blizzard area, two separate duels merged into one tag duel, in which  Zuzu Boyle  of You Show Duel School was helped out by  Gong Strong  of the  Strong Dojo , beating Leo Institute exchange students  Halil  and  Olga . In the ravaged area,  Shay Obsidian  of the Leo Institute beat three members of the overseas  Knights of the Duel Disks  school at once. As the fierce battles continue, Nico decides to hear what the spectators have to say, and the female host who commentated on the Youth rounds earlier in the tournament, is at the stands acknowledging Nico's request. She first interviews  Skip Boyle , the principal of You Show Duel School, noting that two of his students have already won a duel each at this stage. Skip starts saying something, then realizes he's on camera, only to be interrupted by  Tate ,  Allie  and  Frederick  who barge in front of him and express their support for Yuya and Zuzu. The interviewer moves on to Yuya's mother,  Yoko , who says she's pleased for her son, but, blushing, wants to see more people like Dennis and  Reed Pepper . Everyone around her stares in a mixture of embarrassment and dejection.
 Meanwhile, Halil is tailing Olga through the forest area after they lost the tag duel against Zuzu and Gong. Halil tries to convince Olga to be his friend, but, possibly still angered by her loss, Olga refuses to team up with Halil. Suddenly, Halil spots two  Pendulum Cards  on a rock in front of him. He decides to test his new friendship by offering Olga one of the two cards. But as Halil touches the cards, they float away from him. Halil wonders why the cards are acting like that (in the dub, he claims that a genie cast a spell on them), and chases after them with Olga. They find the two cards on a stone behind a hedge, and Halil goes to claim them. Suddenly, the cards are hooked by a pair of fishing lines. Olga and Halil look to their left and see someone with a fishing rod standing on a much bigger rock. Their challenger beckons  Reed  to show himself. As Reed shows up in front of Olga and Halil, Reed offers the two of them his hospitality due to them being from overseas: a duel. When Reed's face shows up at the stadium live feeds, numerous fans squeal including Yoko. Meanwhile, the man with the rod, known as  Trout , is pleased with himself that he's been able to snag Pendulum Cards without having to duel, since he has a lot of bait. Trout recalls how his alliance with Reed festered; Reed promised to duel Trout's challengers as a means of showing his hospitality. Trout then thinks to himself, since Reed is the actual winner of the waged cards when he duels, Trout can then challenge him with the forced wager of all his cards. For now, he cheers on Reed.
 Unfortunately, the watching You Show Youths sense this partnership at work already. Halil and Olga wonders if Reed is fine with dueling both of them by himself, and Reed confirms, so the 2-on-1 duel begins, as announced by Nico to the stadium audience. However, Nico then momentarily sees that Zuzu has moved to the volcano area where Yuya had won his duel. Zuzu, having searched for a while already, realizes that he isn't there, and a voice confirms, saying that he had moved out. Zuzu sees Dennis on top of a stone pillar in front of her, not knowing who he is. Dennis introduces himself as a Leo Institute exchange student and Yuya's friend. Zuzu is surprised to hear this. Dennis leaps off the pillar and lands on the ground behind Zuzu, saying that everybody he duels becomes a friend. Zuzu interprets this as Dennis having dueled Yuya, but Dennis clarifies that they dueled together, and couldn't believe how well they clicked on just their first partnership. Cornering Zuzu against the pillar, Dennis addresses her by name and challenges her. Zuzu is even more surprised that Dennis knows her name. Dennis says he knows that the principal of You Show Duel School has a daughter that attends, and states his aspiration to become a  dueltainer  like  Yusho Sakaki . Dennis pulls out a rose to offer Zuzu.
 At that point, Skip gets angry over what he just saw, although Allie and Frederick appear to have been captivated by Dennis. Yoko squeals, only to be interrupted by Skip. Back at the volcano area, Zuzu accepts Dennis' challenge with a smile, saying that she's interested in what he has to offer as a dueltainer. As they face each other on a bridge above a lava flow, Zuzu proposes that they wager two Pendulum Cards each, since they both have one victory at this stage. " Good idea! " says Dennis in English, and the duel gets underway. Dennis offers Zuzu the first turn but she rejects, asking for what he can show her first. Thus, he Special Summons " Performage Stilts Launcher " because he doesn't control a monster. Then, he sets a card before activating the left  Pendulum Scale  with " Pendulumstatue Yellow Scarab ". Zuzu wonders why he isn't setting both scales. Dennis explains that his monster's  Pendulum Effect  grants his "Performage Stilts Launcher" 300 more ATK. He also explains that it can be useful to set a single Pendulum Scale when you don't have two Pendulum Cards for the  Pendulum Summon . 
 When Dennis ends his turn, Zuzu begins to wonder if he really didn't have another Pendulum Card in his hand. She draws, and confidently declares that her Pendulum Scales be set with " Pendulumstatue White Butterfly " and " Pendulumstatue White Flower ". Using the standard chant, she Pendulum Summons " Soprano the Melodious Songstress " and " Tamtam the Melodious Diva ". Using the former's effect, she performs a  Fusion Summon  without " Polymerization ", bringing out "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" like she did in her previous duel. Nico notes the successful Pendulum Fusion, marvelling at Zuzu's strategy.  Clicking his fingers, Dennis also praises, saying " Fantastic! " in English ("I dig the moves you're making!" in the dub), and marvelling the development of You Show Duel School's students. Zuzu is not interested in Dennis' praises at the moment, for which Dennis apologizes. Since "Tamtam the Melodious Diva" was used as  Fusion Material , her effect activates, decreasing her Fusion Monster's ATK by 500 and inflicting Dennis with 500 points of  burn . With that, Zuzu promptly engages her monster in battle, ordering her to attack "Performage Stilts Launcher". Since the attack target of "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" was Special Summoned, her battle reversal effects apply, hitting Dennis for 2000 more points of damage and destroying "Performage Stilts Launcher". Dennis is knocked back but manages to stay on his feet. He acknowledges that Zuzu's monster is nothing ordinary (in the dub, he says that he couldn't survive an encore, even if he asked for it). 
 Dennis sees an Action Card on the rail behind him, so he takes it and activates it, a "Flame Ball" which Zuzu knows isn't going to hurt her. Dennis decides to count to three in English, and when he reaches three, the flame ball momentarily disappears, then explodes in front of Zuzu, causing her to squeal as she's knocked back, although she lands on her knees. Zuzu finds her LP down to 2000. Dennis asks if she's okay, and explains that he banished "Performage Stilts Launcher" from his  Graveyard  in order to transform "Flame Ball's" effect, which now inflicted damage equal to the highest amount of damage he took, which was 2000. In the stadium, Nico notes the counter-strategy Dennis pulled off. Behind Skip, Yoko parodies his "get fired up" lines while clearly supporting Dennis. This annoys Skip, so Yoko turns to the other screen showing Reed's 1-on-2 duel, parodying Frederick's "shivers" line this time. However, Nico then notices a new face in the ravaged area: that of Yuya Sakaki. 
 Yuya is wandering around the ruins when he sees, and finally comes face-to-face with,  Shay Obsidian . With a sense of urgency, Yuya tells Shay he's been wanting to ask many things. Shay says the same thing. Gritting his teeth, he asks for the whereabouts of  Yuto . While the You Show Youths wonder who Yuto is,  Declan , who is watching the duels unfold at his Leo Institute boardroom, also listens intently as Shay accuses Yuya of interfering in a duel between Yuto and  Sora Perse , after which Yuto disappeared. Yuya tries to speak up, but Shay clenches his fist, knowing Yuya did something to Yuto otherwise he wouldn't have had his card, " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". Yuya tries to protest that he knew nothing. But he remembers what Yuto said to him, and wants to uphold his wish (in the dub, he simply says that Yuto gave it to him). Just then, he hears a voice declaring a direct attack. Both Yuya and Shay shield themselves, after seeing that a duelist dressed as a knight has appeared. A similarly-dressed duelist speaks from the other side as the aforementioned knight's opponent. Controlling a copy of the monster that attacked, the knight's opponent says that it can nullify the battle damage he takes. 
 Shay sees that the Knights of the Duel Disks have returned, and are persistent.  Ashley , the one that controls the " Slash the Assault Knight " that was attacked, agrees to kick Yuya and Shay out, and has his "Slash the Assault Knight" attack. Yuya and Shay dodge once more, prompting a third duelist, who controls a third "Slash the Assault Knight", to use his copy's effect to nullify damage. Shay thinks that the Knights of the Duel Disks are intentionally trying to hurt him. Yuya wonders why (in the dub, he calls them snakes). Ashley prompts his colleagues,  Carl  and  Bram , to continue the cycle in which their "Slash the Assault Knight" monsters attack each other directly but defend their controllers' Life Points, until their two witnesses crumble. Bram agrees, saying that if the witnesses want to join the duel, they'll have to start on 2000 Life Points. With that, his "Slash the Assault Knight" attacks, with Yuya and Shay appearing to be unable to dodge this time. Shay is thrown onto the side of a pillar, while Yuya lands on another but then falls off, just about managing to hold on with his left hand. The You Show team do not like what they're seeing. Ashley and Bram says that they are following the rules, and corner Shay once more. Yuya manages to climb on the pillar he's hanging on to, unable to help Shay. Just then, he sees three helmeted figures running left to right on the road in front of him, and wonders who they are. 
 From the Leo Institude boardroom,  Claude  and  Declan  notice the figures running about in the ravaged area. Declan immediately orders the ravaged area to be cut off from broadcast. This prompts a few murmurs from the audience in the stadium. Allie wonders why one of the screens cut off, and Nico, who himself only sees what is happening, struggles to provide a coherent explanation. He tries to get the audience to see Zuzu and Dennis' duel at the volcano area, where it's still Zuzu's turn. She plays the  Continuous Spell Card  " Slow Tempo ", preventing monsters from attacking during the turn they are Normal Summoned or flipped face-up (the latter of which isn't mentioned in the dub). She ends her turn.
 Dennis sees that the Spell is meant to protect Zuzu's monster from being attacked by Normal Summoned monsters, since her effect doesn't apply to those. Nevertheless, he knows that it's what makes the show more exciting. Dennis begins his turn by twirling as he draws his next card. He drew the Pendulum Card he was looking for, " Pendulumstatue Blue Whale ", thus places it on his right scale. Completing the standard Pendulum Summon chant, he clicks his fingers and brings out " Performage Damage Juggler " and " Performage Flame Eater ". He then proceeds to stack the two monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Performage Trapeze Magician ". Zuzu sees an Xyz Summon being performed against her for the first time, and gasps. Meanwhile,  Celina  looks on from a distance, and spots the girl that people had been mistaking her for. 
 At the cut-off ravaged area, the three helmeted figures arrive at the place where the Knights of the Duel Disks have been surrounding Shay. Yuya recoils in horror when he sees who's following them. Shay also spots this person as well: a young boy consuming his lollipop. Wasting no time, Sora declares that he's been looking forward to finally settling this, and addresses Shay by his full name. Sora hears Yuya calling out to him, but he pays no heed and has the three helmeted figures attend to the knights instead. Yuya, not pleased at what he hears, climbs down from the pillar he's on. Carl confronts the three figures, and Ashley demands to know who they are. The leading one tells them that they are the  Obelisk Force , and force the three knights into a Battle Royal with them. Claude and Declan are now the only outsiders aware of the situation in the ravaged area.
 Meanwhile, Dennis has his "Performage Trapeze Magician" attack Zuzu's "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir". Aware of the opposing monster's effect, Dennis tells Zuzu that his monster is an entertainer; it's able to shield its controller from effect damage that amounts to less than or equal to its ATK. Zuzu reminds Dennis of her monster's other effect, but Dennis is ready for that as well. With the spotlights on him, he counts to three and another explosion of pink smoke occurs, revealing a trick box. "Performage Trapeze Magician" grabs "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" and enters the trick box with her. It disappears, then "Performage Trapeze Magician" emerges on Zuzu's side of the field. Looking at "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" now facing her, Zuzu demands to know what happened. Dennis says it's because of the " Trick Box "  Trap Card  which he activated. It prevents his monster from being destroyed by battle or card effect once during the Battle Phase, and also negates its effects, but in exchange, he must swap control of it with an opposing monster (in the dub, he simply explains that he switched their monsters, which he never successfully attempted during a duel before). Now, with "Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir" under Dennis' control, he orders it to attack "Performage Trapeze Magician". Zuzu is blown away by her own monster's performance, and shrieks. As her Life Points fall to 0, the risk to her own life increases as she nears a fall into the lava below. Dennis is prepared, and jumps off the railings to catch Zuzu. She opens her eyes just in time to see her and Dennis still falling towards the lava, wondering what Dennis has in mind. He responds by explaining "Trick Box's" other effect. Monsters whose control were switched by "Trick Box" that are then destroyed, re-emerge on the owner's side of the field. As a result, "Performage Trapeze Magician" saves both Dennis and Zuzu from a surely life-ending fall into lava. 
 The audience cheer as Nico Smiley announces the winner of the duel between Zuzu and Dennis, remarking how Dennis wowed the crowd with his entertainment. Skip is annoyed that somebody he doesn't know is touching his daughter. Yoko responds nonchalantly. Back at the volcano area, Zuzu entrusts Dennis with the two Pendulum Cards that she wagered. Dennis says that they've become friends following the duel, and says that they should both keep winning so that they can face each other again. Suddenly, a voice warns Dennis that he just had his final victory. Celina shows up behind Dennis and Zuzu, determined to crush the former once and for all. Zuzu is shocked to see a likeness of her face in front of her, and wonders if that's the " Lulu " person she was mistaken for previously. Dennis asks if they are twins. 
 Meanwhile, feed to stadium from the volcano area is cut off, prompting more groans from the audience. While Nico tries to allay the emotion of the crowd, Declan and Claude know they were responsible for the cutoff. Declan subsequently addresses the Senior division quarter-finalists who have gathered in a Leo Institute meeting room, calling them to join the battle. 
 At the ravaged area, Shay leads Sora into a seemingly-intact ancient building for their final showdown. Yuya starts hopping off the pillars to give chase, not accepting Sora's course of action. Meanwhile, the three Knights of the Duel Disks have fallen to the Obelisk Force. They laugh at the lack of standards for a  Standard Dimension  duelist. Yuya, however, stops at a pillar to see the three Knights having just been defeated, and gets a vision. He sees people running away from a blaze of destruction. Then suddenly, with his vision restored, a horrifying sight befalls him. Carl has been sealed away in a card. Ashley and Bram cry out for their comrade, saying it's against the rules (in the dub, they tell Obelisk Force to bring him back).  Yuya mutters under his breath as he watches the Obelisk Force advance on the other two Knights, and turn them into cards as well. At this point he screams. 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Zuzu Boyle vs. Dennis McField 
       Dennis vs. Yuzu     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Dennis 
Since there are no  monsters  on the  field ,  Dennis   Special Summons  " Performage Stilts Launcher " (2200/0) from his hand in  Attack Position  via its own  effect . Dennis  Sets  a card. He then activates " Pendulumstatue Yellow Scarab " (   10) in his left  Pendulum Zone . Dennis  activates  its  Pendulum Effect , increasing the  ATK  of all  Spellcaster - Type  monsters on the field by 300 ("Stilts Launcher": 2200 → 2500).
 Turn 2: Zuzu 
 Zuzu   draws  " Pendulumstatue White Butterfly " and subsequently activates it (   3) and " Pendulumstatue White Flower " (   9) in her Pendulum Zones. Zuzu  Pendulum Summons  " Soprano the Melodious Songstress " (1400/1400) and " Tamtam the Melodious Diva " (1000/2000) from her hand in Attack Position. She then activates the effect of "Soprano", allowing her to  Fusion Summon  a  Fusion Monster  using "Soprano" and other monsters she controls and from her hand as  Fusion Material Monsters . She  fuses  "Tam-tam" and "Soprano" to Fusion Summon " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir " (1000/2000) in Attack Position. As "Tam-tam" was used as a Fusion Material, its effect reduces the ATK of "Bloom Diva" by 500 (1000 → 500) and then inflicts 500  damage  to her opponent (Dennis: 4000 → 3500 LP). "Bloom Diva"  attacks  "Stilts Launcher". Its effect activates since it is  battling  a  Special Summoned  monster. "Stilts Launcher" is  destroyed  and Dennis takes the  battle damage  she would've taken (Dennis: 3500 → 1500 LP). Dennis finds and activates the  Action Card  " Flame Ball ", which would inflict 200 damage to Yuzu. As a  Spell Card  was activated that would inflict damage to his opponent and he took effect damage this  turn . He  banishes  "Stilts Launcher" from his  Graveyard  to make that damage equal to the highest effect damage he took this turn. As he took 2000 damage from the effect of "Bloom Diva", Yuzu receives the same amount of damage (Zuzu: 4000 → 2000 LP). [Notes 1]  Yuzu activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Slow Tempo ", preventing any  Normal Summoned  or Set monsters from attacking during the turn they are Normal Summoned or Set.
 Turn 3: Dennis 
Dennis draws " Pendulumstatue Blue Whale " and subsequently activates it (   2) in his right Pendulum Zone. Dennis Pendulum Summons " Performage Damage Juggler " (1500/1000) and " Performage Flame Eater " (1200/1600) from his hand in Attack Position. He then  overlays  his two  Level  4 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Performage Trapeze Magician " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. "Trapeze Magician" attacks "Bloom Diva", with the effect of "Bloom Diva" activating, which would destroy "Trapeze Magician" and inflict the battle damage to Dennis. The effect of "Trapeze Magician" reduces the damage to 0. [Notes 1]  Because a monster he controls would be destroyed by a card effect during the  Battle Phase , Dennis activates his  face-down  " Trick Box ", preventing the monster's destruction and  negating  its effects and then switching control of it with a monster his opponent controls. "Bloom Diva" switches to Dennis, while "Trapeze Magician" switches to Yuzu. "Bloom Diva" attacks "Trapeze Magician", with the effect of "Bloom Diva" activating, destroying "Trapeze Magician" and inflicting the battle damage Dennis would've taken to Yuzu (Zuzu: 2000 → 0 LP).
 
 Ashley vs. Bram vs. Carl 
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Ashley ,  Bram  and  Carl  each  control  one " Slash the Assault Knight " (???/???) in  Attack Position .
 Carl's turn 
"Slash the Assault Knight"  attacks  Ashley  directly  via its  effect . Ashley activates the  effect  of his own "Slash the Assault Knight", reducing the  battle damage  to 0. In doing so, the attack hits  Yuya  and  Shay , who are in the middle of them. The attack deals no  Life Point  damage to them, but physically harms them. In addition, they may not counterattack, as doing so would be interfering with a Duel that has already started, and thus would incur a 2000 Life Point penalty on them.
 Ashley's turn 
"Slash the Assault Knight" attacks Bram directly via its effect. Bram activates the effect of his own "Slash the Assault Knight", reducing the battle damage to 0.
 Bram's turn 
"Slash the Assault Knight" attacks Carl directly via its effect. Carl activates the effect of his own "Slash the Assault Knight", reducing the battle damage to 0.
 The Duel ends with no result when  Obelisk Force  arrives. Carl, Ashley and Bram subsequently lose to three members of Obelisk Force and are sealed into cards.
 
 Olga and Halil vs. Reed Pepper 
         Olga and Halil vs. Reed     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Soprano the Melodious Songstress 
 Tamtam the Melodious Diva 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue White Butterfly 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Slow Tempo 
 
 Dennis McField Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performage Damage Juggler 
 Performage Flame Eater 
 Performage Stilts Launcher 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Blue Whale 
 Pendulumstatue Yellow Scarab Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Performage Trapeze Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Trick Box 
 
 Trout Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Shield 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Sword 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fairy 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 Pendulumstatue White Butterfly 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower 
 Pendulumstatue Yellow Scarab 
 
 Ashley, Bram and Carl Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Slash the Assault Knight  x3 
 
 Obelisk Force Other   *  Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Action Card Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flame Ball 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight  (multiple) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Zones dangereuses
 
 
  German 
 Gefahrenzonen
 
 
  Italian 
 Zone Pericolose
 
 
  Korean 
 최하늘의 습격!!
 
 
  Thai 
 ชิอุนอิน โซระ บุกแล้ว!!
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   The written Japanese anime lore of " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir " inflicts  battle damage  through a  card effect , not  effect damage . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/ArcV_044.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150222145735', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Dennis_VS_Yuzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150222143611', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/Olga_and_Halil_VS_Michio.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150222143539', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes