Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_061


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 061 
 
 
 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu  falls into disgrace. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ドローを捨てた男 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dorō o Suteta Otoko 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Man who Threw Away his Draws 
 
 
 English 
 Hero's Fall 
 
 
 Number 
 061 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 21, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 7, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 September 10, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 " The Great Escape " 
 
 
 
 
 " Hero's Fall ", known as " The Man who Threw Away his Draws " in the Japanese version, is the sixty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 21, 2015 and in Canada October 7, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 10, 2017. The dubbed version became exclusive to Hulu in the US on January 2018.
 While the people of the  Facility  watch on,  Yuya  and  Chojiro Tokumatsu  began their intense Duel. As  Crow  observes the Duel, he begins speaking about the feelings that Tokumatsu used to cherish.
Using the "Tokumatsu Lethal Combo" that allows him to draw and cut away Life Points, Chojiro drives Yuya into a corner. However Yuya wants to show the possibilities of Dueling to Tokumatsu and using his Dueltaining style, Yuya stands against Tokumatsu's Lethal Combo!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Errors 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Duel between Yuya Sakaki and Chojiro Tokumatsu continues. Chojiro notes that he has sealed away Yuya's  Pendulum Summons  with a single  floodgate . With a 3000 ATK monster ready to be unleashed, Chojiro doubts his opponent will be able to turn this around. 
 Crow  is among the spectators, along with  Shinji Weber ,  Gong ,  Dennis  and  Sylvio . Crow is not pleased that "Enjoy Chojiro ("Hero Chojiro" in the dub)" has changed. Yuya is surprised at the name, but Chojiro is annoyed to hear himself being called by a former moniker. The other inmates know that those who lose against their boss, lose their cards as well. That's why they now call him "Autumn Rain Chojiro ("Kingpin Chojiro" in the dub)" instead, because they will cry so hard. They look forward to seeing Yuya lose his deck and cry a rain of tears as well. 
 Yuya sets a monster and ends his turn. Chojiro notes that his " Fraud Freeze " doesn't affect  Normal Summons  or  Sets , but still suggests that Yuya get an umbrella ready (the Summoning methods aren't mentioned in the dub). As Chojiro begins his turn, he chooses to skip his  Draw Phase . Yuya gasps, because this means he'll take 1500 damage on his next draw. Chojiro silences the other inmates when they cheer, saying that he doesn't need their support. He only needs to win, to prove he's among the elite. Sylvio doesn't agree, he thinks cheers helps one win. Gong retorts, saying that what Sylvio said only applies to himself (in the dub, Gong calls Sylvio a D-lister). Chojiro continues, and offers to spare Yuya with half of his cards if he surrenders. Yuya says that Chojiro has merely prepared his combo, not his victory; before then, he still has a chance. This leaves Chojiro with no choice but to force the truth on Yuya. Chojiro has " Flower Cardian Lightshower " attack Yuya's face-down, before ending his turn. 
 Yuya hesitates before he draws, knowing that he'll be down to 1000 Life Points when he does. So he must end this duel before his next Draw Phase. He draws " Performapal Hip Hippo ". Yuya, as expected, is hit with a light shower and screams. Crow knows that Yuya will lose at this rate. Yuya sets another monster, then ends his turn. Shinji is appearing to accept Yuya's fate at this point. Chojiro once again skips his Draw Phase and has "Flower Cardian Lightshower" attack Yuya's face-down. Gong knows that this may be it for Yuya, and Chojiro also knows this too well as he brings his turn to a close. He dares Yuya to draw the card that will hand him victory. 
 Crow and Shinji agree that Chojiro has changed, but Dennis wonders about the "Enjoy Chojiro" moniker. Crow and Shinji used to look up to Chojiro when he was younger, as he was the Commons' beacon of hope. He was a duelist that didn't care about winning or losing, just the fun in dueling itself. His strategies always involved the first few cards in his hand. Even after becoming popular, Chojiro continued to teach dueling to children. He would always break up fights peacefully, by offering Duel Disks to those who were about to brawl. Chojiro used to say that dueling isn't just a fight; it's a way to learn about your opponent, and build bonds. But now, he is oppressive and uncompromising in his approach. Gong asks why, if he was so successful, he'd end up in prison. Shinji replies that a few Topsiders had beaten him easily and he lost his way. 
 Chojiro notes Yuya's hesitation, and wonders if he understands what's facing him. Yuya is defiant, saying that nothing is decided yet; not knowing what will happen makes dueling fun. Chojiro impatiently has none of that from Yuya. But Yuya says, it was a lesson his parents taught him, as well as everybody else he has dueled. Chojiro continues to dismiss Yuya's words, saying that Yuya cannot escape his destiny no matter what he does; it's pointless to. There are equals in dueling, but in life there is still the struggle between the haves and have-nots. He thought he had shown that with his dueling. That was why, he challenged the Topsiders. But he was crushed easily, because those he had faced bought their cards with money. Chojiro's audience went from cheering to booing to outright mocking, and that's when he thought, with "audiences" like these, who needs enemies? He was given one last chance to make a statement, and in a desperate attempt to not lose, he chose to turn to fraud. That was when it ended for him. Chojiro is now convinced that duels mean nothing, and can't change anybody. Yet, he was only dueling in prison to survive another day. He abandoned luck and reliance strategies ever since, and from there, he found his combo, after ten years of learning that nothing ever changes. 
 Yuya decides to challenge Chojiro's statement. He puts on his goggles, and prepares to draw. Once he does, "Flower Cardian Lightshower" prepares to launch the final blow. Yuya discards the card he drew, " Performapal Rain Goat ", to negate the damage he would have taken. This draws smiles and cheers from the spectators, even those that didn't know Yuya beforehand. Gong is impressed at the suitability of the card Yuya drew: a rain coat to shelter from the "rain of tears". Chojiro dismisses this as a temporary measure, but Yuya doesn't think so. Because a " Performapal " is sent from the hand to the Graveyard, he can bring back " Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper ". Because "Teeter Totter Hopper" was Special Summoned, it can withstand one attack per Battle Phase. Then, when his turn ends, he can send it to the Graveyard to return one Level 3 or lower "Performapal" to his hand. Crow and Gong deduce that a  controlled loop  involving "Teeter Totter Hopper" and "Rain Goat" will be able to nullify "Lightshower's" damage-dealing effect completely. This catches Chojiro's supporters by complete surprise, as they realise that his "sure-kill combo" sure can't kill now. Putting his goggles back up, Yuya smiles as Chojiro can only curse. 
 Meanwhile, from another Facility cell, an inmate offers to bribe a guard with the " Beckoning Light " card, but is told to be quiet. He says he can't wait to see the result of Chojiro's duel, and many of the other inmates agree. As Yuya is about to continue his turn, he sees the Chojiro-supporting inmates gather in front of his cell, behind Yuya. The two inmates that were behind Chojiro talk among themselves. The one in the light blue robe comments on how popular Chojiro still is, but the one in the teal robe notes that Yuya's controlled loop will need to be broken up first. The former thinks that if Chojiro continues to use "Lightshower" to skip his draw, Yuya will eventually draw his entire deck and lose. But the latter knows it means Yuya will draw a card that gets rid of "Lightshower" (in the dub, the latter mocks the whereabouts of the former's brain). Having heard them speak, Yuya ends his turn and notes there will be quite a few before he runs out. 
 Chojiro, still having none of it, vows to crush Yuya before then. He gets into his combative stance, which suggests to the inmates' shock that he isn't going to skip his draw. As he draws cheers from his supporters, Chojiro wonders when was the last time he relied on his draw, and the blue-robed inmate notices that he saw Chojiro smile. Chojiro remembers that the last time he drew  that  card was before he was arrested for fraud. It was as if the card had abandoned him. Chojiro hears the inmates cheer, and Yuya encourages them. He wonders if his opponent has suddenly made them so happy. He gets their attention, and this time notes how happy they are. He finally draws, saying "Enjoy!" in English ("Be a Hero!" in the dub). The card he drew, and subsequently activates, is " Super Koi Koi ". Crow and Shinji recognize this as the miracle draw card. Chojiro explains the card's effect, and Yuya smiles. Before he draws, he puts his right foot forward a little, and announces that his destiny rests on this draw. Duels are akin to life, he says. At this point, all of the watching inmates are grinning with anticipation. Chojiro continues with what he used to preach:  "You only live once, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose. Don't be ashamed of defeat, and don't be complacent after victory. In other words, let's enjoy! ("Get ready, because every card is an adventure! Some days, you win, some days you lose. Ultimately, everyone wins if we all have fun!" in the dub)" 
 As the inmates, Crow and Shinji chant "Enjoy!", Chojiro readies his pose to draw the first card. The two inmates behind Chojiro chant "Koi-koi" before each draw, and the cards drawn are " Flower Cardian Clover with Boar ", " Flower Cardian Maple with Deer ", and " Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly ", all monsters that he can Special Summon. "Super Koi Koi's" effect Special Summons these monsters at Level 2 and 0 ATK. And with that, he tunes the three of them together and chants: " As ferocious as a boar! As gallant as a deer! As beautiful as a butterfly! Synchro Summon! Level 6  Flower Cardian Boardefly ! ((Dub) "Behold, my friends, as the  majestic beauty of the butterfly  Tunes itself with  the valor and swiftness of the deer  and to  the bravery of the boar ! Now, I Synchro Summon! Come forth,  Flower Cardian Boardefly !") " Chojiro begins battle, and has both of his monsters attack "Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper" to destroy it. The latter pierces Yuya's Life Points and leave him at 200. Chojiro ends his turn; and remains adamant that his opponent can't win.
 Although, with a smile, he anticipates that Yuya would say it's not over. Yuya agrees; reciting his catchphrase and clicking his fingers, he imagines himself in the spotlight saying " Ladies and gentlemen! " in English. He commentates on his own match, asking the audience whether he'll be able to turn things around. He draws, and it's exactly the card he needed: " Pendulum Storm ", which requires that he destroy his  Pendulum Monsters  in the  Pendulum Zones  first. The Yuya-supporting inmates wonder if he's not going to Pendulum Summon, but Yuya says that when one curtain falls, another rises. That's what  dueltaining  is all about. Chojiro hears this with a smile. Then, Yuya has "Pendulum Storm's" effect destroy "Fraud Freeze", which is music to the ears of the Yuya-supporting inmates. With that, Yuya sets the Pendulum Scales with " Performapal Sellshell Crab " and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". The inmates are now chanting "Pendulum", and the solitary-confined  Shay  hears this. With the standard chant, Yuya Pendulum Summons the following Level 3 monsters: "Performapal Bit Bite Turtle" and "Timegazer Magician". 
 Yuya enters the Battle Phase, attacking "Flower Cardian Lightshower" with "Bit Bite Turtle". Chojiro notes the ATK differential in his favour, but Yuya knows that "Lightshower", with its effect negated, can be destroyed by "Bit Bite Turtle's" retribution destruction effect.  Chojiro then notes the Battle Damage. Yuya reacts by having "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon's"  Pendulum Effect  reduce it to zero. Chojiro is impressed at the strategy. Then, Yuya activates "Sellshell Crab's" Pendulum Effect, Special Summoning "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from the Pendulum Zone. He immediately has it attack "Flower Cardian Boardefly". Chojiro reacts by activating " Fraud Check ", sparing his monster from destruction by battle this turn. Gong knows that Chojiro will still take damage, and he does so, taking double the damage due to "Odd-Eyes'" effect. Chojiro is down to 3000 Life Points as Yuya then plays the Quick-Play Spell, " Pendulum Climax ". As Chojiro lands on his feet, he sees "Timegazer Magician" being  Tributed  to equip " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain " in Chojiro's Graveyard to "Odd-Eyes", powering up the dragon to 3500 ATK and allowing it to attack a second time. "Odd-Eyes" rains down a Spiral Flame Strike on "Boardefly", and its Reaction Force applies here as well, allowing it to deal enough damage to defeat Chojiro.
 Chojiro is slammed to the ground, shocking the inmates behind Yuya. The two inmates behind Chojiro hurry to him. He opens his eyes and is smiling, knowing that he has lost. Yuya then approaches Chojiro from his left. He tells Yuya that he has never enjoyed a duel like this for a while. Chojiro then hears the inmates chanting his name, which reminded him of how the Commons children looked up to him and chanted his name back then as well. He gets up, surrounded by all the inmates around him, and bellows with pride: "Enjoy! ("Be a Hero!" in the dub)" which his supporters repeat.
 Celina  hears this from another cell, also in solitary confinement.  Roget  is hearing of her progress from a prison officer, and decides to go and visit her.
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Yuya 
 Yuya   Sets  " Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper " (100/1200).
 Turn 3: Chojiro 
As " Flower Cardian Lightshower " was  Synchro Summoned  with " Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher ", " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane ", " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon " and " Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix ",  Chojiro  can choose not to  draw a card  during his  Draw Phase . "Lightshower"  attacks  and  destroys  "Teeter Totter Hopper".
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Performapal Hip Hippo ". The effect of "Lightshower" activates as Yuya drew a card, inflicting 1500  damage  to him (Yuya: 2500 → 1000 LP). He Sets "Hip Hippo".
 Turn 5: Chojiro 
Chojiro chooses to skip his Draw Phase with the effect of "Lightshower". "Lightshower" attacks and destroys "Hip Hippo" (800/800).
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Performapal Rain Goat ". The effect of "Lightshower" activates, but Yuya activates the effect of "Rain Goat" to reduce the damage to 0 by  sending  it to the  Graveyard . Yuya activates the effect of "Teeter Totter Hopper" from the Graveyard, since he sent a card from his hand to the Graveyard, while it was in the Graveyard. This allows him to Special Summon "Teeter Topper Hopper" (100/1200) from the Graveyard in  Defense Position . As "Teeter Totter Hopper" was Special Summoned by its own effect, it cannot be  destroyed by battle   once per turn , and at the end of Chojiro's turn, Yuya can send "Teeter Totter Hopper" to the Graveyard to add a Level 3 or lower "Performapal" from his Graveyard to his hand.
 Turn 7: Chojiro 
Chojiro draws " Super Koi Koi ". As Chojiro drew a card, the effects of "Lightshower" are  negated . He activates "Super Koi Koi", which allows him to draw three cards and  reveal  them. If they are " Flower Cardian " monsters, he can Special Summon them, but their  Levels  become 2 and their  ATK  and  DEF  become 0. If non-"Flower Cardian" monsters are drawn, he has to send them to the Graveyard and take 1000  damage  for each card. Chojiro draws and subsequently Special Summons " Flower Cardian Clover with Boar " (1000/1000), " Flower Cardian Maple with Deer " (1000/1000) and " Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly " (1000/1000) via this effect ("Peony with Butterfly":   6 → 2, 1000/1000 → 0/0; "Maple with Deer":   10 → 2, 1000/1000 → 0/0; and "Clover with Boar":   7 → 2, 1000/1000 → 0/0). He  tunes  his Level 2 "Clover with Boar" and "Maple with Deer" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Peony with Butterfly" to  Synchro Summon  the Level 6 " Flower Cardian Boardefly " (2000/2000) in Attack Position. "Lightshower" attacks "Teeter Totter Hopper", which cannot be destroyed by battle once per turn. "Boardeefly" attacks and destroys "Teeter Totter Hopper". Its effect inflicts  piercing   battle damage  (Yuya: 1000 → 200 LP).
 Turn 8: Yuya 
Yuya draws and subsequently activates " Pendulum Storm ", which allows him to destroy the monsters in his  Pendulum Zones  and then destroy a  Spell  or  Trap Card  his opponent controls. Yuya destroys " Timegazer Magician " and " Performapal Bit Bite Turtle " in his Pendulum Zones, and then destroys " Fraud Freeze ". He then activates " Performapal Sellshell Crab " (   2) and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (   4) in his Pendulum Zones. Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Timegazer Magician" (1200/600) and "Bit Bite Turtle" (800/1200) from his  Extra Deck , both in Attack Position. "Bit Bite Turtle" attacks "Lightshower" and is destroyed. As "Bit Bite Turtle" was destroyed by battle, its effect destroys the monster that destroyed it. "Lightshower" is destroyed. Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Odd-Eyes", which reduces any damage he would receive when a  Pendulum Monster  he controls  battles  to 0. He activates the Pendulum Effect of "Sellshell Crab", which allows him to Special Summon a monster from his Pendulum Zone when a Pendulum Monster he controls is destroyed and sent to the Extra Deck. Yuya Special Summons "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000). "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Boardeefly", but Chojiro activates his  face-down  " Fraud Check ," which prevents "Flower Cardian" monsters he controls from being destroyed by battle. The effect of "Odd-Eyes" doubles any battle damage to the opponent when it battles a Level 5 or higher monster (Chojiro: 4000 → 3000 LP). Yuya activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Pendulum Climax ", which allows him to Tribute a Pendulum Monster he controls and  equip  a monster from his opponent's Graveyard to a Pendulum Monster that battled this turn, with the equipped monster gaining ATK equal to half the ATK of the monster equipped to it and gaining an additional attack this turn. Yuya Tributes "Timegazer Magician" to equip " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain " to "Odd-Eyes". ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 3500). "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Boardeefly" (Chojiro: 3000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Rain Goat 
 Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Bit Bite Turtle 
 Performapal Sellshell Crab 
 Timegazer Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Pendulum Climax 
 Pendulum Storm 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain 
 Flower Cardian Clover with Boar 
 Flower Cardian Maple with Deer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Boardefly 
 Flower Cardian Lightshower Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Super Koi Koi 
 Traps 
 Fraud Check 
 Fraud Freeze 
 
 Others Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 
 Flashbacks (incomplete) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia 
 Flower Cardian Pine 
 Flower Cardian Pine with Crane 
 Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing 
 Chaofeng, Phantom of the Yang Zing 
 Flower Cardian Boardefly 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Super Koi Koi 
 Errors 
 When the recap from the previous episode is shown,  Yuya  is seeing performing his  Pendulum Summon , however " Stargazer Magician " is shown in the  Pendulum Zone  instead of " Performapal Bit Bite Turtle ". 
 In the dub, when Yuya was setting the  Pendulum Scale , he called " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  a " Performapal ". 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 La défaite du héros
 
 
  German 
 Hero's Fall
 
 
  Italian 
 La caduta dell'eroe
 
 
  Thai 
 ชายที่ละทิ้งการจั่วการ์ด
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/ArcV_061.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150621123616', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes