Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/North_American_WCQ_2016_Special:_Yusei_vs._Yuya

Yusei vs. Yuya  was a  scripted Duel  that took place during the 2016 North American World Championship Qualifier in  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  around 5:30 PM on July 10, 2016.  Greg Abbey  and  Michael Liscio Jr.  reprised their roles as  Yusei Fudo  and  Yuya Sakaki , respectively. During the Duel, both characters used cards they have never used in the anime or manga canon.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Synopsis 
 2   Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Yuya Sakaki 
 3   Video 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Synopsis 
   This section is currently incomplete. 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Yuya Sakaki 
 Turn 1: Yusei 
Yusei  Sets  2 cards.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
Draws a card. Yuya Normal Summons " Performapal Skullcrobat Joker " (1800/100). Since "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker" was  Normal Summoned , Yuya  activates  its effect to add a "Performapal", "Magician", or "Odd-Eyes" monster from his  Deck  to his hand, but Yusei  discards  " Effect Veiler " to  negate  the effects of "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker" until the end of the turn.
 Yuya places " Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix " and " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn " in his  Pendulum Zones . He then  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Bubblebowwow " (2300/1000) and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " in  Attack Position . "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" attacks Yusei directly, and Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn", increasing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" by the ATK of "Performapal Bubblebowwow" (2500 → 4800/2000). Yusei counters with " Defense Draw ", making the  battle damage  0 and  drawing  1 card.
 "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker" attacks Yusei directly (Yusei: 4000 → 2200). "Performapal Bubblebowwow" then attacks directly, but Yusei activates his Set " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " to negate the attack. The last effect of "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow" activates, setting itself instead of being sent to the  Graveyard .
 Turn 3: Yusei 
Draws a card. Yusei  Special Summons  " Unknown Synchron " (0/0) in Defense Position with its own effect. Yusei then activates " One for One ", discarding " Quillbolt Hedgehog " to Special Summon " Tuningware " (100/300) from his Deck in  Defense Position . He then Normal Summons " Synchron Carrier " (0/1000), with its effect allowing him to Normal Summon an additional " Synchron " monster this turn. He tunes "Synchron Carrier" and "Tuningware" to "Unknown Synchron" to  Synchro Summon  " Armory Arm " (1800/1200) in Attack Position. Since "Tuningware" was used as  Synchro Material , Yusei draws a card.
 Yusei activates " Tuning " to add " Junk Synchron " from his Deck to his hand, at the cost of sending the top card of his Deck (" Jet Synchron ") to the Graveyard. He Normal Summons "Junk Synchron" (1300/500). Since "Junk Synchron" was Normal Summoned, Yusei activates its effect to Special Summon "Tuningware" from his Graveyard in Defense Position with its effects negated. Since Yusei controls a Tuner monster, he Special Summons "Quillbolt Hedgehog" (800/800) from his Graveyard in Defense position.
 Yusei tunes "Tuningware" and "Quillbolt Hedgehog" to "Junk Synchron" to Synchro Summon " Stardust Charge Warrior " (2000/1300) in Attack Position. Since "Stardust Charge Warrior" was Synchro Summoned, Yusei draws a card. Since "Tuningware" was used as Synchro Material again, Yusei draws another card. Finally, since "Quillbolt Hedgehog" was Special Summoned by its own effect, it is banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard.
 Yusei activates the effect of "Armory Arm", equipping itself to "Stardust Charge Warrior" and increasing its ATK by 1000 (2000 → 3000/1300). "Stardust Charge Warrior" attacks and destroys "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker" (Yuya: 4000 → 2800). Yusei tries to activate the effect of "Armory Arm", but since Pendulum Monsters are placed on the top of the  Extra Deck  instead of being sent from the field to the Graveyard, the effect cannot be activated. Yusei reveals that "Stardust Charge Warrior" can attack all Special Summoned monsters Yuya controls once each. "Stardust Charge Warrior" attacks and destroys "Performapal Bubblebowwow" and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (Yuya: 2800 → 1600). Yusei sets 2 cards.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Draws a card. Yuya activates "Pot of Greed" to draw 2 cards, then Normal Summons " Performapal Secondonkey " (1000/2000). Since "Performapal Secondonkey" was Normal Summoned while Yuya has 2 cards in his Pendulum Zones, its effect activates, letting Yuya add "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" from his Deck to his hand. Yuya then Pendulum Summons "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker", "Performapal Bubblebowwow", and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" from his Extra Deck in Attack Position, as well as "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" (1500/800) from his hand in Defense Position. Yuya activates the effect of "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer", destroying all cards in his Pendulum Zones to add " Performapal Springoose " and " Performapal Sleight Hand Magician " from his Deck to his hand. Yuya activates the effect of "Performapal Sleight Hand Magician" in his hand, Tributing "Performapal Secondonkey" to Special Summon it (2500/2000) in Attack Position. He then activates its second effect, discarding a card ("Performapal Springoose") to destroy Yusei's "Stardust Charge Warrior".
 "Performapal Sleight Hand Magician" attacks directly, but Yusei activates " Stardust Re-Spark " to negate the attack, since the ATK of "Performapal Sleight Hand Magician" is greater than his LP, then draw a card. It also allows him to Special Summon " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) from his Extra Deck in Attack Position. "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" attacks "Stardust Dragon", but Yusei activates "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow" to negate the attack, then Set it again. Yuya sets a card.
 Turn 5: Yusei 
Yusei activates " Graceful Revival " to Special Summon "Tuningware" from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Yusei then activates the effect of "Jet Synchron", discarding " Rush Warrior " to Special Summon it (500/0) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. He then banishes "Rush Warrior" from his Graveyard to return "Synchron Carrier" from his Graveyard to his hand.
 Yusei Normal Summons "Synchron Carrier". He tunes "Synchron Carrier" and "Tuningware" to "Jet Synchron" to Synchro Summon " Accel Synchron " (500/2100) in Defense Position. With the effect of "Tuningware", Yusei draws a card. Since "Jet Synchron" was Special Summoned by its own effect, it is banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard. Yusei activates the effect of "Accel Synchron", sending " Turbo Synchron " from his Deck to the Graveyard to reduce its Level by the Level of the sent monster (5 → 4). 
 "Stardust Dragon" attacks and destroys "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker" (Yuya: 1600 → 900). Yusei then activates " Limit Overdrive ", returning "Stardust Dragon" and "Accel Synchron" to his Extra Deck to Special Summon " Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon " (4000/4000) from his Extra Deck in Attack Position, ignoring its Summoning conditions. "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" attacks "Performapal Bubblebowwow", but Yuya activates " Command Performance " to negate the attack and switch "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" to Defense Position. Its battle position cannot be changed until the end of the next turn.
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya activates " Pot of Riches " to shuffle 3 Pendulum Monsters from his Extra Deck into his Deck, then draw 2 cards. He cannot Special Summon monsters this turn, except by Pendulum Summon. 
 Yuya places " Performapal Monkeyboard " in his Pendulum Zone. The Pendulum Effect of "Performapal Monkeyboard" activates, allowing Yuya to add " Performapal Camelump " from his Deck to his hand. He places "Performapal Camelump" in his other Pendulum Zone. Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of "Performapal Camelump" to decrease "Stardust Sifr's" DEF by 800 (4000/4000 → 3200). In addition, "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" can now inflict  piercing  battle damage this turn.
 Yusei banishes " Performapal Springoose " from his Graveyard to return "Performapal Camelump" and "Performapal Monkeyboard" from the field to his hand. He then activates the effect of "Performapal Sleight Hand Magician", discarding a card to destroy "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon"; however, Yusei activates the effect of "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" to negate the effect of "Performapal Sleight Hand Magician" and destroy it. Yuya places"Performapal Camelump" in his Pendulum Zone, and uses its effect to further reduce the DEF of "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" by 800 points (4000/3200 → 2400), and also allowing "Performapal Bubblebowwow" to inflict piercing battle damage this turn. Since he controls 2 or more "Performapal" monsters, Yuya Normal Summons " Performapal Elephammer " (2600/1800) without Tribute. He also switches "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" to Attack Position.
 Yuya activates " Performapal Dramatic Theater ", increasing the ATK of all his monsters by 200 for each monster he controls with a different Type. There are currently three monsters with different types on Yuya's field ("Odd-Eyes": 2500 → 3100/2000), ("Bubbulldog": 2300 → 2900/1000), ("Elephammer": 2600 → 3200/1800), ("Pendulum Sorcerer": 1500 → 2100/800).
 "Performapal Elephammer" attacks "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon", but Yusei activates "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow" to negate the attack. "Performapal Bubblebowwow" attacks "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" (Yusei: 2200 → 1700), but it is not destroyed due to its own effect. "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" attacks and destroys "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon", with its effect doubling any battle damage Yusei takes (Yusei: 1700 → 300).
 "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" attacks directly, but Yusei discards " Swift Scarecrow " to negate the attack and end Yuya's Battle Phase.
 Turn 7: Yusei 
Yusei activates " Pot of Desires ", banishing the top 10 cards of his Deck face-down to draw 2 cards. Yusei banishes "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon" from his Graveyard to Special Summon "Stardust Charge Warrior" in Attack Position. He activates " Fighting Spirit " and " United We Stand ", equipping both to "Stardust Charge Warrior". "Fighting Spirit" increases its ATK by 300 for each monster Yuya controls, while "United We Stand" increases the ATK of its ATK by 800 for each face-up monster Yusei controls (2000 → 4000/1300). Since "Stardust Charge Warrior" can attack all Special Summoned monsters Yuya controls, it attacks and destroys "Performapal Elephammer", "Performapal Bubblebowwow", "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer", and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (Yuya: 100 → 0).
 
 Video 
 YouTube - [Yu-Gi-Oh!] Yusei VS Yuya Live Duel (North Aemerican Work Championship Qualifer 2016) 
 Featured cards 
 Cards in  italics  debuted here prior to an anime or manga appearance.
 
 
 "Yusei Fudo" Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog 
 Rush Warrior 
 Swift Scarecrow 
 Synchron Carrier 
 Tuningware 
 Tuner monsters 
 Effect Veiler 
 Jet Synchron 
 Junk Synchron 
 Turbo Synchron 
 Unknown Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Accel Synchron 
 Armory Arm 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fighting Spirit 
 Limit Overdrive 
 One for One 
 Pot of Desires 
 Tuning 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Defense Draw 
 Graceful Revival 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Stardust Re-Spark 
 
 "Yuya Sakaki" Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Secondonkey 
 Performapal Sleight Hand Magician 
 Performapal Springoose 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Camelump 
 Performapal Bubblebowwow 
 Performapal Monkeyboard 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Performapal Skullcrobat Joker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Performapal Dramatic Theater 
 Pot of Greed 
 Pot of Riches 
 Traps 
 Command Performance 
 Notes 
 
 
 Trivia 
 This scripted Duel was the first reveal of the English name and  TCG  rarity of " Pot of Desires " and " Performapal Bubblebowwow ". 
 Yuya mentions wanting to find  Action Cards  to use against Yusei shortly after his loss. Action Cards do not exist in real life, and therefore would physically be impractical in this duel. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Scripted Duels