Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Adrian_Gecko

For other versions of this character, see  Adrian Gecko (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Adrian Gecko 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Adrian Gecko 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Amon Garam 
 
 
 Japanese   
 アモン・ガラム 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed adoptive parents Shido Gecko  (adoptive brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous organization 
 Gecko Group 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 East Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Forbidden Beast 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Cloud  Deck (雲デッキ  Kumo Dekki ) [1] Exodia 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2008 
 Cover the Sun Cloudian 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Intangible Cloud Blowing Cloud Raging Cloud Drifting Cloud Eye of the Cloud 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 37: " The Shadow Game Ends!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 106: " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Darren Dunstan 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Nobuya Mine 
 
 
 German  
 Rainer Fritzsche 
 
 
 
 Adrian Gecko , known in the Japanese version as  Amon Garam , is a student hailing from  East Academy  who enters  Duel Academy  in the third year. Reserved and secretive, Adrian is a neutral character whose actions seem to only serve the Gecko Family and himself. However, after obtaining the spirit of " Exodia the Forbidden One " in the third alternate dimension, he intends to rule it as a world where darkness and evil will vanish. He thus acts as a secondary antagonist towards  Jaden Yuki  and the primary antagonist,  Yubel .
 He is one of the few characters who did not return after Jaden defeated Yubel.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Personality 
 1.2   Voice and Mannerisms 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 3   Manga 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Cloud 
 4.2   Exodia 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Personality 
 In the dub, Adrian presents himself as somewhat of a party animal, and is witty to the point where he sometimes pokes fun at the series itself, such as in  episode 112 . Adrian appears to be extremely loyal to his family despite his personal views as shown when he saved his brother from death even though he would become the heir to the company. When working for Yubel, Adrian becomes more malicious such as manipulating Jaden and sacrificing Echo. It is later revealed however that everything he did was to make the world a better place without pain and suffering.
 In the original, he takes a highly philosophical approach as a Duelist, once quoting  René Descartes  " Cogito ergo sum " to express the meaninglessness of passionate battles such as the  Survival Duels  announced by  Thelonious Viper . Adrian uses the aforementioned quote several times as well as some other latin phrases.
 
 Voice and Mannerisms 
 In the dub, Adrian speaks with a youthful, yet monotone voice. For some reason, he never uses any contractions, which gives him an almost robotic quality. 
 In the original, Adrian speaks with a deep voice and occasionally quotes latin philosophers. 
 
 Etymology 
 His given name in the Japanese version is derived from an alternate spelling of the name of an Egyptian air deity, Amun. His dub name may be a reference to Gordon Gekko from the 1987 film Wall Street, due to his riches.
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Adrian is the eldest son of the  Gecko Family  (Garam Group; ガラム財閥,  Garamu Zaibatsu ), which has considerable influence over the world's petroleum, heavy chemical industry, and information technology. Abandoned by his parents when he was young, Adrian developed an inferiority complex that convinced him that he had nothing left to live for. He observed the sky and awaited death but was one day adopted by the Gecko Family which intended for him to become its heir in light of the family's failure to produce a biological child to fill the position. However, when a son named  Shido  was finally conceived, Adrian grew jealous of his younger brother (in the Japanese version, he contemplates killing him), but chose to continue working diligently for his sibling's sake. In the dub, it states that he completely forgot about his vendetta during the timeskip.
 From the outset of the third year Adrian works undercover to learn more about Viper's plot and secretly acquire Yubel's power for himself, being aware he was affiliated with the spirit. Eventually, he is approached by  Thelonious Viper  himself, who threatens to return him to East Academy if he refuses to Duel in a  Survival Duel . Suspecting that he will set the  Bio-Band  energy absorption level on maximum—which can cause death—for his scheduled Duel, Adrian invites students to a party to participate in  Survival Duels  with one another, intending to overload Viper's project. As he leaves the  Obelisk Blue  dormitory, however,  Chazz Princeton  lifts him off the ground by helicopter, challenging him to a Duel. Intrigued by Chazz's determination stemming from his time at  North Academy , Adrian reveals the hellish past that he too has suffered. Despite this similarity, he concludes that Chazz is "nothing special", and that although he wins the Duel, the energy absorption level on his Bio-Bands was not minimized enough to prevent him from collapsing.
 
       Adrian in his Duel with  Chazz Princeton     
 After recovering from the Duel, Adrian manipulates Jaden and the others into acting as decoys while he infiltrated Viper's hideout. The two spar for ownership of a certain card that Viper possesses after revealing that Adrian also works out at the gym, explaining the result of his built arms, of which the Gecko Group holds interest, but the spirit within the Survival Duel energy chamber restrains Adrian just as he seems to gain the upper hand. Managing to temporarily short circuit the facility’s power source, Adrian escapes and finds the machine responsible for Survival Duel energy absorption, but succumbs to the darkness of his heart and chooses not to shut it down. Adrian then takes Yubel's arm and hides in the library.
 While trapped in the alternate dimension along with Jaden Yuki and company, Adrian teams up with them to fight off the Duel Ghouls but mysteriously erases a file about him while on a Gecko submarine, trying to get medicine for an ill  Blair Flannigan .  On numerous occasions he meets  Marcel , who was possessed by  Yubel  who had him spy on Jaden. Asking Yubel why it didn't choose him to use its power Yubel replies that Marcel had an unexpected and greater darkness in his heart at the time. Enraged over this, Adrian continues to monitor Yubel and ends up stranded in the alternate dimension after Yubel is defeated by  Jaden Yuki  and  Jesse Anderson .
 
         Adrian faces  Yubel  in body of  Marcel .     
 Adrian later reappears in the third alternate dimension after the fall of  The Supreme King  with his left arm imbued with a portion of Yubel's power. Intending to become the dimension's king he sacrificed  Echo , to free the spirit of " Exodia the Forbidden One " from imprisonment and make it his servant, defeating  Aster Phoenix  in the process. He meets up with Jesse who is now possessed by Yubel in the latter's castle to prove that he is worthy of being king. Adrian's new Exodia cards allow him to go toe-to-toe with Yubel,  but he is eventually defeated, and dies because losing a Duel in that dimension results in death. During that the Duel he revealed that he intended to become the dimension's king with intent of ridding the world things such as poverty and suffering, which Yubel mocked him for. After losing he says "I'm sorry" to Echo (who is not actually there), right before he disappears he screams out Echo's name (in the dub he screams out that he is so sorry for his actions towards her).
 Although it is later revealed that everyone who died in that world was actually trapped in yet another alternate dimension, that Yubel created, Adrian is one of the few who does not return after Jaden's final Duel with Yubel; as well as  Zane Truesdale ,  Bastion Misawa , and Jaden himself. Jaden and Zane later return to  Duel Academy  and Bastion chooses to remain in the alternate dimension with Tania and her friends. Adrian's fate remains unknown.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 A poster for the  WRGP  lists one of its sponsors as the "Garam Motors Co., Ltd".  [2] 
 
 Manga 
 Main article:  Adrian Gecko (manga) 
       Adrian at the American Academy.     
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , he is a student at the  American Duel Academy  along with the other  Overseas Champions .
 
 Decks 
 Cloud 
 Adrian's  " Cloud " Deck  takes advantage of a unique set of abilities, including monster destruction via  Fog Counters  and  effect damage . The Summoning speed of his monsters is strengthened by " Summon Cloud " and " Big Summon Cloud ", which allow him to instantly call forth his "Cloudians" as long as they are in his  hand . In desperation, he can also activate " Wonder Cloud ",  removing  almost all his cards from play to  draw  more cards. His  signature card , " Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon ", is capable of shifting the  Battle positions  of all his opponent's monsters the moment it strikes.
 
 
 Cloud Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cloudian - Eye of the Typhoon 
 Cloudian - Ghost Fog 
 Cloudian - Nimbusman 
 Cloudian - Poison Cloud 
 Cloudian - Sheep Cloud  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Summon Cloud 
 Diamond-Dust Cyclone 
 Exploding Cloud 
 Lucky Cloud 
 Pot of Avarice [Notes 1] 
 Quick Summon 
 Summon Cloud 
 Wonder Cloud 
 Traps 
 Mirage Target 
 Natural Disaster 
 Rain Storm 
 Exodia 
 After making his reappearance in the third  alternate dimension  after  The Supreme King  is defeated, Adrien plays an  Exodia  Deck , using the Exodia pieces he received from  Yubel  as part of their deal. If the initial strategy to gather pieces fails, he can also Summon " Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ", allowing him to achieve the same results as the above strategy by gathering all the pieces in his  Graveyard . As a backup strategy, he can also try win using the combination of " Fog King ", " Royal Sword ", and " Fog Castle "; if that strategy also fails, his last move is to try and gather the five pieces of Exodia by the effect of "Fog Castle" and " Break the Seal ". He also runs  Spell  and  Trap Cards  that can recover the pieces from the Graveyard, such as " A Feather of the Phoenix " and " Backup Soldier " to quickly gather the Forbidden Pieces once again.
 
 
 Exodia Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Deep Diver 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord 
 Fog King 
 Vortex Trooper Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Feather of the Phoenix 
 Burden of the Mighty 
 Exploding Cloud [Notes 2] 
 Fog Castle 
 Magical Mallet [Notes 3] 
 Rage of the Forbidden One 
 Ritual of the Ultimate Forbidden Lord 
 Royal Sword 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier [Notes 4] 
 Break the Seal  x3 
 Crest Burn 
 Defense Seal Wall 
 Dimensional Prison 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 111 - 112 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Ghoul 
 123 
 Win
 
 
 Marcel Bonaparte / Yubel 
 127 
 No result
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 144 - 145 
 Win
 
 
 Jesse Anderson / Yubel 
 149 - 150 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 In what is presumably a continuity error, Adrian is given two conflicting backstories concerning his childhood. Adrian's flashbacks of being adopted depict him living in a desert somewhere in the Middle East. A later flashback shows Adrian living in the streets of New York, near what is clearly the Chrysler Building. 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 98: " Power Plays " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 112 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his hand in  episode 150 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  discarded  to activate one of the  effects  of " Fog Castle " in  episode 150 , as it was the only card in his hand. 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 150 , but is not activated. 
 
 
 v e 
Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Amon_Garam.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121202082556', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/Duell_1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101210153530', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Series127.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121029011135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Amon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20090203015504']
Categories: Characters, Adrian Gecko pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters