Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Grizzlepike_Jones

For the  Tag Force  version of this character, see  Grizzlepike Jones (Tag Force) .      
 
 
 Grizzlepike Jones 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Grizzlepike Jones 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Gen Ankokuji 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 暗 黒 寺  ゲン 暗黒寺 ゲン あんこくじ ゲン Rōmaji: ( Ankokuji Gen ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 안국철 KRR: An Gugcheol 
 
 
 French name  
 Grizzlepike Jones 
 
 
 Italian name  
 Grizzlepike Jones 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Strong Dojo  (former) 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Did not place [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Battleguard 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroshi Shirokuma 
 
 
 
 Grizzlepike Jones , known as  Gen Ankokuji  ( 暗 黒 寺  ゲン  Ankokuji Gen ) in the Japanese version, is a participant in the "Junior Youth" Class of the  Arc League Championship  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is also a fan of  The Sledgehammer  and derides  Yusho Sakaki  for running away and not facing The Sledgehammer for the title of the Champion. Because of this, he has bullied  Yuya  during some occasions. He is a former member of the  Strong Dojo  and knows  Gong .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Grizzlepike.     
 Grizzlepike appears as a tall and muscular young man with a build comparable to that of  Gong . He wears a pair of blue pants and what appears to be a red sash on his abdomen, with a purple shirt with thick pauldrons along a blue jacket. Noteworthy he also wears a pair of steel bracers and sandals.
 
 Personality 
 Grizzlepike is a devoted follower of  the Sledgehammer , so much that when a distraught  Yuya  offered to fight the Sledgehammer, Grizzlepike offered to take Sledgehammer's place to face Yuya. He is malicious and believes only in strength, having seemingly no moral or ethical concepts of sportsmanship as demonstrated by the way he bullied and humiliated Yuya and left the  Strong Dojo  because their discipline conflicted with his beliefs of winning at all costs. So much he desires to win that he uses underhanded means to disrupt his opponents plays and break their spirit. Grizzlepike seems to be a misanthropist at heart, as he believes that people betray one another and that there is nothing worth believing in the world, a philosophy that is reflected in his  Deck 's strategy.
 Perhaps the only positive trait about Grizzlepike, is that he studies and prepares for his Duels accordingly, as he researched that Gong used  Synchro Summoning  to win his Duels and prepared a countermeasure.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       A young Grizzlepike.     
 Grizzlepike was a student of the  Strong Dojo , where he learned the Steadfast Dueling style. After  Yuya Sakaki  vowed to Duel  The Sledgehammer  in the place of his father  Yusho , Grizzlepike confronted him in the street one day and offered to Duel Yuya in place of The Sledgehammer. He accused Yuya of being scared, but  Gong  broke up the argument, warning Grizzlepike that his actions wouldn't be tolerated even if Grizzlepike was his senior. Grizzlepike eventually left the Dojo of his own accord, described as a disgraceful exit. [2] [3] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Remaining unattached to any Duel School, Grizzlepike qualified for the  Junior Arc League Championship  Division with six straight wins. On the opening day of the tournament, he bumped into  Yuya Sakaki  again, who had beaten  The Sledgehammer  not long ago. Grizzlepike expressed his disbelief that a weakling like Yuya could defeat Sledgehammer. Before their argument could progress any further,  Gong  intervened, and Grizzlepike walked off, vowing to defeat them. He was set up to Duel  Gong  the next day. [3] 
 The next day, well aware that Gong would be given a new sash to wear for the match, Grizzlepike arranged for four of his friends to steal his previous sash and lure Yuya away. He planned for the implications of Yuya's fate to cause Gong to panic and his Dueling to be affected. Before the Duel he sarcastically complimented Gong's new sash, and when they Dueled in " Solitary Island in a Faraway Sea ", he commented that Yuya was in a forest too before explaining what he'd done. Gong refused to surrender, and brought out his " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ," but when he Summoned a  Tuner monster , Grizzlepike took  control  of it, well aware that Gong could  Synchro Summon , likening its betrayal to how Yuya must be feeling.  Zuzu Boyle , who had gotten in contact with Yuya, managed to snap Gong out of his panic. Gong vowed to follow his Dueling ways, and Grizzlepike claimed that his Steadfast spirit would be worthless. He used " Shaman Battleguard " to take control of "Big Benkei" and brought Gong down to 500  Life Points , but Gong was able to survive, learn that Yuya was safe, and bring out another Tuner monster that used "Big Benkei" to Synchro Summon " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ." "Susanowo" gained enough  DEF  to the point that it could, like "Big Benkei",  attack  with its DEF and wipe Grizzlepike out in one hit. [1] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Grizzlespike is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas . [4]  He applauded when Yuya won and watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [5]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [6] 
 
 Deck 
 Grizzlepike uses a  " Battleguard " Deck  as an homage to his idol,  The Sledgehammer . He mainly uses tactics to take  control  of his opponent's  monsters , which he then uses as  Tributes  for his " Shaman Battleguard ", which can also take control of his opponent's monsters. His strategy follows his philosophy that people betray one another.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Boulder Battleguard 
 Granite Battleguard 
 Shaman Battleguard Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Battleguard Sorcery 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 30 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 30: " Gong the Strong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji)  pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Gen_Ankokuji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141012135846', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/FullGenAnkokuji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20141026105707', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Young_Ankokuji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141012135859']
Categories: Characters, Grizzlepike Jones pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters