Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_113


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 倒せ！ ファイブゴッドドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Taose! Faibu Goddo Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Defeat It! Five God Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Merger of The Big Five, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 113 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 2, 2002 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 31, 2004 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WILD DRIVE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Paradise " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Eiji Hirayama 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 2 " 
 " Brothers in Arms, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Merger of The Big Five, Part 3" , known as  "Defeat It! Five God Dragon"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and thirteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 2, 2002 and in the United States on January 31, 2004.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Deck Masters 
 3   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi + Joey Wheeler VS. The Big Five, Part 3 
 4   Epilogue 
 5   Differences in Adaptations 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Errors 
 8   Featured cards 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 After drawing  The Big Five's  most strongest monster, the  ritual monster ,  Five-Headed Dragon , on his draw phase,  Leichter  then adds a  Ritual Magic Card  to his hand - due to the effect of  Altar of Mist , played by  Johnson  three turns ago - he chooses  Dragon Revival Ritual , which allows him to summon the Five-Headed Dragon from his hand by sacrificing five monsters.  Joey  is confused as Leichter does not have five, let alone one monster on the field, with the exception of his  Deck Master ,  Jinzo  which hasn't been called to the field yet. Leichter then reminds Joey that Jinzo technically isn't his only Deck Master, as all five of The Big Five are using  Tristan 's body and all have their own deck master. Joey and  Yami Yugi  then realise that The Big Five plan on sacrificing all five of their Deck Masters to summon their most powerful monster.  Tea  comments on this move, stating that it's unfair.  Duke  then explains that due to how desperate The Big Five for bodies to escape from the  Virtual World  they will do anything to win even if it means blending the rules in process. The Big Five then call all five of their deck masters to the field; Leichter's Jinzo,  Gansley 's  Deepsea Warrior ,  Crump 's  Nightmare Penguin , Johnson's  Judge Man  and  Nezbitt 's  Robotic Knight . With all five of The Big Five's deck master sacrificed the requirements of Dragon Revival Ritual are met, so Leichter is able to summon the Five-Headed Dragon from his hand. As soon as its summoned Yami Yugi remembers that he and Joey faced the monster before last time they unaccounted The Big Five, before they were tapped in the Virtual World and lost their bodies as a result. [1]  Joey then remembers how last time the monster destroyed him and his  Red-Eyes Black Dragon  and states that he hopes this time around he fairs better. Joey is relieved to hear from Yami Yugi that Five-Headed Dragon is forbidden to attack on the turn its summoned, giving them time to find a way to destroy it. However, Leichter then confirms that although it can't attack on the turn its summoned it destroyed all  Monster ,  Magic  and  Trap Cards  on the opponent's field as soon as its summoned (which is probably the reason why its forbidden to attack on the turn its summoned, otherwise it wouldn't be fair on the opponent). With Joey's Jinzo now destroyed, The Big Five can now play Trap Cards, but then, so can Joey, since his Jinzo and The Big Five's Jinzo are now both in the graveyard. Joey tells Leichter that it matters not that his and Yami Yugi's monsters have been destroyed as they have plenty more in their decks of which can be used to destroy Five-Headed Dragon. Leichter the warns his opponents that Five-Headed Dragon can not be destroyed by monsters of  Attributes  of  Fire ,  Water ,  Earth   Wind  or  Darkness , leaving only one type of monster; creatures of  Light , which somewhat seems unfair, as Light monsters are the rarest in the game out of all the attributes; meaning the chances of Yami Yugi and Joey being able to draw or summon one is fairly slim and therefore their chances of saving Tristan are just as slim. Despite aware of the slim chances Joey and Yami Yugi has, Leichter lays a face down just in case they manage to destroy Five-Headed Dragon. 
 With no monsters left on the field or in his hand, Joey is unsure what to do as The Big Five's dragon seems nearly unbeatable, due to its high attack power of 5000 and unique ability to avoid attacks from all attributes but one. Joey draws and unfortunately doesn't get a monster like he was hoping for and instead a trap card ( Silver Dollar ). With no monsters in his hand or on the field, Joey is left with no choice but to move his  Deck Master ,  Flame Swordsman  to the field and playing three cards face down, believing that although moving his deck master to the field is risky (as he will automatically lose the duel should it be destroyed) his deck master will come through for him like it did in his duel with Johnson. Yami Yugi takes his next turn and draws  Magical Hats , which he believes he may need later for protection. With no monsters in his hand or on his field either, he also reluctantly moves his deck master,  Dark Magician  to the field, with faith that it as well and his team mate, Joey will come through for him. Joey tells Yami Yugi that he has his back.  
 Leichter asks Yami Yugi how he plans on defeating Five-Headed Dragon, Yami Yugi states that he plans on using the same tactics as he did last time to defeat it. The Big Five are confused as last time Yami Yugi used the  fusion monster ,  Master of Dragon Solider  - a combination of Yami Yugi's  Black Luster Soldier  and  Kaiba 's  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  - and point out to Yami Yugi that he cannot use the same method, as he does not have the cards required to summon it. Yami Yugi then states that he plans on summoning a different monster that is just as powerful and strong enough to beat The Big Five's dragon. He activates  Polymerization , allowing him to fuse his deck master, Dark Magician with Joey's, Flame Swordsman to summon  Dark Flare Knight  which Yami Yugi then claims will lead him and Joey to victory (since Yami Yugi fused his deck master with Joey's; Dark Flare Knight is now their new deck master). Leichter points out the contradiction in Yami Yugi's claim; reminding him that Five-Headed Dragon can only be destroyed by a monster whose attribute is of Light, and since Dark Flare Knight is a creature of Darkness it can't destroy the dragon, plus, with only 2200 attack points, Dark Flare Knight is too weak to inflict damage to The Big Five's life points by attacking Five-Headed Dragon (although the dragon is indestructible to all attributes a part from Light, if it is attacked by a monster of an attribute its immune to the card holder still loses life points regardless, if the opposing monster is stronger); therefore by attacking Dark Flare Knight would only just end up being destroyed and would in turn wipe out the rest of Joey and Yami Yugi's life points and even if they still have some life points left after the battle damage, they would still automatically lose regardless as Dark Flare Knight is their deck master. Joey is confused, thinking that Yami Yugi must be aware that he summoned a monster weaker than Five-Headed Dragon and with an attribute that its immune to. Feeling worried, he wonders if and hopes that Yami Yugi knows what he is doing. Regardless of its attribute and lower attack level, Yami Yugi orders Dark Flare Knight to attack Five-Headed Dragon. Leichter doesn't even question Yami Yugi's reasoning for attacking with a monster weaker than Five-Headed Dragon and of an attribute its immune to and just orders Five-Headed Dragon to strike back. Dark Flare Knight is then destroyed by Five-Headed Dragon but Yami Yugi and Joey's life points remain the same and untouched and they are still standing despite their deck master was just destroyed which confuses Leichter. Yami Yugi then confirms Dark Flare Knight's special abilities; when its destroyed the card holder does not take damage and  Mirage Knight  is summoned in its place (As Dark Flare Knight attacked on the turn it was summoned, it must also have a third special ability; to attack on the turn it is summoned, ignoring the fusion monster regulations which state that fusion monsters cannot attack on the turn they are summoned).     
 After losing, The Big Five again try to steal everyone's bodies by force.  Noah  interrupts and takes the Five to his headquarters. Due to their repeated failures and rule-breaking, Noah imprisons each of them in an isolated part of his  Virtual World  (in the Japanese version he deletes them). The Five are never seen again. 
 Tristan is devastated because he thinks he will never get his body back.
 
 Deck Masters 
 Yami Yugi : " Dark Magician ", " Dark Flare Knight ", " Mirage Knight " and " Dark Magician Knight " 
 Joey Wheeler : " Flame Swordsman " 
 The Big Five : " Deepsea Warrior ", " Nightmare Penguin ", " Judge Man ", " Robotic Knight ", " Jinzo ", " Five-Headed Dragon " and " Berserk Dragon " 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi + Joey Wheeler VS. The Big Five, Part 3 
 Duel continues from previous episode. 
 Yami Yugi has 2000  Life Points  remaining and controls " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in Attack Position.
 Joey has 300 Life Points remaining and controls " Jinzo " (2400/1500) in Attack Position.
 The Big Five have 1200 Life Points remaining and control "Altar of Mist".
 Turn 19: The Big Five (Leichter) 
On Leichter's Standby Phase, the effect of " Altar of Mist "  activates , letting  Leichter  add " Dragon Revival Ritual " from his  Deck  to his  hand  by sending "Altar of Mist" to the Graveyard. Leichter's hand contains "Five-Headed Dragon", "Dragon Revival Ritual", and "A Deal with Dark Ruler". Leichter then activates "Dragon Revival Ritual" to Tribute all of the Big Five's Deck Masters and  Ritual Summon  " Five-Headed Dragon " (5000/5000) in Attack Position and make it the Big Five's new Deck Master. Since "Five-Headed Dragon" was Ritual Summoned, its first effect activates, destroying all cards on Yami Yugi and Joey's side of the field. Leichter explains that due to the last two effects of "Five-Headed Dragon", it can't  attack  on the turn it's Ritual Summoned and it cannot be destroyed in battle by any  monsters  except  LIGHT  monsters. Leichter then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 20: Joey Wheeler 
Joey draws "Silver Dollar". He then Sets three cards and moves his Deck Master, " Flame Swordsman ", to the field in  Attack Position  (800/1600).
 Turn 21: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Magical Hats". He then moves his Deck Master, " Dark Magician ", to the field in Attack Position (2500/2100). Yami Yugi then activates " Polymerization " to fuse "Dark Magician" with "Flame Swordsman" and  Fusion Summon  " Dark Flare Knight " (2200/800) in Attack Position and make it Yami Yugi and Joey's new Deck Master. 
 "Dark Flare Knight" attacks "Five-Headed Dragon". "Five-Headed Dragon" destroys "Dark Flare Knight", but due to the latter's first effect, all Battle Damage that Yami Yugi would have taken is nullified. Since "Dark Flare Knight" was destroyed in battle and sent to the Graveyard, its second effect activates, allowing Yami Yugi and Joey to  Special Summon  " Mirage Knight " (2800/2000) in Attack Position and make it the new Deck Master for both Yami Yugi and Joey. 
 "Mirage Knight" attacks "Five-Headed Dragon". Due to the effect of "Mirage Knight", it gains  ATK  equal to that of the opposing  monster  ("Mirage Knight": 2800 → 7800/2000) during damage calculation only. "Mirage Knight" destroys "Five-Headed Dragon". Since a Level 8 or above monster was destroyed in battle, Leichter activates his face-down " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to  pay  half his  Life Points  (The Big Five 1200 → 600) and  negate  the  Battle Damage  he would take as well as Special Summon " Berserk Dragon " (3500/0) in Attack Position. "Berserk Dragon" then becomes Leichter's new Deck Master. After damage calculation, the effect of "Mirage Knight" expires ("Mirage Knight": 7800 → 2800/2000). 
 At the end of the Battle Phase, the last effect of "Mirage Knight" activates,  removing itself from play  and Special Summoning "Flame Swordsman" (800/1600) and "Dark Magician" (2500/2100) from Yami Yugi and Joey's Graveyard in Attack Position while the two summoned monsters become Joey and Yami Yugi's Deck Masters again. 
 Yami Yugi then activates " Magical Hats " to hide "Dark Magician" within one of four hats. He then activates the   Deck Master Ability  of "Dark Magician" to pay 1000 Life Points (Yugi 2000 → 1000) and copy the effect of "Magical Hats", allowing Yami Yugi to hide Joey's "Flame Swordsman" within one of four hats.
 Turn 22: The Big Five (Leichter) 
Leichter draws " Spring of Rebirth ". "Berserk Dragon" attacks every "Hat" on Yami Yugi's side of the field via its own effect. The three empty hats are destroyed. "Berserk Dragon" then attacks the hat that "Dark Magician" is under, but Joey orders "Flame Swordsman" to intercept the attack. Joey then activates his face-down " Silver Dollar " to prevent "Flame Swordsman" from being destroyed and nullify the Battle Damage he would take. At the End Phase, "Berserk Dragon" loses 500 ATK due to its second effect ("Berserk Dragon": 3500 → 3000/0).
 Turn 23: Joey Wheeler 
Joey draws. He then activates his face-down " Knight's Title " to Tribute "Dark Magician", Special Summon " Dark Magician Knight " (2500/2100) in Attack Position and, make it Yami Yugi's new Deck Master. Joey then activates "Flame Swordsman's" Deck Master's ability to decrease its ATK by 700 ("Flame Swordsman": 800 → 100/1600) and increase the ATK of "Dark Magician Knight" by the same amount ("Dark Magician Knight": 2500 → 3200/2000).
 Turn 24: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. "Dark Magician Knight" attacks and destroys "Berserk Dragon". (The Big Five: 600 → 400/0) Since the Big Five's Deck Master was destroyed, they automatically lose by default.
 
 Epilogue 
 The Big Five  are defeated, but they still try to advance on the gang to try to steal their bodies.  Noah  stops them. For disappointing him again, Noah deletes them (in the original) / banishes them to the depths of the Virtual World forever (in the dub), then goes off to challenge Seto Kaiba himself. 
 Differences in Adaptations 
 When  The Big Five 's Deck Masters are sacrificed together, the five pointed star is given more points in the dub than usual. 
 Once again,  Mokuba 's eyes while brainwashed glow red in the dub. 
 In the Japanese version, Noah explains to the Big Five that nothing is real in the virtual world and they can't get flesh. 
 In the Japanese version, Noah deleted the Big Five, but in the dub, he simply imprisons each of the Big Five in an isolated portion of the Virtual World. 
 Trivia 
 This is not the first time that a Fusion Monster attacked the turn it was summoned. In  episode 107  with Nezbitt's " Perfect Machine King " and  Serenity 's " St. Joan ". This indicates that  Battle City Rules  may not apply in this arc, although  Yugi  and  Johnson  use a magic card to have their fusion monsters attack immediately in the episodes  099 ,  104  and  118  respectively. 
 Joey is seen to laying three cards face down, however, he only uses two of them, " Knight's Title " and " Silver Dollar ". The third card is  Gamble , based on his hand as seen in the previous episode. Why he chooses to set it is never revealed, as its effect could not have been activated. 
 Errors 
 In the Japanese version, when "Dark Flare Knight" is Summoned, its  Defense Points  are shown as 2200 instead of 800. 
 In the Japanese version, Noah reveals that he never had the ability to give the Big Five new bodies and lied to get them to serve him. This conflicts with the fact that Noah later succeeds in stealing Mokuba's body. Although, this could be interpreted as Noah simply lying to them as a way to destroying all their hopes before banishing/deleting them, for the purposes of being cruel. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Knight 
 Mirage Knight Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dark Flare Knight Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Magical Hats [Notes 1] 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dub ) 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Flame Swordsman [Notes 2] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jinzo Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Knight's Title 
 Traps 
 Silver Dollar 
 
 The Big Five Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Judge Man 
 Robotic Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berserk Dragon 
 Deepsea Warrior 
 Jinzo 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Five-Headed Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Altar of Mist 
 Dragon Revival Ritual 
 Spring of Rebirth [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 A Deal with Dark Ruler [Notes 4] 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Flame Swordsman [Notes 2] 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berserk Dragon 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Rocket Warrior 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Five-Headed Dragon Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragon Master Knight Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Magical Hats [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Silver Dollar 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card was played as a  Magic Card . It was depicted as a  Trap Card  in the English version. It is a Trap Card in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This was played as a  Normal Monster . It is a  Fusion Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in The Big Five's  hand . 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a Trap Card. It is a Magic Card in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 3 episodes 
 #098 " A Virtual Nightmare " #099 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 1 " #100 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 2 " #101 " Isolated In Cyber Space, Part 3 " #102 " Freeze Play, Part 1 " #103 " Freeze Play, Part 2 " #104 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 1 " #105 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 2 " #106 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 1 " #107 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 2 " #108 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #109 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #110 " Noah's Secret " #111 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 1 " #112 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 2 " #113 " Merger of The Big Five, Part 3 " #114 " Brothers in Arms, Part 1 " #115 " Brothers in Arms, Part 2 " #116 " Brothers in Arms, Part 3 " #117 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 1 " #118 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 2 " #119 " So Close Yet So Far " #120 " Burying The Past - Part 1 " #121 " Burying the Past - Part 2 " #122 " Back to Battle City - Part 1 " #123 " Back to Battle City - Part 2 " #124 " Back to Battle City - Part 3 " #125 " The Darkness Returns - Part 1 " #126 " The Darkness Returns - Part 2 " #127 " The Darkness Returns - Part 3 " #128 " The Darkness Returns - Part 4 " #129 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 1 " #130 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 2 " #131 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 3 " #132 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 4 " #133 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 5 " #134 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 6 " #135 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 1 " #136 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 2 " #137 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 3 " #138 " The Final Face Off - Part 1 " #139 " The Final Face Off - Part 2 " #140 " The Final Face Off - Part 3 " #141 " The Final Face Off - Part 4 " #142 " The Final Face Off - Part 5 " #143 " One for the Road " #144 " Looking Back and Moving Ahead " 
 
 
 
 << S1 
 << S2 
 
 
 S4 >> 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! episode 45: " Legendary Heroes, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/DM_113.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140208004331']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes