Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Card_evolutions


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Card evolutions.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Do we have a page for upgraded monsters?  I saw that they were mentioned here.-- DarkMastero  03:26, 2 February 2008 (UTC)
 how about we change the whole page to "Retrained/Upgraded" and add a second section?  71.168.2.60  17:45, 3 February 2008 (UTC)
 
 Since  Jinzo - Returner 's stats differ from those of  Jinzo 7  (which is significant due to  Machine Duplication 's restriction), should it still count as a retrained version? -- Crab Helmet  06:56, 12 May 2008 (UTC)
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Gearfried 
 2   Sad Stories and Bad End 
 3   Gradius 
 4   Machine Emperors/Imperial Soldiers 
 5   restrict to idiol NO!! 
 6   Xyz counterparts 
 7   Warrior of Zera 
 8   A few missing evos 
 
 
 Gearfried 
 Would  Evoltector Chevalier -> Gearfried the Iron Knight -> Gearfried the Swordmaster -> Phoenix Gearfried  count or should Chevalier just vanish?
 
 Sad Stories and Bad End 
 I think that the line goes " Bad End Queen Dragon " - " Sad Story - Unshocking Truth " - " Sad Story - Sorrowful Memories " - " Sad Story - Dreadful Day ". ~MEOW~ Might of the BIRD Empire~~  23:10, 6 August 2009 (UTC)
 
 Gradius 
 Would  Victory Viper XX03  count as a upgraded version of  Gradius ? considering they are suppoesed to be the same ship, Vic Viper.
 
 Machine Emperors/Imperial Soldiers 
 Should they go in the Downgraded Cards section?-- 絶望  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:25, December 30, 2010 (UTC)
 Those aren't downgrades, the Machine Imperial Soldiers are separate monsters from the Machine Emperors. The former are minions for the latter. By your logic a soldier is a downgraded version of a king.
 
 restrict to idiol NO!! 
 relinquished is not a transformation of thousnd eyes restrict ITS A FUSION MONSTER FROM SEASON 1! come on im sorry but plz get this right  —This unsigned comment was made by  67.182.9.80  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:45, 15 November 2012‎ (UTC) 
 
 You're right, but that's just say that Relinquished changed into Thousand-Eyes Restrict as the Fusion Effect "changed" him from one look into the other look. It's treated as transformation. -- i F r e d C a t  10:24, November 15, 2012 (UTC) 
 Xyz counterparts 
 I don't think " Giant Soldier of Steel " is considered a retrained version of " Giant Soldier of Stone ", since the monster depicted looks different. If I was to call it something, it'd be some sort of Xyz counterpart. It, " Legendary Magician of Dark ", " Legendary Dragon of White " and " Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger " are based on "Giant Soldier of Stone", " Dark Magician ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Gaia the Dragon Champion ", having the same ATK, DEF, Level/Rank value, Type and Attribute and a similar, but not identical monster in the artwork. " Magi Magi ☆ Magician Gal " would not be one, as it has different stats and the artwork was intended to be "Dark Magician Girl", not a similar looking monster. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 00:53, April 30, 2013 (UTC)
 
 Warrior of Zera 
 I made an edit regarding Warrior of Zera. Warrior of Zera has three paths, much like other cards have multiple versions. (Warrior Dai Grepher) for example. Anyway, before the edit, it was displayed as;
 
 Warrior of Zera  →  Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  →  Angel of Zera  →  Archlord Zerato  →  Darklord Zerato  →  Mazera DeVille  →  Zera the Mant 
 Indicating that Zera evolved from Darklord Zerato to Mazera DeVille to Zera the Mant. This is not the case, so I split it to display as; 
 
 Warrior of Zera  →  Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  →  Angel of Zera  →  Archlord Zerato  →  Darklord Zerato 
 Warrior of Zera  →  Mazera DeVille 
 Warrior of Zera  →  Zera the Mant 
 Some might think that Darklord Zerato is merely a  Dark Counterpart  to Archlord Zerato, however it seems to be generally accepted that Zera, after becoming an Archlord, became corrupted and joined (or formed) the Darklords. Which is why I kept it displayed as  Archlord Zerato  →  Darklord Zerato  instead of as 
 Archlord Zerato / Darklord Zerato . However, as Mazera Deville and Zera the Mant seem to be the first (and only) stages of the other two paths, someone might decide on slashing it with Zeradias, Herald of Heaven. (much like how for  Warrior Dai Grepher ;  Lightray Grepher ,  Dark Grepher , &  Dark Lucius LV4  were slashed as a branching path.)  I didn't because it seems like those two are more powerful than the first stage of Zera's heaven path, and didn't seem like an accurate branching point. If other contributors that know this page better, feel free to merge the lines and place the branching slash somewhere for Zera's other paths. Although, it seems like, given the format. the other two paths would have to be branched with Zeradias, Herald of Heaven as something like; 
 
 Warrior of Zera  →  Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  →  Angel of Zera  →  Archlord Zerato / Mazera DeVille / Zera the Mant  →  Darklord Zerato 
 could indicate (incorrectly) that Zera took the heaven path normally up to Angel of Zera and the evolving branch is after that point. As well as, Zera the Mant evolves in the Darklord Zerato. (Which it doesn't.) ( Peelster1  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:40, July 16, 2014 (UTC))
 
 Fine by me. Thanks. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:52, July 16, 2014 (UTC) 
 A few missing evos 
 A few missing evos:
 
 Guardian Sphinx  >  Pharaonic Guardian Sphinx 
 Fiend Kraken  >  Doom Kraken 
 Jellyfish  >  Electric Jellyfish 
 Fortress Whale  >  Mega Fortress Whale 
 Kairyu-Shin  >  Ocean Dragon Lord - Kairyu-Shin 
 Shining Friendship  >  Shining Piecephilia 
 Bean Soldier (Rush Duel)  >  Baked Bean Soldier 
 Hero of the East (Rush Duel)  >  Hero of the Yeast  >  Hero of the Assist  /  Hero of the Sweep 
 Pot of Greed (Rush Duel) / Jar of Greed  >  Great Turtle of Greed 
 Umi  >  Big Ocean 
 Basic Insect  >  Bio Insect Armor 
 
 
 
Categories: