Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ms._Chono_(Toei)


 
 Chono 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Chono 
 
 
 Other names  
 Wicked Witch of Expulsion 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 蝶野 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Teacher 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 10: " The Pressing Beautiful Teacher - A Secret Mask " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Masako Katsuki 
 
 
 
 Ms. Chono  (蝶野先生  Chōno-sensei ) is a character in the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . She is the anime incarnation of  Ms. Chono , from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 Ms. Chono was a teacher at Domino High and whose beauty is a strong talking point among male students and teachers. Her beauty is due to an immensely thick layer of make-up, which covers her true ugly face. She enjoys dating, as it gives her the chance to dump men and see them break down. Chono is strict and regularly attempts to get the rules upgraded to stricter terms which would include the banning of all personal items and an increase in punishment for violations.
 
 Biography 
 When  Anzu Mazaki  complained about the strictness of the school, Chono asked Anzu to collect signatures from other students in a petition asking for laxer rules. Unbeknownst to Anzu, Chono had recruited some boys to rip up the signature paper with the exchange that she would erase their rule-breaking from their permanent records for doing so. 
 After  Yugi Mutou  witnessed the meeting, his other self,  Dark Yugi  emerged and challenged Chono to a game involving two mirrors and being blindfolded. 
 
       Chono's  Penalty Game     
 Realizing that Chono had cheated and used her position to hurt Anzu, Dark Yugi inflicted a Penalty Game, causing her beautiful appearance to fall off like jigsaw pieces while finally revealing her true face which was so dry that it resembled a mummy. Humiliated, Chono fled the classroom, crying and covered her face to avoid being detected. 
 When she reacted angrily to a proposal, insisting things had to be stricter, Chono's make-up began to crack, causing her to flee the room while her male colleagues remarked that there was more make-up than skin on her face. She was later seen in the bathroom, desperately trying to preserve her make-up while demanding to know why it wouldn't stay in place. It's presumed that Dark Yugi's Penalty Game is a permanent effect and as such, whenever Chono attempts to lie, her face will continue to crack.  [1] 
 She later appeared with  Ryuichi Fuwa  and had her face cracked again although her ugly self was not seen. It was used to introduce the next scene instead. [2] 
 Chono appeared again teaching a class. However, as she did not do anything bad, her face did not crack. [3] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 10: " The Pressing Beautiful Teacher - A Secret Mask " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 12: " A Lucky Foe Calls Out - The Invincible Legend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 18: " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Chono-Toei.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141215204030', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/FSx010_Penalty_Game.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110622112918']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters