Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_142


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 142 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 バトルシティ終結！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Batoru Shiti Shūketsu! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Battle City Ends! 
 
 
 English 
 The Final Face Off - Part 5 
 
 
 Number 
 142 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 28, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 28, 2004 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Final Face Off - Part 4 " 
 " One for the Road " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Final Face Off - Part 5" , known as  "Battle City Closes!  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and forty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  second series anime . It first aired in Japan on January 28, 2003.
 Yugi Muto  is able to free  Marik Ishtar  from the influence of  Yami Marik , and due to a forfeit declared by his opponent, Yugi wins the Duel and " The Winged Dragon of Ra "—but  Seto Kaiba  soon decides to destroy  Alcatraz , to erase the memory of his loss in  Battle City , and there is no way off the island before it explodes.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Featured Duel: Yami Marik vs. Yugi Muto - Part 5 
 2   Epilogue 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Changes to the English Dub 
 5   Errors 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Marik vs. Yugi Muto - Part 5 
 Duel continues from previous episode. 
 Yami Yugi has 700  Life Points  remaining and controls " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) and " Dark Magician Girl " in Attack Position and "Ragnarok".
 Yami Marik has 1 Life Point remaining and controls "The Winged Dragon of Ra" (4899/3399) in Attack Position and " Jam Defender ".
 Turn 15: Marik 
At this point,  Odion  arrives and helps the real  Marik  partly regain  control  over  Yami Marik . Yami Yugi removes from play all  monsters  in his  hand ,  Deck  and  Graveyard  in order to activate " Ragnarok ", which removes from play all of Yami Marik's monsters. Since  Yami Marik  was fused with " The Winged Dragon of Ra " at the time it was removed from play, a large part of him is also banished, allowing the real  Marik  to regain control of his body.  Marik   Surrenders  the  Duel , banishing  Yami Marik  once and for all ( Marik  1 → 0).
 
 Epilogue 
 As per the  ante rule  of the  Battle City  Tournament,  Yugi  is awarded  Marik 's rarest card: " The Winged Dragon of Ra ". 
 Marik  then shows Yugi the "Secret of the Pharaoh", which has been emblazoned on his back.   Yugi  recognizes that image as the  " Tablet of Lost Memories " from  Domino Museum . However, it is not the exact same, although quite similar; both Marik's back and the tablet have the wings at the top, the 3 Egyptian God Cards in the middle and hieroglyphics on both sides of Slifer's carving/tattoo; although in Marik's back there is a tattoo of the Millennium Ankh between the God Cards with only hieroglyphics at the bottom of his back, while the tablet has the Millennium Puzzle in between the images of the God Cards, a few hieroglyphics all around, and the picture of Priest Seto and Pharaoh Atem, along with their favorite monsters, at the bottom instead. 
 Marik  also reassures  Yugi  that all of  Yami Marik 's victims have recovered from their  Penalty Games  ("revived from the  Shadow Realm " in the dub) and then gives  Yugi  the  Millennium Rod  and the  Millennium Ring , informing  Yugi  that they will both be safer out of his possession. 
 Suddenly,  Seto Kaiba  informs everyone that he plans to destroy  Alcatraz  in 1 hour, but  Kaiba Craft 3  is completely devoid of power, and they have no way off the island. 
 Joey  and the others arrives at  Mai 's room to see that she still hasn't woke up, with him begging her to wake up and  Serenity  crying, However Mai opened her eyes as it was revealed that not only was her mind freed from Marik but she and Serenity decide to play a little trick on the others by pretending to still be asleep. 
 Bakura  is shown to also return back to normal as he was seen eating in the kitchen. 
 Trivia 
 The darkness surrounding the field seems to be writhing when Odion shows up. 
 With episode, its revealed what and how many monsters that Yugi has in his deck.
 Therefore, Yugi likely has a  Side Deck  as well, as neither  Feral Imp ,  Summoned Skull ,  Berfomet , or  Electromagnetic Turtle  are among the monsters that help pull  Ra  into  Ragnarok . 
 Changes to the English Dub 
 When Marik's eye becomes visible on Yami Marik's face, a bright golden glow is added around it, which is used in all subsequent shots. 
 A scene in which Yami Marik disintegrates after being attacked by "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl" is removed from the dub. 
 A few seconds of Yami Marik's eye writhing about in pain before disappearing permanently are removed from the dub. 
 Errors 
 When Marik gives Yami Yugi the Millennium Rod and the Millennium Ring, he has no gold neck rings. 
 As the scene switches over to show the gang and Marik on the dueling ring after Kaiba yells that the victory celebration has gone on long enough, Marik still has no neck rings and also does not have his left arm's ring. 
 As Kaiba continues, saying the tournament is over, Marik's left arm ring has returned, but he only has 2 neck rings instead of 3. 
 After Kaiba says the Duel Tower will explode and the scene shows the dueling ring, Ishizu and Odion are now on it; also, Marik's left arm ring is gone again. 
 When Joey and the others arrived to see if Mai has awakened from her nightmare by Marik, one frame shot shows her without her lipstick but in the name frame shot, she has it on. 
 The dueling ring also has issues with the locations of the Kaiba brothers, who are seen both on and below the dueling ring, although they are not seen moving off of it after the first time Kaiba steps onto his ring. Seto Kaiba and Mokuba, to his right, step onto the dueling ring for the first time since the duel in order for Kaiba to congratulate Yami Yugi for winning his Battle City tournament. However, after Kaiba yells the victory celebration has gone on long enough, Mokuba is not seen next to his right on the dueling ring.  Additionally, after Joey and Tristan freak out about Kaiba's warning that the Duel Tower will explode, Kaiba is next seen standing below the ring instead, and with Mokuba to his right once again. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yami Marik Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra [Notes 1] 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Beta The Magnet Warrior 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Dark Magician 
 Gamma The Magnet Warrior 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Beast of Gilfer 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Buster Blader 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 King's Knight 
 Kuriboh 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Ragnarok 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card belongs to Marik, but it was given to Yugi after Marik surrendered. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 3 episodes 
 #098 " A Virtual Nightmare " #099 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 1 " #100 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 2 " #101 " Isolated In Cyber Space, Part 3 " #102 " Freeze Play, Part 1 " #103 " Freeze Play, Part 2 " #104 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 1 " #105 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 2 " #106 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 1 " #107 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 2 " #108 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #109 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #110 " Noah's Secret " #111 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 1 " #112 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 2 " #113 " Merger of The Big Five, Part 3 " #114 " Brothers in Arms, Part 1 " #115 " Brothers in Arms, Part 2 " #116 " Brothers in Arms, Part 3 " #117 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 1 " #118 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 2 " #119 " So Close Yet So Far " #120 " Burying The Past - Part 1 " #121 " Burying the Past - Part 2 " #122 " Back to Battle City - Part 1 " #123 " Back to Battle City - Part 2 " #124 " Back to Battle City - Part 3 " #125 " The Darkness Returns - Part 1 " #126 " The Darkness Returns - Part 2 " #127 " The Darkness Returns - Part 3 " #128 " The Darkness Returns - Part 4 " #129 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 1 " #130 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 2 " #131 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 3 " #132 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 4 " #133 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 5 " #134 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 6 " #135 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 1 " #136 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 2 " #137 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 3 " #138 " The Final Face Off - Part 1 " #139 " The Final Face Off - Part 2 " #140 " The Final Face Off - Part 3 " #141 " The Final Face Off - Part 4 " #142 " The Final Face Off - Part 5 " #143 " One for the Road " #144 " Looking Back and Moving Ahead " 
 
 
 
 << S1 
 << S2 
 
 
 S4 >> 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Yugioh142.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120917053519']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes