Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Episode_117


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 逆上のカイト 究極の師弟血戦！！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Gyakujō no Kaito Kyūkyoku no Shitei Kessen!! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Kaito in a Frenzy - The Ultimate Teacher-Student Confrontation!! 
 
 
 English 
 Now or Never, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 117 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 18, 2013 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 5, 2014 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Dual-ism of Mirrors " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " GO WAY GO WAY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Halfway To Forever " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hiroyuki Okuno 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Now or Never, Part 2 ", known as " Kaito in a Frenzy - The Ultimate Teacher-Student Confrontation!! " in the Japanese version, is the one hundredth and seventeenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 18, 2013.
 Kite  and  Quinton  have found a way to open the door to the  Astral World , so they prepare to see  Yuma  off to the such world. However, at that time, another one of  Mr. Heartland 's  assassins  appears in order to prevent  Astral 's resurrection! Kite and Quinton Tag Team in a Duel to stop him. However, Kite is tormented inside a hallucination due to a dastardly trap by the enemy, as his " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " gets confused in the hallucination as well! In front of the door to the Astral World that's about to open, will Kite and Quinton's tag team combination be able to let Yuma start his journey?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Kite Tenjo and Quinton vs. Scritch 
 2.2   Kite Tenjo vs. Quinton 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuma  says he knew that  Scritch   Summoned  " Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito ", but it is nowhere to be seen.  Quinton  wonders where it is, while Scritch chuckles and reminds him that it is right in front of him.  Kite 's vision starts to blur and Scritch remarks that his vision is failing. Kite gets a grip and wonders why he felt dizzy all of a sudden. Quinton asks him what's wrong, but his student replies that it's nothing. Scritch laughs to himself and Yuma curses at the Barian from his force field while looking for the "Number" Scritch Summoned. Suddenly, Yuma realizes that he can see the "Number".  Tori  glances to the direction Yuma pointed. He clarifies that the "Number" is on Scritch's left shoulder, as a tiny green speck. Scritch praises his enemies for finally being able to see his "Number" (in the dub, Scritch tells his enemies that big things come in small packages and they should wish they had never seen the "Number" after seeing its effects). He  Sets  a card and ends his  turn .
 Quinton  draws  " Micron Force " on his turn. He thinks that even though "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" has 0  ATK , it must have a powerful effect. As Quinton makes his move, he also thinks that he cannot know the tone of a bell unless he rings it (Quinton does not make this metaphor in the dub). He  attacks  "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" with " Number 9: Dyson Sphere ". The surprised Barian is caught in the resulting explosion. Yuma cheers; Quinton may have inflicted a large amount of  damage  on Scritch. When the explosion clears, Scritch laughs and calls Quinton naive. He reveals that he  activated  the effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito". By  detaching  an  Overlay Unit , "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" cannot be  destroyed by battle ; also, the damage Scritch took is reduced to 0. He thinks to himself that the true terror of his monster has already begun as  a pink speck  on Kite's " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " glints briefly (a shot of "Galaxy-Eyes" is cut from the dub). Quinton reminds himself on the effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito", then thinks that the monster must have more effects than that and wonders what Scritch is planning (in the dub, Quinton tells Scritch to enjoy this while he can because Kite will take him down). He Sets two cards and ends his turn.
 Kite asks Tori about the dimensional transporter's energy levels. She replies that the energy is at 72%. Scritch laughs and deduces that Kite and Quinton need more time to send Yuma to the  Astral World  (in the dub, Scritch says this should give him enough time to destroy the transporter). After Kite draws, he falters. Quinton is concerned, but Kite assures him he's fine. Scritch wonders if the poison he injected into Kite earlier is starting to work. As his vision continues to blur, Kite reminds himself that "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" can block battle damage and prevent its own destruction by battle by detaching an Overlay Unit. Because of this, it will take longer to hunt (in the dub, Kite declares that it's been a while, but he will start "Number" hunting again). He attacks "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" with "Galaxy-Eyes". He activates its effect,  banishing  itself and the attack target until the end of the  Battle Phase . If the target was an Xyz Monster, "Galaxy-Eyes" will then gain 500 ATK for each Overlay Unit that target had. "Galaxy-Eyes" stops short and Kite then realizes that it stopped attacking. Scritch calls Kite stupid and says "Galaxy-Eyes" got poisoned by a  Hallucination Counter . He clarifies that when he used the effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" on Quinton's turn, he also put a Hallucination Counter on "Galaxy-Eyes". Monsters with Hallucination Counters have their effects  negated  and cannot destroy "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" by battle; also, the damage that Scritch would have taken is inflicted to his opponent. Since the Duel is a  Battle Royal , Scritch can inflict the damage to either Kite or Quinton. Yuma exclaims that the damage "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" reflected back is 3000. Tori says Kite or Quinton will lose if either one takes the damage (their remarks are cut from the dub). Scritch chooses to inflict the damage to Quinton, since the huge size of "Dyson Sphere" is starting to bug him. "Galaxy-Eyes" turns on Quinton and fires its attack, but Quinton activates his  Continuous Trap Card , "Micron Force". This halves the ATK of a  face-up  monster on the field. He targets "Galaxy-Eyes" for this effect, which reduces its ATK to 1500. "Galaxy-Eyes" continues its attack, which knocks Quinton back and reduces him to 500  LP . Scritch is annoyed that Quinton escaped defeat. Kite begins to ask Quinton if he is okay, but starts to succumb to the poison. He weakly reaches for two cards in his hand, Sets them and ends his turn. Scritch is pleased that his poison is starting to work on Kite.
 Quinton urges Kite to pull himself together, since this is no ordinary Duel (in the dub, Quinton realizes that something is wrong with Kite, even if his student keeps insisting he is fine). Kite says he knows. Quinton tells him that he knows who will be defeated, before suddenly transforming into Scritch from Kite's perspective. Kite recovers and declares that he will defeat the Barian. Scritch taunts Kite on how he will defeat him. In reality, Quinton wonders what got into his student. From Kite's point of view, Scritch encourages Kite to try and defeat him. Kite yells that he will not only try, but he will beat Scritch and the "Number" to hell. Yuma and Tori wonder why Kite would try and defeat Quinton. Scritch is finally pleased that his poison took full effect. The poison, "Scientific Ninja Art: Dreamy Hallucination Technique", causes its victim to see hallucinations. "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" appears to be pleased as well, while laughing with Scritch's verbal tic of "ka" (the kanji of Scritch's ninja art is cut from the dub; also, Scritch feels that his plan is a dream come true). Scritch  Normal Summons  " Mosquito Commando " He  Tributes  it to place a Hallucination Counter on a face-up monster. "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" fires a missile at Quinton's "Dyson Sphere". It makes contact with the core of "Dyson Sphere" and the large monster's panels glow yellow. Now, "Dyson Sphere" will do as Scritch pleases. Scritch activates the  Spell Card  " Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Combustion ". This inflicts 600 damage to all players for each monster they control with a Hallucination Counter. Kite takes the flames head-on, but Quinton activates his Set " Elastic Space " to redirect the 1200 damage to Scritch, while protecting himself from further effect damage this turn. From Kite's perspective, Scritch morphs into Quinton. Seeing his mentor in danger, Kite activates his Set " Power Exchange ", which decreases the ATK of a monster he controls by the amount of effect damage inflicted, while reducing the effect damage to 0. The fireball stops short over Scritch's head, then makes a turn over to "Galaxy-Eyes". "Galaxy-Eyes" takes the hit, with its ATK reduced from 1500 to 300. Scritch calls this a close one and thanks Kite for saving him. Yuma is shocked that Kite reduced the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes" to help his enemy and notes that Kite had been acting weird during the Duel. Scritch agrees with Yuma and says this was all thanks to the poison he injected Kite with before the Duel began. Yuma repeats, "poison?!" and Quinton says Scritch didn't have time to inject the poison into Kite (in the dub, Quinton says he was with Kite before the Duel and he did not see Scritch inject the poison). Scritch reveals that the trap had already been set before Kite and Quinton came, thanks to a harmless insect bite (in the dub, Scritch specifies that he injected Kite with the poison while he was telling Yuma about Astral). Yuma says he understands now. Scritch taunts Yuma for taking too long to notice; girls will not like inattentive boys like Yuma (in the dub, Scritch thanks Yuma for the compliment of being sneaky). A frustrated Quinton thinks "Galaxy-Eyes" is the key to their victory. Now that Kite is poisoned and hallucinating, Quinton must snap his student out of it. He closes his eyes and remembers a flashback.
 At  Heartland Tower , Kite and Chris are Dueling. The supervisor warns Chris that this is enough. He and Kite were Dueling nonstop for the past week. Chris yells, "not yet!" and activates his Set " Blasting the Ruins ", inflicting 3000 damage to Kite. He yells at Kite to stand up; this Duel is not over. Chris yells at Kite again, but the supervisor intervenes; even as an experiment for pushing Kite to Duel in order to wake up his latent survival instincts, this is too much. Chris denies the supervisor's statement. As long as a single LP remains, even if your heart stops beating, a true Duelist must fight until the very end. The supervisor warns Chris that if this keeps up, Kite's life will be in serious danger. Chris yells, "So be it!" If Kite falls now, this means he was not ready to start with; if he stands up, he has the will of a true Duelist. Chris continues to urge Kite to stand up.
 Back in the present, Quinton decides to snap Kite out of the hallucination. After drawing, Quinton attacks "Galaxy-Eyes" with "Dyson Sphere". Tori questions why Quinton would attack Kite. Yuma says Kite only has 2000 LP; if the attack goes through, he will be defeated. As "Dyson Sphere" charges up its panels, Scritch asks Quinton if he lost his mind after running out of ideas (in the dub, Scritch remarks that Quinton is hallucinating too) and if this is the end for Kite. Quinton urges Kite to awaken his Dueling instincts (in the dub, Quinton yells that Kite does not have what it takes to win). Kite perks up, then his eyes glow red and blue. He recalls his training session he had with Quinton several years ago. After getting up, Kite's body was surrounded by a pink aura and he screams. In the past and present, Quinton congratulates Kite for awakening his instincts. "Dyson Sphere" looses its light beams on to "Galaxy-Eyes", destroying it. Yuma and Tori look on in horror, while Scritch asks if the attack went through and laughs (in the dub, he remarks, "One down, one to go"). When the smoke clears, Kite stands strong, with his LP reduced to 500, to his friends' relief and Scritch's horror. Scritch shakes and nervously asks why Kite is still standing. Kite reveals that he activated his Set " Prevent Reborn ", as an  Attack Position  monster was destroyed, to decrease the damage he took by 1000. Yuma is glad that Kite broke free of the hallucination, while Scritch asks how Kite did it. Kite explains that his survival instincts as a Duelist were ingrained into his immune system. His blazing hot blood neutralized Scritch's poison by burning it away. As Kite speaks, the spot where Scritch bit him fades away. Scritch is in disbelief that Kite fought off the poison. Kite yells at Scritch that he made a mockery out of the Duel with his dirty tricks and he will pay because of that. He reveals the other effect of "Prevent Reborn" to Special Summon the monster that was destroyed by this battle. He Summons "Galaxy-Eyes". Since "Galaxy-Eyes" left the field earlier, its Hallucination Counter is removed. Kite declares that he removed the traps Scritch set up. Tori exclaims Kite and Quinton did it; now they can fight back. Yuma sighs in relief and says he was wondering what would happen if Kite didn't wake up. Quinton chimes in and adds that there's no way the attack would have woken up Kite, since he was the one who trained Kite to be a true Duelist. Yuma thinks on how awesome Kite and Quinton are; their bonds have been built upon absolute trust. Thinking about the bond also makes Yuma remember the unbreakable bond he had with  Astral  (in the dub, Yuma adds that his bond with Astral was taken away from him). Yuma curses at himself for thinking about Astral at a time like this. Quinton Sets two cards and ends his turn.
 After his  Draw Phase , Kite attacks "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" with "Galaxy-Eyes" and activates its effect, banishing both itself and the attack target until the end of the Battle Phase. Kite ends his Battle Phase and both monsters  return  to the field, with "Galaxy-Eyes" gaining 500 ATK for each Overlay Unit "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" had. Now that "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" has no Overlay Units, Kite compares it to an ordinary mosquito with its wings torn off. Scritch activates his Set " Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Repellent " in response (the kanji of the ninjutsu art is cut from the dub). This lets him banish all " Mosquito " monsters from his Graveyard to have a monster without any Overlay Units gain 1000 ATK for each banished monster. Scritch banishes "Mosquito Commando" and three copies of " Mosquito Force ". As the "Mosquito" monsters are banished, they transform into swarms of smaller mosquitos. "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" flies up and is surrounded by the swarms, which take on a magenta aura. The swarms eventually form into a larger version of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito", increasing its ATK to 4000. Quinton muses that Scritch was hiding another trump card. Tori calls Scritch out for disliking large monsters. Scritch insists that he does, which is why he has to eliminate Kite and Quinton (this exchange is cut from the dub). He reveals the other effect of "Mosquito Repellent": the targeted monster is banished at the end of the turn, with its ATK inflicted as damage to both his opponents. A fuse below "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" starts to run down; Scritch says that as soon as the turn is over, Kite and Quinton will be defeated. Yuma yells Quinton's and Kite's names and pushes against the force field. Kite reminds Yuma to remain still and he complies, with the force field fading away slightly. Quinton also tells Yuma not to move. Yuma starts to protest, but Kite and Quinton remind him that they're Dueling to send him to the Astral World. If they fail, the victory will be pointless. Scritch asks his opponents on what they are babbling about. The Battle Phase already ended and "Mosquito Repellent" was activated, meaning Kite and Quinton will lose. Even if Yuma made it to the Astral World, Scritch can just destroy the transporter to ensure he will not return (in the dub, Scritch says if Kite and Quinton think they won't be defeated, they must still be hallucinating). 
 Kite says Scritch is trapped in his own hallucinations and he will wake up the Barian from it. He activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Eternal Spell ". This lets Kite use the effect of a Continuous Spell Card in an opponent's Graveyard. He chooses Quinton's " Hologram Projection ", which lets him Special Summon it as a monster with the same stats as a monster he controls. He targets his "Galaxy-Eyes". Scritch calls "Hologram Projection" a cheap imitation of "Galaxy-Eyes". It is destroyed when it is targeted by an attack or card effect. Kite and Quinton say that this is true, which is why they used it. Quinton activates his Set " Power Analysis ", which makes the ATK of a  Machine - Type  monster he controls equal to the ATK of another monster. He targets "Dyson Sphere" and "Galaxy-Eyes", increasing the former's ATK to 4000. Quinton also activates his Set " Paradox Synthesis ", which Tributes an Xyz Monster he controls and a monster an opponent controls to increase the ATK of another monster by the combined ATK of the Tributed monsters. Scritch exclaims, "You can't!", but Quinton continues by Tributing "Dyson Sphere" and "Hologram Projection" to increase the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes" to 12000. "Galaxy-Eyes" also grows in size, causing Scritch to shake in terror as it eventually dwarfs "Ninja Shadow Mosquito". He repeats the ATK value in shock, but calls Kite's and Quinton's efforts useless, as the Battle Phase ended. Quinton asks the Barian if he's so sure, causing the latter to exclaim, "What?!" Kite activates " Miracle Galaxy ", since he took no damage during the last Battle Phase. Stars surround "Galaxy-Eyes" as Kite explains the effect of the card he just activated. He can conduct another Battle Phase, but only one monster may attack. Scritch yells, "What did you say?!" (in the dub, Scritch begs for mercy by asking for a negotiation) Kite says he will not listen to Scritch's repentance. He attacks "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" with "Galaxy-Eyes" and tells Scritch to burn in hell. Kite declares " Photon Stream of Destruction !" and "Galaxy-Eyes" commences its attack. The attack knocks Scritch back and reverts him to his human form. As his LP hit 0, Scritch asks how this should end before disappearing and leaving his "Number" card behind. Kite takes the card. Tori and Yuma cheer that Kite and Quinton won. 
 Quinton calls the Duel splendid. Kite tells Quinton that this was all thanks to him. Tori screams and reports that the energy levels hit 100%. Yuma turns his attention to the portal, which gives off yellow light. Quinton tells him that the time has come. Kite encourages Yuma to bring Astral back at all costs. Yuma nods, and yells something to Tori, but she cannot hear it (in the dub, Yuma's speech is audible; he asks Tori if she knows he'll come back). Tori yells to Yuma that he better come back. Yuma nods as blue light engulfs him completely and gets released into the sky. Tori says this is a promise. In between dimensions, Yuma promises Astral to bring him back and yells " kattobingu !".
 
 Featured Duels 
 Kite Tenjo and Quinton vs. Scritch 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Scritch 
 Scritch   Sets  a card.
 Turn 4: Quinton 
 Quinton   draws  "Micron Force". " Number 9: Dyson Sphere "  attacks  " Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito ", but Scritch  activates  the second  effect  of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" to  detach  an  Overlay Unit  ("Ninja Shadow Mosquito": 3 → 2 ORU), prevent "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" from being destroyed, and reduce the  battle damage  he would take to 0. Scritch then uses the second effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" to place a  Hallucination Counter  on " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", which subsequently negates the latter monster's effects. Quinton Sets two cards.
 Turn 5: Kite 
Kite's hand is shown to contain " Galaxy Knight ". Kite draws. "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" attacks "Ninja Shadow Mosquito", and Kite activates the effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" to banish both battling monsters, but it does not work. As "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" was targeted for an attack by a monster with a Hallucination Counter, Scritch activates the third effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" to prevent its destruction and inflict the battle damage he would take to the opponent instead. As this is a  Battle Royal , Scritch chooses to inflict the battle damage to Quinton. Quinton activates his face-down " Micron Force " to halve the  original ATK  of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" ("Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon": 3000 → 1500 ATK) before the damage is subtracted (Quinton: 2000 → 500 LP). Kite Sets two cards.
 Turn 6: Scritch 
Scritch draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Mosquito Commando " ( 2/300/0) in Attack Position. Since he controls "Ninja Shadow Mosquito", Scritch activates the effect of "Mosquito Commando" to  Tribute  itself and place a Hallucination Counter on "Dyson Sphere", which subsequently negates its effects due to the effect of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito". He then activates " Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Combustion " to inflict 600 damage to each player for each monster they control with a "Hallucination Counter". Quinton activates his face-down " Elastic Space " to inflict the damage to Scritch instead and prevent himself from receiving effect damage for the remainder of this turn. Thinking the damage is actually being directed towards Quinton due to the hallucination he is currently experiencing, Kite activates his face-down " Power Exchange " to decrease the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" by the damage that Scritch would take and reduce the damage to 0 ("Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon": 1500 → 300 ATK).
 Turn 7: Quinton 
Quinton draws. "Dyson Sphere" attacks and destroys "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon". At this point, Kite frees himself from the hallucination that he was trapped in. Kite activates his face-down " Prevent Reborn " to reduce the battle damage he would take by 1000 (Kite: 2000 → 500 LP) and revive "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" ( 8/3000/2500) in Attack Position. Quinton Sets two cards. 
 Turn 8: Kite 
Kite draws. "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" attacks "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" and Kite activates the effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" to  banish  both battling monsters. At the end of the  Battle Phase , "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" ( 8/3000/2500) and "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" ( 2/0/0) are Special Summoned from the Banished Zone and the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" increases by 500 for each Overlay Unit "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" had when it was banished ("Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon": 3000 → 4000 ATK). Scritch activates his face-down " Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Repellent " to banish his three copies of " Mosquito Force " and one "Mosquito Commando" from his Graveyard and increase the ATK of "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" by 1000 for each monster banished this way ("Ninja Shadow Mosquito": 0 → 4000 ATK). 
 Kite activates " Eternal Spell " to target " Hologram Projection " (a  Continuous Spell Card ) from Quinton's Graveyard and make the effect of "Eternal Spell" the same as "Hologram Projection", which Kite uses to target "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" and Special Summon "Eternal Spell" in Attack Position with the same name,  Type ,  Attribute ,  Level , ATK, and  DEF  as "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon". [Notes 1]  Quinton activates his face-down " Power Analysis " to target "Dyson Sphere" (a Machine-Type monster) and change its ATK to that of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" ("Dyson Sphere": 2800 → 4000 ATK). Quinton then activates his face-down " Paradox Synthesis " to Tribute "Eternal Spell" (a Level 5 or higher monster his opponent controls) and "Dyson Sphere" (an Xyz Monster he controls) and increase the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" by the combined ATK of the Tributed monsters ("Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon": 4000 → 12000 ATK). As he took no battle damage during his Battle Phase, Kite activates " Miracle Galaxy " to allow him to conduct a second Battle Phase, but only one monster may attack. "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" attacks and destroys "Ninja Shadow Mosquito" (Scritch: 8000 → 0 LP).
 
 Kite Tenjo vs. Quinton 
 Duel  is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Kite   controls  no cards and has 3100  LP , while  Quinton  controls a  Set  card.
 Quinton's turn 
Quinton  activates  his  face-down  " Blasting the Ruins ", inflicting 3000 damage to Kite (Kite: 3100 → 100 LP).
 The rest of the Duel is not shown.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Kite Tenjo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Galaxy Knight [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Eternal Spell 
 Miracle Galaxy 
 Traps 
 Power Exchange 
 Prevent Reborn 
 
 Quinton Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 9: Dyson Sphere Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hologram Projection 
 Traps 
 Elastic Space 
 Micron Force 
 Paradox Synthesis 
 Power Analysis 
 
 Scritch Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mosquito Commando 
 Mosquito Force Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Combustion 
 Traps 
 Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Repellent 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 2: Ninja Shadow Mosquito Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Photon World 
 Traps 
 Blasting the Ruins 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   How " Hologram Projection " entered the  Graveyard  is unknown, as it was used as an  Overlay Unit  for " Number 9: Dyson Sphere ", which  detached  no Overlay Units during the Duel. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in  Kite 's  hand  during the Duel. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   season 2 episodes 
 #074 " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " #075 " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " #076 " Hard Knox " #077 " Rule Duel " #078 " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " #079 " Doom in Bloom " #080 " Rivals in the Ring " #081 " The Friendship Games " #082 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " #083 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " #084 " Playing Defense " #085 " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " #086 " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " #087 " Dual Duel: Part 1 " #088 " Dual Duel: Part 2 " #089 " Darkness Dawns " #090 " You Give Love a Bot Name " #091 " Take a Chance " #092 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " #093 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " #094 " Enter Vector " #095 " The Search for Shadows " #096 " Shadows of Deception " #097 " Sinister Shadows " #098 " Shadows End " #099 " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " #100 " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " #101 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " #102 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " #103 " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " #104 " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " #105 " Put to the Test: Part 1 " #106 " Put to the Test: Part 2 " #107 " Furry Fury " #108 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " #109 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " #110 " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " #111 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " #112 " Memory Thief: Part 1 " #113 " Memory Thief: Part 2 " #114 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " #115 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " #116 " Now or Never, Part 1 " #117 " Now or Never, Part 2 " #118 " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " #119 " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " #120 " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " #121 " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " #122 " Assimilation, Part 1 " #123 " Assimilation, Part 2 " #124 " Battle with the Barians " #125 " Fight for a Friend " #126 " Farewell for a Friend " #127 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #128 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #129 " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " #130 " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " #131 " Power Play " #132 " Barian vs. Barian " #133 " Vector the Victor " #134 " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " #135 " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " #136 " The Forsaken Palace " #137 " Clash of the Emperors " #138 " The New World " #139 " The Source Code " #140 " A Thousand Ways to Lose " #141 " The Fate of Three Worlds " #142 " The Battle of Three Worlds " #143 " The Future of Three Worlds " #144 " Last First Duel " #145 " Outclassed and Outmatched " #146 " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Zexal_117.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130818094040', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL episodes