Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Seto_Kaiba%27s_Duelist_Kingdom_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba's Duelist Kingdom Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 On top of  Pegasus Castle ,  Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 22:  " Face Off, Part 1 " 23:  " Face Off, Part 2 " 24:  " Face Off, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Seto Kaiba  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  a similar duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Prior Events 
 2   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi Vs. Seto Kaiba 
 3   Aftermath 
 4   Errors 
 
 
 Prior Events 
 After Seto Kaiba finds his brother  Mokuba Kaiba ,  Maximillion Pegasus  interrupts the reunion and uses the power of his  Millenium Eye  to seal Mokuba's soul into a card. He then offers Kaiba 5 star chips and an ultimatum: If he can beat Yugi in a duel he will be allowed to duel Pegasus, then if he wins that duel he will return Mokuba's soul to his body. With no choice, Kaiba agrees to the terms.
 Outside,  Yugi Muto  and his friends not only get out of the cave, they discover that they arrived at Pegasus' Castle. Tea thinks about how there could be two Yugis and thinks back to when she not only met Yugi, but how his alter-ego saved her life.
 As soon as they are about to walk up the stairs, they see Kaiba at the top, who declares he wants a rematch with Yugi. Reluctantly he accepts.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi Vs. Seto Kaiba 
 Turn 1: Seto Kaiba 
Kaiba Draws. He  Normal Summons  " Ryu-Kishin Powered " ( 1600 / 1400 ) in  Attack Position . His  hand  contains " Battle Ox ", " Saggi the Dark Clown ", " Ancient Lamp ", and " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ".
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi  Draws. He Normal Summons " Curse of Dragon " ( 2000 / 1500 ) in Attack Position. "Curse of Dragon"  attacks  and  destroys  "Ryu-Kishin Powered" (Kaiba: 2000 → 1600  LP ). Yugi's  hand  contains " Multiply ", " Monster Replace ", " Dark Magician ", and " The Eye of Truth ".
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
Kaiba  draws  " Swordstalker " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 2000 / 1600 ) in Attack Position. Since a monster was  destroyed by battle  during the previous  turn , "Swordstalker" gains  ATK  equal to 20% of its  original ATK  ("Swordstalker": 2000 → 2400/1600). "Swordstalker" attacks "Curse of Dragon", but Yugi  activates  " Monster Replace " to return "Curse of Dragon" to his hand and  Special Summon  "Dark Magician" ( 2500 / 2100 ) in Attack Position. Since "Swordstalker's" original  attack target  has  left the field , the attack is  negated .
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi Draws. "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Swordstalker" (Kaiba: 1600 → 1500 LP). Yugi then Normal Summons "Curse of Dragon" ( 2000 / 1500 ) in Attack Position.
 Turn 5: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 1800 / 1000 ) in Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
"Dark Magician" attacks "La Jinn", but Kaiba activates "Ancient Lamp" to redirect the attack to "Curse of Dragon", destroying it instead (Yugi: 2000 → 1500 LP).
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
 Kaiba   draws  " De-Spell " and subsequently  activates  it to  destroy  Yugi's "Swords of Revealing Light".
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Mystic Box ". He then activates "The Eye of Truth" to see Kaiba's hand. Kaiba's hand is shown to contain "De-Spell", "Ancient Lamp", "Saggi the Dark Clown", and "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Yugi then activates "Mystic Box" to destroy "Ancient Lamp". "Dark Magician"  attacks  and destroys "La Jinn" (Kaiba: 1500 → 800 LP).
 Turn 9: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Crush Card Virus ". He then  Normal Summons  "Saggi the Dark Clown" ( 600 / 1500 ) in  Defense Position  and  Sets  1 card.
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yugi recalls "Dark Magician" back into his hand. He draws "[[Gaia The Fierce Knight (manga)|]]" and subsequently Normal Summons it ( ??? / ??? ) in Attack Position. "Gaia" attacks and destroys "Saggi". Kaiba then activates "Crush Card Virus" to destroy every  monster  that has 1500 or more  ATK  on Yugi's side of the  field  and hand. As a result, "Gaia the Fierce Knight" and "Dark Magician" are destroyed. Every other monster in Yugi's  Deck  that has 1500 or more ATK is rendered useless.
 Turn 11: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws a card and passes his turn.
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Summoned Skull ", which he cannot use because of "Crush Card Virus". Yugi Normal Summons " Silver Fang " ( 1200 / 800 ) in Defense Position. 
 Turn 13: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws his second "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Kaiba Normal Summons "Battle Ox" ( 1700 / 1000 ) in Attack Position. "Battle Ox" attacks and destroys "Silver Fang". Kaiba's hand contains " Gift of the Mystical Elf " and "Blue-Eyes White Dragon".
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Yugi's hand contains " Mammoth Graveyard ", "Multiply" and "Horn of the Unicorn". Yugi draws "[[Griffore (manga)|]]" and subsequently Normal Summons it ( ??? / ??? ) in Attack Position. He then activates "Horn of the Unicorn" and  equips  it to "Griffore", increasing its ATK and  DEF  by 700 ("Griffore": 1200 → 1900/1500 → 2200). "Griffore" attacks and destroys "Battle Ox" (Kaiba: 800 → 600 LP).
 Turn 15: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws his third "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Kaiba then activates "Gift of the Mystical Elf" to increase his Life Points by 300 for every monster on the field, and there is one (Kaiba: 600 → 900 LP). Kaiba then Normal Summons "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" ( 3000 / 2500 ) in Attack Position. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Griffore" (Yugi: 1500 → 400 LP).
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Giant Soldier of Stone " ( 1300 / 2000 ) in Defense Position. Yugi's hand contains "Mammoth Graveyard", "Multiply" and " Polymerization ".
 Turn 17: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Polymerization" and subsequently activates it to  fuse  the "Blue-Eyes" on his side of the field with the two "Blue-Eyes" in his hand and  Fusion Summon  " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " ( 4500 / ??? ) in Attack Position. "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" attacks and destroys "Giant Soldier of Stone".
 Turn 18: Yami Yugi 
Yugi  draws  " Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 300 / 200 ) in  Defense Position . Yugi then  activates  " Multiply " to create a  wall  of "Kuribohs" to protect his  Life Points .
 Turn 19: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon"  attacks  the "Kuriboh" wall, but fails to  destroy  it. The "Kuriboh" wall regenerates itself.
 Turn 20: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Living Arrow " and subsequently activates it along with " Polymerization " in order to  fuse  "Mammoth Graveyard" to "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". Since "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" is a living  monster , it cannot properly fuse with the  undead  "Mammoth Graveyard", so it loses  ATK  equal to the ATK of "Mammoth Graveyard" during each of Yugi's End Phases. On Yugi's  End Phase , "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" loses 1200 ATK ("Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon": 4500 → 3300/3800).
 Turn 21: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" attacks the "Kuriboh" wall, but fails to destroy it. The "Kuriboh" wall then regenerates itself.
 Turn 22: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws, then passes his turn. "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" loses 1200 more ATK ("Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon": 3300 → 2100/3800).
 Turn 23: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" attacks the "Kuriboh" wall, but fails to destroy it. The "Kuriboh" wall then regenerates itself.
 Turn 24: Yami Yugi 
Yugi passes his turn. "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" loses 1200 more ATK ("Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon": 2100 → 900/3800). 
 Turn 25: Kaiba 
Kaiba passes his turn.
 Turn 26: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Celtic Guardian " and subsequently Normal Summons it ( 1400 / 1200 ) in Attack Position. "Celtic Guardian" attacks "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", however it only manages to destroy the middle head since "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" was a  fusion  of three monsters and each of their heads share the same ATK (Kaiba: 900 → 400 LP). Yugi intends to destroy another head on his next turn to win the  Duel .
 At this point, Kaiba has a hallucination of seeing a younger Mokuba trying to escape the rotting dragon and a younger version of himself trying to save him but failing in doing so. His younger self berates him for saying he failed to save Mokuba. Kaiba snaps out of it and declares an endgame.
 Turn 27: Kaiba 
Kaiba moves to the edge of the tower and claims the destruction of his monster might blow him off (in the original, he threatens to jump off) if  Yami Yugi  attacks. Kaiba draws " Reborn the Monster " and subsequently activates it to revive the middle head of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" by  Special Summoning  "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" ( 3000 / 2500 ) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. (NOTE: In the Japanese version, Kaiba explains that since the revived monster is fused to the rotting dragon, it can't attack this turn.)
 Turn 28: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. At this point, Yugi is in an inner conflict with himself. Yugi can't attack Kaiba's dragon to win, but the spirit of his puzzle thinks there's is no other way. "Celtic Guardian" attacks one of the decayed heads of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", however Yami Yugi is overpowered by  Yugi Muto  who cancels the attack at the last moment, because he is unable to watch Kaiba fall to his death.
 Turn 29: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Celtic Guardian" (Yugi: 400 → 0 LP).
 Seto Kaiba wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Yugi cries after everything that happened and becomes scared of his alter-ego. His friends console him saying that he was the better man. Tea scolds Kaiba for using a cheap tactic like that but Kaiba shrugs it off as he takes the ten star chips, however he was angry because this was not how he wanted to duel Yugi.
 
 Errors 
 In the dub, when Kaiba Summons "Ryu-Kishin Powered", he calls it " Ryu-Kishin ". 
 In the dub version, " Crush Card Virus " was given the green background of  Magic Cards . 
 In the Japanese version, " Mystical Elf " was shown instead of "Gift of the Mystical Elf" in  Kaiba 's hand. This was fixed in the dub version. 
 When Kaiba activates "Gift of the Mystical Elf", he calls it "Mystical Elf" in the dub version. In Japanese, its name is Holy Elf's Blessing, and Kaiba does say it right it the Japanese version. 
 "Battle Ox" has been seen in Kaiba's hand since the previous episode, and is even seen in his hand at the beginning of this episode. However, when Yugi plays "The Eye of Truth" to look at Kaiba's hand, "Battle Ox" is not among the cards shown to him. Instead, Yugi sees "De-Spell", which Kaiba has already used. 
 In the dubbed version, after Yugi fuses "Mammoth Graveyard" with "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", Yugi says that his card is an Undead- Type  monster. The Zombie Type is known as the Undead Type in the original Japanese. 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/Yugioh022.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140404171446']
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels