Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sherry_Leblanc

For the other versions of this character, see  Sherry LeBlanc (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Eva (undercover) Frau Schneider (German undercover) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 シェリー・ルブラン 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Dr. LeBlanc  (father; deceased) Mrs. LeBlanc  (mother; deceased) Elsworth  (guardian) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous organization 
 Iliaster 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Racing Grand Prix   Never participated due to time alteration     
 
 
 Team 
 Team Sherry 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Noble Knight / Fleur 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 71: " French Twist, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Eileen Stevens   [1] 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Erika Nakagawa   [2] 
 
 
 Italian  
 Marcella Silvestri 
 
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc  (シェリー・ルブラン,  Sherī Ruburan ) is a female  Turbo Duelist  of French origin. Competing in the  WRGP , she seeks to defeat  Iliaster  who's behind the tournament and orchestrated the death of her parents. She attempts to recruit  Yusei Fudo  on her team, with the intention of uncovering Iliaster's schemes through the  Signers . It was only after she learns the fate of the future that she shifts her allegiance to Iliaster, as she aided in  Z-one 's plan to destroy  New Domino City  in return for having her family brought back.  After being defeated by  Akiza Izinski  and  Crow Hogan , Sherry returns to help protect New Domino City, keeping her promise to her father to fight for justice.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.3   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.4   Ark Cradle 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Ground 
 4.2   Turbo 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Sherry has long, waist length, blond hair with bangs that curl away from her face in a horizontal direction and has emerald color eyes. Her  Turbo Duel  uniform is white with red accents that run along the outside of her arms, down the outside of her legs, and wrap around her calves. She also wears a red undershirt. Her uniform also consists of grey shoulder, knee, elbow, and shin guards, while she wears charcoal colored padding over her chest. Her helmet is also red with gold accents near the crown that run from front to back, while the open-mouthed mouth protector is grey, with an orange visor.
 Since her defection to  Z-one , Sherry's uniform has now changed radically from her old attire. It now consists of a black and white scheme that inverts from both sides of her suit, with grey pauldrons instead of shoulder pads and a black lining with white laces down the middle of her body. Her undershirt remains the same though.
 
 Personality 
 Sherry has a fixation on getting vengeance against  Iliaster  due to them having killed her parents [3] . To this end, she can be very ruthless in doing so, such as grabbing a person and throwing them out of a building [4]  However her anger towards Iliaster vanishes when  their leader  shows her the ruined future caused by  Ener-D [5] , deciding to aid them in return that her family is brought back as well [6]  She shows remorse and cries after  Akiza  and  Crow  defeat her, realizing her mistake and sides with Team 5D's again. [6]  She displays new resolve when Z-one questions Sherry cooperating with Team 5D's, saying the past cannot be changed and that she's going to live for the future. [7] 
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, she has a French accent and occasionally includes French phrases in her dialogue.
 
 Etymology 
 "LeBlanc" is a common French family name meaning "the white one."
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Sherry as a child.     
 Sherry grew up in a mansion in France with her wealthy  parents .
 Sherry's father had once told her that the way of life prevents people from knowing if they will be happy or sad, but tells Sherry that she must never give up, and to ask herself to do justice so the future can look brighter. He then gives her the teddy with the " Z-ONE " card hidden inside. [8] 
 Her parents were later killed (abducted in the dub) by  Iliaster  during the night. Shortly after the murders, Sherry stumbled into her father's office and saw the bodies.  Elsworth  guided her out of the building to safety. 
 Elsworth continued to take care of Sherry and often moved to hide from Iliaster. Sherry moved from France to England to various parts of North America to an island in the Pacific to Japan. All the time, Sherry hung onto a teddy from her home in France. In Japan, Elsworth found the card, " Z-ONE ", hidden in the teddy bear. Sherry's hard life spent on the run led to her becoming extremely adept at martial arts. She is also stronger than she looks, enough to hold a grown man in the air with little difficulty.
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 Sherry appears after  Yusei Fudo  gets kidnapped and saved by  Akiza Izinski  from an opposing team from the  World Racing Grand Prix . She forces Yusei into a  Turbo Duel  by pretending there is a bomb in his  Duel Runner , and if he stops, it'll explode.
 At first, she doesn't reveal her face to them. The Duel progresses with Yusei taking most of the damage and her negating his attacks. Then, Sherry stops in the middle of the Duel. Yusei realizes her threat was a bluff, so he stops his Duel Runner too. She takes off her helmet revealing her appearance. As she does, Akiza is surprised to see a woman Turbo Dueling. Sherry reveals that her goal is to have Yusei join her team in order to help her gain revenge on  Iliaster , who supposedly murdered her parents. Akiza protests that he would never do that since he is already on a team, but Sherry cuts her off by saying that she isn't talking to her. Akiza yells out to Sherry that she doesn't know the first thing about Yusei, but Sherry reveals she does know enough about him as they are both Turbo Duelists.  
 The Duel is ultimately called off because of  Boss ' interruption, in which he tries to crush them with a truck. However, Akiza Summons Yusei´s " Stardust Dragon " to escape the situation, and in the process Sherry acknowledges her as a  Psychic Duelist . After Boss tries to leave the scene with his thugs,  Elsworth  appears to beat them up, and later joins up with Yusei, Sherry, and Akiza.
 After that, they both leave, but not before Sherry states that they will meet again to both Yusei and Akiza.
 Sherry appears again after Akiza defeats  Trudge  in her first Turbo Duel; she has been watching and is pleased with the result.
 Sherry is then on a desperate quest of finding out the mystery behind the " Z-ONE " card. To do so, Sherry, along with Elsworth, breaks into  Sector Security 's HQ. Once inside, they empty the building by making everyone believe that there is a bomb inside. Further inside the HQ, Sherry and Elsworth run into Yusei and  Bruno . The two of them try to follow after her, however Elsworth blocks Yusei's path, only for Bruno to get past and go after Sherry. 
 She gets to where Sector Security's main computer is located, to where Bruno also ends up. As he tries to stop her, Sherry retaliates tries to subdue him. However, at the moment that she threatens his life, he counterattacks Sherry and ends up turning the table on her, displaying an extreme increase in strength without any sense of friend or foe. Bruno almost beats her, but stops once he sees the "Z-One" card. He takes the card and snaps out of his unknown state and helps her in figuring out what the card is. During the card scanning process, Sherry, Yusei, who has beaten Elsworth to gain entrance to the room, and Bruno are transported to a cyber-like plane. There, they encounter a strange object. After that, the three of them, along with Elsworth, were transported to the shore of a lake. 
 Elsworth leaves the scene while carrying Sherry, whom appears to be unconscious. Before the preliminaries for the WRGP commences, Sherry goes to where Yusei and Akiza are practicing. Sherry greets Akiza, stating that they won't be seeing them in the preliminaries, as she is in a different block. Still, Sherry warns Akiza to be careful, as apparently there are some dangerous people participating on the Grand Prix as well. Sherry thinks these people could be actually working for Iliaster. As for Yusei, Sherry wants to talk with him about what they saw that day. She then leaves. 
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 She later reappears after Yusei and his team have won their first match of the preliminaries. She also has won the first round as well, but is here to for a different reason. Of course its because of Iliaster, and reveals to everyone that  Ghost  is connected to it. With this, Yusei and the others recount the strange events that have occurred so far, and after connecting the dots, wonder why Iliaster is after them. It is then that Sherry reveals it is because of them being  Signers , pointing out that she truly knows who they really are. She is also aware of the legend of the  Crimson Dragon . She acknowledges that there is still not much information about them and the man they saw at the cyberspace area.
 
       Sherry teams up with  Yusei  and  Elsworth  to stop the  Diablo .     
 After the  Diablo  is unleashed in the  New Domino City ,  Sherry  teams up with  Yusei  and  Elsworth  to stop them. At first they defeat some of them, but after  Primo  sends more  Duelbots  after them, both Sherry and Elsworth are eliminated by them.
 She is later shown watching the battle between Yusei and Primo with Elsworth. They then confront the two about the murder of her parents, but  Jakob  offhandedly says that he does not remember them or her. They angrily attack Jakob and  Lester  with Jakob pushing back her Duel Runner with his immense strength.
 Sherry was with  Team 5D's  when  Lazar  agreed to tell them what he knew about  Iliaster . She angrily threw a card at Lazar which he dodged, leaving it lodge into the chair. After losing patience with him for going off topic later, she used a card to slice through the boxes of  Red Demon's Noodle  that Jack had given Lazar. She accompanied the group to  Game Paradise  to get information on who sent the  Three Emperors of Iliaster  from the database hidden in the  Accel Simulator  game., [9]  Sherry later then accompanies Yusei and Bruno to the  Momentum Express Development Organization  where they attempt to discover how  Iliaster  are connected to them. Although, they are later found out and hide in a shuttle pod which appeared to be a trap and they are sent through a wormhole via Momentum Express. In the wormhole they attempt to escape using the "Z-ONE" card, during which the glass windscreen of the shuttle breaks and Sherry is sucked through it, although Yusei tries to rescue her, he ultimately fails and she is lost into the wormhole. However, Yusei and Bruno make it back safely to New Domino City. 
 
       Sherry meets  Z-one , in the form of  her father .     
 Ultimately, she winds up in the company of  Z-one , in the form of her father. ZONE promises Sherry he'd tell her the entire truth of what's going on, but she'd have to accept having her fate being changed drastically. She accepts those conditions and is shown a vision of the future: a world destroyed by Ener-D.
 
 Ark Cradle 
         Sherry as she appears on the Divine Temple.     
 After Team 5D's defeats  Team New World , the  Divine Temple  shatters the sky and finally appears in New Domino City. After this events, Sherry talks to Yusei and co. after Yusei has decided to travel to the Temple itself. Sherry reveals to them that she has seen the future. Furthermore she warns Yusei not to go, as if does, he will die. She tells them that Z-one is the one who shown her this future. She then threatens Yusei that if he boards the Divine Temple, Sherry herself will kill him.  
 When Yusei and his allies board the Divine Temple, Sherry and Zone observes them as they progress towards the center. ZONE asks Sherry why she tried to warn him, and she replies she did it as courtesy towards a friend, then steels herself to stop them.
 
         Sherry Duels Crow and Akiza at the " Soul-Binding Gate ".     
 After Yusei and co. are separated, Sherry faces off against Crow and Akiza, appearing to split into two persons. Before that, Crow gives her the Z-One card, stating that it was Elsworth's wish. Using her " Ecole de Zone "  Field Spell , Sherry had the two of them struggling for a while, as each believed that they were Dueling Sherry, while they were actually participating in a  Battle Royal  and attacking each other. Akiza eventually saw through this and  destroyed  the Field Spell via the  effect  of her " Black Rose Dragon ". She then uses "Z-ONE" to  activate  " Soul-Binding Gate ". During the Duel, Sherry reveals to them that she wishes to create a world where everyone gets to be with their family, herself included. Crow was hesitant to continue fighting when he saw a few orphans from  Satellite  in the vision, but Akiza quickly reminded him that millions of people will die if they let Sherry and Z-one destroy  New Domino City . She also tells him that as long as he believes in the future, anything can be done. With his conviction returned, they continue the Duel. Sherry is defeated, however because the cards on the Duel are real, her "Soul-Binding Gate" crumbles and is about to fall on her. Both Akiza and Crow try to save her and almost suffer the same fate. Fortunately Akiza's "Black Rose Dragon" whose still materialized, saves them. Then Crow and Akiza convince Sherry to join with them and change the future. She watches along with Yusei's friends as Yusei Dueled against Z-one and, when they were able to escape after Yusei defeated Z-one, looks away in despair when she believed Yusei could not escape from the Divine Temple before it vanished.
 After this, Sherry is seen briefly in episode 152, being defeated in a Duel by Jack Atlas since Jack was self-training to regain his crown as the King of Turbo Duels. Sherry admits her loss to Jack as a "perfect loss".
 
 Manga biography 
         Sherry in the manga.     
 Main article:  Sherry LeBlanc (manga) 
 Sherry also appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's manga . She is a  Psychic Duelist  with an ability referred to as " Hand Scan ", in which she can view her opponent's current hand. [10] 
 
 
 Decks 
 Ground 
 Sherry's Ground Deck focuses on utilizing  Field Spell Cards  such as " Ecole de Zone " and " Soul-Binding Gate " to prevent her opponent's from making any moves. Sherry also utilizes several cards to work alongside these Field Spell Cards such as " Necro Fleur " and " Imitation ", primarily to inflict large amounts of  effect damage .
 
 
 Ground Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Necro Fleur 
 Sorciere de Fleur Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ecole de Zone 
 Imitation 
 Soul-Binding Gate 
 Z-ONE 
 Traps 
 Fleur de Vertiges 
 High Half 
 Turbo 
 Sherry uses a  " Sacred Knight " Turbo Deck , primarily focused on  Synchro Summoning  her signature card, " Fleur de Chevalier ". She also utilizes a large amount of cards to lock her opponent such as the latter card and " Chain Close ". Sherry also uses several cards dedicated to negating attacks or prevention by battle such as " Floral Shield " and " Fleur Guard " respectively.
 
 
 Turbo Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Apprentice Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Horse of the Floral Knights 
 Sacred Knight Joan 
 Sacred Knight's Shield-Bearer 
 Sacred Knight's Spearholder 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fleur Synchron Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Centaur Mina 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Fleur de Chevalier Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Overboost 
 Speed Spell - Speed Fusion 
 Speed World 2 
 Traps 
 Chain Close 
 Fleur Guard 
 Floral Shield 
 For Our Dreams 
 Freedom Release 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 71 - 72 
 No result
 
 
 3 Turbo Duelists 
 103 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Diablo 
 106 
 Lose
 
 
 Akiza Izinski  and  Crow Hogan 
 139 - 140 
 Lose
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 152 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 Trivia 
 Her modified clothing she obtained while in the service of  Z-one  bears resemblance to the attire of  Paradox , specifically his mask, and the mechanical-looking pieces of the  Malefic  monsters' body, which might suggest that since Paradox didn't appear in Arc Cradle, Sherry took his place since Paradox's companions all faced the Signers at Divine Temple. 
 References 
 
 ↑   "Sherry LeBlanc" . yugioh.com .  http://www.yugioh.com/characters/sherry-leblanc . 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  "The Soul-Binding Gate! The Forbidden Future!"" . TV Tokyo .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/program/detail/20078_201012221800.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 72: " French Twist, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 93: " The Question of the Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 117: " The Distorted Past " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 140: " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 146: " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 140: " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 115: " Press Him About the Mystery! The Endgame Riding Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 12: " Psychic Duelists!! " 
 
 
 v e 
Sherry LeBlanc pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Duel Terminals 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/SherryLeBlanc.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130123140448', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Young_Sherry.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091002101118', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/5Dx106Team_up.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100423060455', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/5Dx117_Sherry_takes_his_hand.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100713200108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/Sherry_arc_cradle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110206003124', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/SoulBindingGate-JP-Anime-5D-NC.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101227020357', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/MangaSherry.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130619152256']
Categories: Characters, Sherry LeBlanc pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters