Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aknamkanon


 
 Akhnamkanon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Akhnamkanon 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 アクナムカノン 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Father  (deceased) Aknadin  (younger twin brother; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) Sister-in-law Seto  (nephew) Atem  (son) 
 
 
 
 
 Royal title 
 Pharaoh of Egypt 
 
 
 Reign 
 circa. 3000 B.C. 
 
 
 Millennium Item 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 
 
 Successor 
 Atem 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 202: " The Intruder - Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kobiyama Youichi 
 
 
 German voice 
 Michael Telloke 
 
 
 
 Aknamkanon , known as  Akhenamkhanen  in the Japanese version, is the older twin brother of  Aknadin , the father of  Pharaoh Atem , and the first owner of the  Millennium Puzzle . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 3   Other versions 
 4   References 
 
 
 Personality 
 As Pharaoh, he is very calm, serious, and very loyal at heart, though his ruling during his time had made him a negotiable king between Egypt and his neighboring enemies and try to find a peaceful solution to their problems. His brother,  Aknadin , however, was starting to advance his armies without his knowledge. Seeing things had gotten out of hand when the enemies had made their approaches his kingdom, he feared that end of his kingdom has come. Suddenly his negotiable option changes into a secondary choice of action when he gives Aknadin permission to create the Seven  Millennium Items  to protect his kingdom from the advancing enemies.   
 He showed that he deeply care and love for his family, servants, advisers and his people. Aknamkanon would necessarily do anything to keep them from harm. Although he had good terms and relationship with his brother, Aknadin, there is sometimes a rift going on between them. The only thing precious to him in his lifetime is his son, Atem; despite being his heir, he seems to be very special and important to him in his heart. While upon his death, he is willing to sacrifice anything to ensure his son's safety, and promises to always be there by his side in spirit.
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
       Aknamkanon lineart     
 In Ancient Egypt, Aknamkanon was the previous Pharaoh with  Shimon Muran  and Akhenaden as advisers. He loved his country dearly and was (most likely) oblivious that his brother was secretly resentful and felt relatively unimportant. When Egypt was under attack, Akhenaden pushed to fight back and protect their people, but Aknamkanon refused on the grounds as he wanted peace. Eventually, the invading armies grew too close to the palace to be repelled, and Akhenaden suggested using a spell from the  Millennium Spellbook  to create the  Millennium Items . Faced with the undeniable fact his kingdom may be destroyed, Aknamkanon agreed. 
 What Aknamkanon didn't know was that Akhenaden led a group of soldiers to the village of  Kul Elna , where he ordered the thieves there killed, and their blood collected for the ritual to create the items (in the English anime, the souls of the thieves are collected, although it is indirectly implied they are still killed or cease to exist physically; but their spirits still haunts in their village despite it's destruction), unknowingly leaving  one survivor  of this slaughter. The slaughter was so horrific that Akhenaden never told Aknamkanon of it, and had all the soldiers he had taken brainwashed so as to forget the incident. Upon the invading army's attack a week later, Aknamkanon, along with Shimon, Akhenaden, and four other priests used the Millennium Items to defeat the army. 
 Sometime later, Aknamkanon finds out about the massacre from Priest  Mahado , who learned the secret from the  Millennium Ring , he sacrifices himself to the gods of Egypt as a penance in a state of guilt and shame believing that it was his own choice of option for allowing this to occur, asking only for his son's safety from their wrath in return. After the disturbing discovery, Aknamkanon grew ill and died. 
 
       Thief King Bakura sitting on Aknamkanon's coffin.     
 Years later,  Thief King Bakura  carries Aknamkanon's sarcophagus in front of  Pharaoh Atem  (Aknamkanon's son) and his  Guardians  and places the blames on the late Aknamkanon for killing his  village  to make the Millennium Items (although it was actually Akhenaden that was responsible). Aknamkanon (through his corpse) speaks with Atem with the instructions " Justice is in the name of the Gods " or " Justice lies with the Egyptian gods ". His next appearance is in the village of Kul Elna, where Aknamkanon's spirit protects Atem from the vengeful spirits of those who were slain in Kul Elna village and will lead those spirits to the Afterlife ("realm of shadows" where they belong despite being trapped there as well in the Dub." Later, Aknamkanon's spirit again tells Atem the instructions "Justice is in the name of the Gods" is the key to defeating  Zorc Necrophades . After the  Ceremonial Battle , Akhenamkhanen is seen waiting for his son as he passes into the door between life and death along with the other guardians.
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In the dub,  Mr. Stein  mentions, while dueling  Jaden , that Aknamkanon was beloved by everybody, in the end of Early Dynastic Period. [1] 
 
 Other versions 
 Akhenamkhanen (manga) 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 113: " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " 
 
 
 v e 
Aknamkanon pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Akhnamkanon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080412052942', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Aknamkanon_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110930233951', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Aknamkanon-.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111109024142', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Akhenamkhanen_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20091119191425', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Aknamkanon pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters