Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_World_Championship_2009:_Stardust_Accelerator


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator World Championships 2009 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊☆戯☆王５Ｄ＇ｓ　ＳＴＡＲＤＵＳＴ　ＡＣＣＥＬＥＲＡＴＯＲ 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator 
 
 
 Alternate names 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2009 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Nintendo DS 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  March 26, 2009  April 30, 2009  May 15, 2009  May 19, 2009 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator  is a  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's -themed game for the Nintendo DS.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Features 
 2   Characters 
 3   Storyline 
 4   Locations 
 5   World Championship Mode 
 6   Glitches and mistakes 
 7   Connectivity with Wheelie Breakers 
 8   Promotional cards 
 9   Gallery 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Features 
 The game contains a story mode, where the player may duel, browse a 3D map, interact with other characters and collect items and cards.
 There are 2887 cards featured in this game (including Egyptian Gods,  Speed Spell - Wheelie Breaker  and  Speed World ), going up to  Crimson Crisis  also includes cards from the first 4  Duel Terminals  and cards from  Structure Decks  up to  SD16 , but excludes any TCG exclusive cards up to that date that are not already included in  Extra Pack 01 . The game also includes many promo cards, such as " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ", " Shield Wing ", " Elemental Hero Absolute Zero " and " Genesis Dragon ". However, it misses 779 cards released in OCG before Lord of Magicians, mainly cards that rely on other specific cards, such as  Ritual Spells  or the ones that require a specific monster, like " Checkmate ".
 The game contains  Turbo Duels . " Speed Spells " versions of existing cards appear in the game, such as " Speed Spell - Raigeki " and " Speed Spell - Harpie's Feather Duster ", also completely new  Speed Spells  are included such as " Speed Spell - Wheelie Breaker " and  Speed Spell - Speed Jammer ". Special Trap Cards designed specifically for Turbo Duels are also included, such as Des Accelerator and  Slip Stream .
 There is Wi-fi in this game where player's can play against each other, find upgrades and cards.
 
 See:  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator Card Downloads  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator: Downloads . 
 Characters 
 The player creates their own character. They choose their name, gender and appearance.
 Story Mode includes the majority of characters from the first arc of the anime and a number of original characters. Additional character versions of cards can be unlocked as opponents and Tag Duelists in Free Duel mode.
 
 See:  Category:Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator characters . 
 Storyline 
         Screenshot     
 The player wakes up in  Satellite , stripped of their memory. They are found by  Rally  who duels them in the hopes it will help them regain their memory. Rally introduces them to his friends  Blitz ,  Nervin  and  Tank  and takes the player to their base in the Satellite underground.
 The player finds a " Speed Spell " card in their  Duel Disk , causing everyone to believe that they are a  Turbo Duelist . Since  Yusei  and  Sector Security  are the only Turbo Duelists in Satellite, they figure the player is from  the City .
 Since a Turbo Duelist is not complete without their  Duel Runner , Blitz arranges for the player to buy a Duel Runner from  Kuroe . After discovering it has no engine or CPU, Blitz goes to confront Kuroe, but ends up getting kidnapped. The player then ventures to the  thugs' lair , where they duel and defeat multiple thugs in order to free Blitz.
 After saving Blitz, Yusei gives the player a spare engine to use in their Duel Runner, before he leaves for  New Domino City . A few days later, Rally gives the player a CPU. With the Duel Runner complete the player takes it for a test run.
 A group of securities, led by  Officer Trudge  appear outside the group's lair, accusing Rally of stealing the CPU. Since they were using the signal from Rally's  criminal mark  to trace their location, Blitz used Yusei's jamming device to block the signal. The group split-up; Rally, Nervin, Blitz and Tank go one way and advise the player to ride their Duel Runner to the  Old Highway . The player races out past the Securities, prompting Trudge to chase them. After the player outruns Trudge, they come back to the hideout. The player is planning to escape through the  pipeline  just like Yusei did earlier in the game. 
 After beating a test simulation, the player gets a chance to escape to New Domino. As the player enters the pipeline, Trudge immediately follows in pursuit. After outrunning him, the player gets caught by Security and is taken to the detention center having their Duel Runner and Deck confiscated.
 In jail, the player reaches the Recreation room where  Bolt Tanner  is. Tanner has just won a Duel, with his opponent lying on the floor. Tanner taunts the defeated duelist by calling his cards trash, and the player then attempts to defend the defeated duelist by dueling Tanner with his Deck (like Yusei uses Yanagi's Deck in the anime). After beating Tanner, the player notices Yusei also getting escorted to his cell, and then receives a challenge from  Mr. Armstrong . So the player has to collect cards from the inmates to create a Deck and use it to beat him.
 After beating Armstrong, Armstrong calls off the deal and orders the Securities to seize the player. However, he is interrupted when  Rex Goodwin  appears on the scene, firing Armstrong and eventually releasing the player into New Domino City. Tanner passes the player his  Ushi Oni  card, telling them to seek a bar named  Bootleg . Showing the card will allow for the player to come into contact with an acquaintance.
 Upon arriving at the Bootleg, the player shows the bartender Tanner's card, but the bartender requests that the player complete some of his Duel Puzzles, as he's a Duelist. After completing 3 Puzzles, the bartender tells the player to wait outside - and upon exiting the bar, they encounter  Blister , who escorts them to his hideout.
 The player informs Blister of the plan to reclaim the Duel Runner and Deck. After some time of thinking, Blister gives the player a fake Security ID and Security uniform so that the player can sneak into the Security Impound Center and get their Deck and Duel Runner back. After sneaking past the guards and getting to the Duel Runner, the player is once again cornered by Trudge. The player then gets on the Duel Runner and promptly outruns Trudge once again through the Impound Center.
 Upon escape, the player encounters Yusei, who also has reclaimed his Duel Runner and Deck. They both make a break to whatever cover they could find. As the player escapes Trudge they are guided by  Leo  to a place where they could hide out for the time being. Leo introduces himself and  Luna , and then challenges the player to a duel. Upon winning, the player gets let in on a secret: there is an underground duel arena.
 At the duel arena, the player and the twins witness  Akiza  beat yet another duelist. While people flee from the arena, the player feels a stinging pain as they notice a birthmark appear on their arm. Akiza notices this mark and promptly challenges the player to a Duel. After the duel, the birthmark disappears.
 Several days later, the player gets informed of a  Tag-Team Duel  Tournament as they make their way towards the Duel Runner Shop. They also get into a Tag Duel with the twins, with Blister as their temporary partner. After the player finds a partner, they proceed to the Duel Stadium where they proceed through the tournament, facing  Figaro  and  Corse  (this opponent team may vary between who's chosen as the Tag partner), Blister and Tanner, and finally Leo and Luna. After winning, the player runs into Goodwin, who congratulates the player for their victory.
 Some time later, the player runs into Tanner outside the bar and receives an invitation to the  Fortune Cup . They shows this to Blister to know more about it, and is told to go to the Neo Domino Highway so as to sign up for the preliminary race. After passing the preliminary race, the player is confronted by  Bass  who then shows them how to play a  Turbo Duel . After that, the player is also informed of the Speed Spells being sold at the shop. 
 The player then proceeds to the Duel Stadium where they face off against Trudge,  Hunter Pace , and  Greiger  in the three Turbo Duels of the preliminaries. Following this, the player proceeds into the latter half of the Fortune Cup, facing off against  Gill Randsborg  and Akiza in two ground duels, and squaring off with Yusei in a Turbo Duel.
 Upon finishing the duel, the player is about to prepare for the final duel with  Jack Atlas , when they black out. They receive several flashbacks, and they wake up at a temple for the People of the Stars. They are then confronted by  Rex Goodwin . It is revealed to the player that he was the one who grafted the birthmark onto the player's arm, as Goodwin plans to utilize the power of the Crimson Dragon. Goodwin then pits the player against 4 other clones -  Alpha ,  Beta ,  Gamma  and  Delta  - and the player has to defeat all 4 of them without replenishing life points in between duels (You'll just have to do the match over again).
 Upon victory, the  Crimson Dragon  appears, but then shortly dissipates. Goodwin then realizes that he cannot simply do with replicas, despite the fact that intense duels will lead to the awakening of the Crimson Dragon. The player then blacks out again, and finds themselves back in their room, before the final duel with Jack Atlas. After defeating Jack, the player receives the  Stardust Dragon  card for Yusei. Goodwin aborts his plan to awaken the Dragon, and allows the player to do as they wish. The player then passes Yusei the Stardust Dragon card, and also receives a Travel Permit, allowing them to travel between Satellite and New Domino City.
 Post storyline, Yusei has a new Deck with " /Assault Mode " support, the name of which references the game title, XLerator.
 
 Locations 
         Click on a location to view the area's article.     
 Locations in the game include:
 
 Satellite: Residential 
 Satellite: Slum 
 New Domino City 
 
 World Championship Mode 
 You can also unlock opponents for Free Duel in World Championship Mode by advancing the plot or defeating opponents in Story Mode (5 times per opponent). Certain opponents can only be unlocked for accomplishing tasks like summoning a difficult-to-summon monster, or winning with a special victory condition. Note that they must be done in a regular Duel; Duel Puzzles don't count.
 Acquiring enough opponents within a certain skill level will unlock Tournament Mode for a certain Level. In Tournament Mode, the player enters a 3-tier elimination tournament with 7 other randomly chosen available CPU opponents, and must defeat the three opponents they get matched up with in separate duels in order to win. Clearing Tournament levels are required to unlock certain opponents and packs.
 Opponents that require special tasks to unlock are:
 
 Ultimate Insect LV7  - Special Summon  Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth . 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord  - Win using Exodius' victory condition. 
 Montage Dragon  - Clear all 5 of the  Bootleg owner 's Puzzles. 
 Jinzo - Lord  - Activate a total of 500 Traps. 
 Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler  - Special Summon its corresponding card. 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes  - Win using Vennominaga's victory condition. 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer  - Reach 50 hours of play time. 
 Destiny End Dragoon  - Special Summon  Destiny HERO - Plasma . 
 Yubel (character)  - Special Summon  Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare . 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode  - Special Summon its corresponding card. 
 Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier  - Synchro Summon a total of 200 times. 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem  - Special Summon its corresponding card. 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  - Fusion Summon  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon . 
 Colossal Fighter  - Purchase all Duel Runner Shields. 
 Alien Overlord  - Purchase all Duel Runner side parts. 
 Doom Dozer  - Purchase all Duel Runner speed boosters. 
 Evil HERO Dark Gaia  - Activate a total of 300 Speed Spells. 
 Light and Darkness Dragon  - Reach 100 hours of play time. 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8  - Activate a total of 750 Spells. 
 Endymion, the Master Magician  - Beat all levels of Single Tournament Mode at least once. 
 Dark Armed Dragon  - Special Summon  Armed Dragon LV10 . 
 Judgment Dragon  - Special Summon a total of 1000 times. 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus  - Special Summon  Gladiator Beast Heraklinos . 
 Beast King Barbaros  - Reach 200 hours of play time. 
 Tag Team opponents that require special tasks to unlock are:
 
 Spirit Reaper  and  Dark Necrofear  - Win using  Destiny Board 's effect. 
 Ruin, Queen of Oblivion  and  Demise, King of Armageddon  - Win using  Final Countdown 's effect. 
 Exodia the Forbidden One  and  Tragoedia  - Win using Exodia's victory condition. 
 Cyber Dragon  and  Drillroid  - Special Summon  Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill . 
 Ultimate Tyranno  and  Super Conductor Tyranno  - Tag Duel a total of 200 times. 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar  and  Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes  - Win using Vennominaga's victory condition. 
 Abyss Soldier  and  Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus  - Have at least 10,000 DP at one time. 
 Summoned Skull  and  Splendid Venus  - Beat Tag Tournament Mode at least 5 times. 
 Five-Headed Dragon  and  Cyberdark Dragon  - Special Summon Five-Headed Dragon. 
 Destiny HERO - Doom Lord  and  Elemental HERO Stratos  - Turbo Duel a total of 100 times. 
 Dark Armed Dragon  and  Caius the Shadow Monarch  - Beat Tag Tournament Mode at least 3 times. 
 Cyber End Dragon  and  Chimeratech Overdragon  - Have a monster you control reach 20,000 or more ATK. 
 Flamvell Baby  and  Medium of the Ice Barrier  - Tag Duel a total of 150 times. 
 Kasha  and  Rainbow Dark Dragon  - Special Summon Rainbow Dark Dragon. 
 Batteryman Charger  and  Thunder King Rai-Oh  - Beat 10 Tag Teams in World Championship Mode at least 5 times each. 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8  and  Silent Swordsman LV5  - Beat 20 Tag Teams in World Championship Mode at least 5 times each. 
 Simorgh, Bird of Divinity  and  Simorgh, Bird of Ancestry  - Tag Duel a total of 50 times. 
 Soldier of Mist Valley  and  Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode  - Special Summon Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode. 
 D.D. Survivor  and  Raiza the Storm Monarch  - Turbo Duel a total of 200 times. 
 Glitches and mistakes 
 Several words in the script are misspelled, such as when the  MC  says "slrighty then" to the player. 
 If the player's character is a girl, many of the other main characters will refer to her as a "he" and  Rex Goodwin  introduces the clones as the player's "brothers" instead of "sisters". 
 When interacting with Elgio, a player may find 'Turbo Duel' instead of 'Tag Duel'. Activating 'Turbo Duel' causes the player and their teammate to tag duel against Elgio and Itokawa. 
 Occasionally part of the character model's hair may turn white unnaturally. In extreme cases, almost all of the hair is white. This is a minor texture glitch and shouldn't harm gameplay. 
 Once all of the Structure Decks have been bought, the only one available will be the 5D's Starter Deck, and the player will not be allowed to buy any others (the 5D's Starter Deck will also have the 'new' symbol above it).  Additionally, every time the player leaves the card shop, the game will say that a new pack has been added to the card list, when actually, nothing happens.  This does not affect any aspects of gameplay, however. 
 When " Canyon " is in play and you attack a  Rock - Type  monster in  Defense Position  with a  monster  that inflicts  piercing  damage and win, the damage to the opponent is doubled, even though the lore says that damage will only be doubled for the controller of the attacking monster. 
 When in the Tournament or playing on-line sometimes, the monster attack sound effects will be swapped with the attack sound effect of the attacked monster. For example, when a monster with a laser sound effect attacks a monster with a sword/slash sound effect, you will hear the sword/slash effect. 
 If an Action Replay is used, if you are attacking a monster which is about to be destroyed due to your monster having more attack points, the last 0 in the difference between attack points appears before all of the other digits. This can also happen if you are not using an Action Replay occasionally. 
 When an "important" monster that has its own intro (e.g. Dark Armed Dragon, Tytannial, Egyptian God Cards, Great Shogun Shien, Light and Darkness Dragon, ...)  is summoned, its intro's music is skipped every now and then. 
 In the English anime,  Nervin  and  Blitz  have their names swapped, but not in the game. 
 Sometimes, the game sound is heard as double, microphones failure. 
 Despite not mentioning it in either OCG or TCG text, some Plant support cards in the game only affects Plants on your side of the field, even though in reality they can affect both sides. 
 Some Quick-Play Spell Cards can only be activated during the opponent's turn. 
 Sometimes when an opponent activates the effect of " Roulette Barrel ", they will destroy "Roulette Barrel" when they don't roll a four. 
 In Deck Construction, when using 'Related Cards' for " Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress ", " Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter " will not appear. 
 " Royal Oppression " can be used to negate and destroy " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind " when it uses its ATK-halving effect, even if it was Normal Summoned. 
 When you attack with " Moai Interceptor Cannons ", the animation shows " The Statue of Easter Island " instead. 
 When the effect of " Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter " activates, the option to activate its effect says "Do you want to destroy this card?" although, if you select yes, it wont destroy "Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter" and it will let you select the card to destroy, as it should. 
 Connectivity with Wheelie Breakers 
 Using DS Wireless Communications to connect with the Wii Game,  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers  unlocks  Speed Spell - Wheelie Breaker  for use in Turbo Duels if you haven't obtained it yet.
 
 Promotional cards 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator promotional cards 
 Stardust Accelerator includes three promotional cards, which are used by  Kalin  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime (but are not in this game). These include: " Infernity Guardian ", " Infernity Archfiend " and " Infernity Dwarf ".
 The Korean version of the game included 7 promotional cards; the said 3 along with the cards from  Limited Edition 12 ; " Light End Dragon ", " Dark End Dragon ", " Chaos-End Master " and " Sphere of Chaos ".
 In the Stardust Accelerator game guide, " Infernity Destroyer " is the promo card given.
 
 Gallery 
 North American English cover European cover (except Germany) German cover Japanese cover Korean cover 
 Trivia 
 When the full sign of  the Crimson Dragon  is shown, it shows the Heart Sign placed in the Left Claw, which is  Luna 's mark. The Heart Sign would be given to  Leo  in  Episode 142 , which aired in Japan almost two years after this game was released.            
 This game was released on the same day as  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/WC09-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090519224756', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Flag_of_South_Korea.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120212011', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/StardustAccelerator-screenshot.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081120125608', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', '/extensions-ucp/v2/ImageMap/resources/desc-20.png', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/WorldMap-WC09.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20110713052045', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/WC09-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20090519224756', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/WC09-VideoGameEU.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150605180847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/WC09-VideoGameDE.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150605180805', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/WC09-VideoGameJP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20090127151141', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/WC09-VideoGameKR.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20100123172503', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Mark_with_Heart_Sign-WC09.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110902143844']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator, Video games