Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Julia_Krystal

"Masumi" redirects here. For the character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  manga, see  Masumi Momono .   
 For other versions of this character, see  Julia Krystal (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Julia Krystal 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Jules (By  Sora , dub only) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 光 津   真 澄 光津 真澄 こうつ ますみ Rōmaji: ( Kōtsu Masumi ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 강보라 KRR: Gang Bola Translated:  Kang Bora 
 
 
 French   
 Julia Crystal 
 
 
 German   
 Julia Crystal 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed father [1] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Leo Institute of Dueling 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Did not place [2]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Gem-Knight 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 
 Italian  
 Francesca Bielli 
 
 
 
 Julia Krystal , known as  Masumi Kotsu  ( 光 津   真 澄   Kōtsu Masumi ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime and is the representative for the  Leo Institute of Dueling   Fusion Summon  course.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 1.3   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Dipper O'Rion and Kit Blade 
 3.2   Professor Marco 
 3.3   Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Julia.     
 Julia is a teenage girl with dark skin tone, shoulder-length black hair and red eyes. She wears a small blue shirt with her LID badge pinned on it over a cream one-piece long-sleeved shirt and shorts combination with black skin-tight shorts underneath ending above the knee, and blue boots. She carries her  Duel Disk  in a brown holster resembling that for a firearm.
 
 Etymology 
 Masumi means "beauty" and "purity", most likely referring to her affinity of jewels, her father's occupation and her Deck. Her first localized name sounds similar to "jewel", and her English surname is a corruption of "crystal".
 
 Personality 
 Julia is a direct, straightforward and bold individual, showing little to no hesitation in saying what she believes. Due to her father's job and witnessing and appraising the value of jewels, she is seemingly capable of detecting talent and hesitation within people, as she did with Zuzu at the start of their Duel. Although Julia shows a penchant for mockery, most of what she states is accurate thus, she does not act out of plain arrogance but on observation. She was not easily fooled, as seen when LID Elites lied about  Professor Marco  being hurt in his Duel, and she was thus willing to seek the truth. Despite her bold exterior, she was visibly unnerved during her first meeting with  Shay  and when she saw the gouges that his monster had left in an overhanging road.
 Julia is also a caring person, valuing her friends and her teachers, and after Professor Marco's disappearance, she became frantic in her attempts to find him. She cares for (and possibly has a crush on) Marco particularly, and doesn't tolerate insults towards him.
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
       Julia Dueling Zuzu.     
 Julia,  Dipper , and  Kit  were enlisted by  Henrietta  to Duel members of the  You Show Duel School  in retaliation for the apparent attack on  Sylvio . [3]  After Dipper was defeated by  Yuya Sakaki , Julia went next, matched up against  Zuzu Boyle . Before the Duel, Julia noted that Zuzu's eyes had no shine to them, much to Zuzu's irritation. She brought out " Gem-Knight Topaz " on her first turn, but took a large amount of damage from Zuzu's " Melodious " monsters. On her next turn, however, reiterating her comments on Zuzu's lack of brilliance, she brought out both " Gem-Knight Crystal " and " Gem-Knight Master Diamond ," using the effects of the latter to set up an  OTK . Zuzu attempted to use an  Action Card  to stop the second attack of "Master Diamond," but by accident instead touched a reflection, and Julia's attack went through, winning her the Duel and putting the score even at 1-1. She commented on Yuya and Zuzu's embrace after the Duel, prompting Zuzu's swift breaking up of the situation. Kit went next, Dueling  Gong  and claiming to be far stronger than "those weaklings," which infuriated Dipper. Julia admitted that the comment was annoying, but Dipper had lost, after all, prompting an embarrassed Dipper to sulk in the corner. [1]  During Kit's Duel, Dipper commented that an " X-Saber " Deck was terrifying to face. Julia asked him if it was because he'd lost that he was admitting that, once again causing Dipper to retreat to the corner in shame. After Kit and Gong drew the Duel, Henrietta proposed a tie-breaker Duel between those who had won; Yuya and Julia. Julia was ready to Duel, but they were interrupted by  Declan . [4]  She watched the Duel and called Dipper and Kit clowns for mocking Yusho Sakaki. [5] 
 Upon learning that her Fusion teacher,  Marco , had been in an incident, Julia became frantic about him. Unconvinced by  Herc 's reassurances that the LID Elites would resolve the issue, she continued pursuing the culprit, arriving at the warehouse where Zuzu,  Sora , and the  Dark Duelist  were. Immediately accusing the Dark Duelist for the attacks, she demanded a Duel from him. However, before the situation could progress any further, he was teleported away by the ability of  Zuzu's bracelet , infuriating Julia and causing her to accuse Yuya, who had just arrived, of being in cahoots. She dashed off after Sora tricked her into thinking he had run past, while pushing Yuya away. [6] 
 Still upset by her teacher's disappearance, Julia resolved to lure out the Dark Duelist and ran off, much to Kit and Dipper's protests. On her way to the warehouse, she noticed the two marks left by  Shay 's monster, much to her horror. Once she found Zuzu and Sora, Julia demanded a Duel from Zuzu, who hesitated to do so. Before they could initiate the Duel, Shay dashed in and pushed Zuzu over, demanding that Julia Duel him as a member of LID. She identified him as the culprit from this statement, but could not bring herself to Duel him. At that moment, the Dark Duelist, Yuto arrived, surprising her, Zuzu, and Sora. As Yuto squabbled with Shay, Julia contacted Kit and Dipper, telling them that she had found the culprits, and to bring as many men as they could. After Zuzu protested, Julia watched quietly as Shay mistook Zuzu for  Lulu , and Yuto knocked him unconscious as a result. Just as Kit and Dipper arrived with Yuya in tow, both Yuto and Shay teleported away via Zuzu's bracelet, causing to her remark fully that the culprit had escaped. When men from LID arrived, Julia ran towards them, apologizing and saying the culprit had gotten away. [7] 
 She set herself up as bait on purpose to draw out Shay, as did Dipper and Kit. Shay approached her during the evening, asking her if she was alone and where Sora and Zuzu were, Julia claimed that she didn't know (though unbeknownst to her, Zuzu had seen her earlier and pursued her). She asked him what had happened to Marco, but Shay was initially unsure of who she was referring to, only realizing it when she explained that he was a Fusion user. Shay called Marco and everyone from LID weak, telling an insulted Julia to sate her rage by defeating him. She called in Kit and Dipper, explaining that she'd been set up as bait as she knew what Shay looked like. When her friends arrived, Shay took them all on in a  Battle Royale , with Julia going first. Kit and Dipper cleared Shay's field and hand with their "X-Saber"  Synchro  and " Constellar "  Xyz Monsters , leaving Julia to take out his Life Points. She set up a combination of " Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli " and " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " that would deplete Shay's Life Points through sheer effect damage, but Shay saved himself with his " Raidraptor - Readiness "  Trap Card  that he'd activated from his  Graveyard , also preventing any battle damage on the turn as well. Shay claimed that their Dueling lacked iron determination and a sense of strength, and he drew " Dimension Xyz ," using it to call out his " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ," which gained the combined  ATK  of all of the trio's  Special Summoned  monsters and attacked them, wiping them out in an instant. Shay didn't take their souls as he had the other LID members that he'd attacked, as Declan had arrived by then. [8]  Julia's memory was wiped of the Duel and rewritten to believe that Shay had been a member of LID. [9] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 At the Junior Arc League Championship, Julia's first match was against Zuzu in the afternoon. Zuzu asked Julia why Shay was among them, and a confused Julia replied that Shay had always been part of their group. [10]  Noticing that Zuzu was preoccupied before the Duel, Julia commented that Zuzu's eyes held no luster. On her first turn, Julia brought out " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " against Zuzu, who responded by revealing that she had learned to  Fusion Summon , bringing out " Schuberta the Melodious Maestra " to not only destroy "Master Diamond," but also to prevent Julia from recovering her " Gem-Knight Fusion " on the next turn. Julia managed to climb back into the game by using " Brilliant Fusion " to call out her true ace monster, " Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond ". In order to keep its  ATK  up, Julia had to use  Action Cards  to pay the cost, consistently beating Zuzu to them. She reduced Zuzu to 100  LP , but Zuzu had read through Julia's strategy of using  Fusion Monsters  to take control of Julia's " Crystal Rose ", which Zuzu used in the next turn to aid in Fusion Summoning " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir ". When her " Gem-Knight Zirconia " was destroyed, Julia tried to use " Brilliant Spark " to finish Zuzu off, and discard an Action Card to prevent its activation, but Zuzu beat her to the card and finished Julia off. "Bloom Diva" saved Julia from a nasty fall, much to her embarrassment. Julia later approached Zuzu outside the stadium and gave her "Crystal Rose", telling Zuzu that she wouldn't accept her losing in the tournament. [2] 
 On the second day, she watched the Duels involving  Gong ,  Yuya ,  Sylivio , and  Shay . She commented to  Kit  that his disciple was doing terrible, though she was impressed when Gong won. [11]  During Sylvio's Duel with Yuya, Julia was impressed at Sylvio's tactics, though she and her friends all expressed disdain at him. [12]  When  Sora  claimed that he was performing a real Fusion Summon, Julia was offended, thinking that Sora was calling an LID Fusion Summon a fake. Later, while Shay was talking about his home, Kit, Dipper, and Julia were confused that they "knew" Shay for so long, but didn't know where he was from. After Sora underestimated " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ", she and her friends commented that he'd be regretting doing so. [13]  She was impressed when Shay demonstrated his capability to  Rank-Up  his  Xyz Monsters . [14] 
 Julia watched her friends' first round Duels;  Dipper  winning and moving onto the second round, but Kit being eliminated and physically beaten by  Iggy Arlo . [15] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Julia and a recovered  Kit  were present in the stands during the Battle Royal. When  Henrietta  revealed to the public the existence and MO of  Duel Academy , she and Kit realized that this was the likely reason for  Dipper 's disappearance.  Declan 's announcement that LID would be training the  Lancers  prompted both Julia and Kit to consider joining. [16] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Julia had lost her memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . She was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Dipper  and  Kit . [17]  She was later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Dipper and Kit [18]  and applauded when Yuya won. She then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [19]  She was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [20] 
 
 Relationships 
 Dipper O'Rion and Kit Blade 
 She and the boys hang out a lot. They care for each other, but Julia is occasionally annoyed by  Dipper 's pride. She taunted Dipper about his loss to  Yuya  several times, causing him to slink into the corner. However, when Dipper was  sealed  into a card, she and  Kit  considered training to become  Lancers .
 
 Professor Marco 
 Julia cares very deeply for her Fusion teacher. She stated that he was always there for her, and she tried hard to rescue  Marco  from the hands of  Shay . Julia was insulted when Shay called him "weak."
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Julia initially showed horrible disrespect to  Zuzu , once calling her responsible for  Marco 's disappearance. Julia initially mocked Zuzu's Dueling skills, but apologized for her behavior. Overtime, Julia came to respect Zuzu as a rival, and the two of them developed a more friendly relationship. 
 
 Deck 
 Julia uses a  " Gem-Knight " Deck , which focuses on  Fusion Summoning , spearheaded by her  ace monster , " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " [1] , which is later replaced by " Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond " [2] . She chose to use a Gem-Knight Deck because of her father’s occupation as a jeweler. [1]  She usually attempts to perform an  OTK  with "Master Diamond" by copying the effect of " Gem-Knight Topaz " or " Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli ", which along with " Brilliant Spark ", can inflict large amounts of damage to her opponent. [8] 
 She later utilizes cards such as " Brilliant Fusion " and " Crystal Rose " to easily Fusion Summon her "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monsters, and even Summon them with a single material through "Brilliant Diamond", focusing on overwhelming her opponents with an array of strong monsters. She uses Action Cards to mitigate the effect of "Brilliant Fusion" so as to not lose offensive power.
 
 
 Gem-Knight Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Crystal 
 Gem-Knight Garnet 
 Gem-Knight Lapis 
 Gem-Knight Sapphire 
 Gem-Knight Tourmaline 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Rose [Notes 1] 
 Gem-Knight Alexandrite 
 Gem-Knight Emerald 
 Gem-Knight Lazuli 
 Gem-Knight Obsidian Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond 
 Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli  x3 [Notes 2] 
 Gem-Knight Master Diamond 
 Gem-Knight Topaz 
 Gem-Knight Zirconia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Brilliant Fusion 
 Gem-Knight Fusion 
 Traps 
 Brilliant Spark 
 Fragment Fusion 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 10 
 Win
 
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 24 
 Lose (with  Dipper O'rion  and  Kit Blade )
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 29 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 29: " Fusion Foes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 30: " Gong the Strong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 34: " Making the Cut: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Zuzu Boyle  following their Duel in  episode 29 . 
 
 ↑   Two copies are  sent  from her  Extra Deck  to the  Graveyard  via the  effect  of the first copy and " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " in  episode 24 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Julia Krystal  (Masumi Kotsu) pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/Julia_Krystal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150218105358', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/FullJuliaKrystal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20140601091700', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/Masumi_Kotsu_VS_Yuzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140615130954']
Categories: Characters, Julia Krystal pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters