Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_090


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 090 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 次 世 代 の 創 造 主 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jisedai no Sōzōshu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Creator of the Next Generation 
 
 
 English 
 For a Friend 
 
 
 Number 
 090 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 20, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 25, 2020 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " go forward " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Glory " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fan the Flames " 
 " From the Heart " 
 
 
 
 

" For a Friend ", known as " Creator of the Next Generation " in the Japanese version, is the ninetieth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on February 20, 2019. It aired in English on Teletoon on October 25, 2020.
 Bohman , who aims to become a next-generation  Ignis , appears before  Blue Maiden .  Aqua  refuses to accept Bohman's ideals, while Blue Maiden wants to take back  Miyu 's consciousness. Thus, they challenge Bohman to a Duel. Despite losing  Harlin , Bohman was disturbingly calm while he Duels against Blue Maiden. However, Blue Maiden doesn't back down, and fearlessly stands against Bohman together with Aqua.
 
 Summary 
 As the duel between  Windy  and  Soulburner  concludes,  Ai  and  Playmaker  talked about how  Lightning  doesn't give second chances as the latter refused to aid Windy.  Varis  doesn't care which  Ignis  gets destroyed first, since he plans to destroy all of them eventually.  Skye  then states to  Aqua  that only  Bohman  and Lightning are left to defeat.
 As Skye navigates her area, she noticed that hers was a replica of LINK VRAINS except without any other users. Aqua believes that Bohman or Lightning maybe nearby as the latter watches on. Meanwhile, back in LINK VRAINS, the system is beginning to have distortions and instability as  SOL Technologies  issues a PR statement saying that they're working on it as  Naoki Shima  was upset over the news while,  Akira  questions  Ghost Gal  on what is happening. 
 Back in Mirror LINK VRAINS, Blue Maiden reached to the Palace where Bohman is as he told her that he was waiting for her at the same time,  Frog  and  Pigeon  was teleported the venue as well and begins to broadcast it to everyone else. Ghost Girl then explains to Akira what has happened so far and shows Akira the footage where Skye and Bohman are.
 Bohman begins to explain to Aqua what his purpose is and tells her to let him handle everything instead. Aqua however, dismisses his notions as Lightning, his creator was malicious and even imprisoned her and placed a virus on her origin,  Miyu Sugisaki . Bohman then told her that because he was created as a next generation Ignis, he is not Lightning's puppet but Aqua reasons that he was forced into it by Lightning, denying his existence. When Bohman asked what should he do, Aqua told him to stop harming people and stop following Lightning. Bohman refused and both sides eventually steeled themselves for the upcoming duel, with Bohman saying that he will give Skye and Aqua the vaccine data to restore Miyu as both begins to duel.
 As the duel starts, Blue Maiden conducts multiple Link Summons using "Marincess Sea Horse" and her Link Monsters which is a feat that impresses Ai. During Bohman's turn, he silently told to  Harlin  that he will not let his sacrifice go to waste and quickly Summons out his monsters as well. Despite thinking that she has prepared for Bohman's " Hydradrive " monsters, Bohman managed to defeat her initial setup. Akira meanwhile, told Ghost Girl that due to him investigating on the  Hanoi Project  he wanted to keep Skye away from LINK VRAINS. Bohman compliments on Blue Maiden's dueling style but told her that he will still win as Blue Maiden states that she will help Miyu out. Playmaker and Varis then comments on how Blue Maiden got roped into the Lost Incident.
 Bohman then begins to radiate his power, causing more instability into LINK VRAINS as the users begin to notice that they cannot log out from it.  Hayami  then realized that LINK VRAINS was hijacked and taken over as Bohman declares that at this point, he is LINK VRAINS itself, and that Blue Maiden is insignificant compared to him. Blue Maiden however, does not give up and Bohman continues the duel.
 As Skye intends to inflict burn damage to Bohman using her cards, the latter activates a continuous trap card to prevent her her doing it for 3 times, but Blue Maiden have no intention of backing down as she declares that Bohman's card only prevents her from doing burn damage for only 2 more times.
 
 Featured Duel: Bohman vs. Blue Maiden 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Master Duel .
 Turn 1: Blue Maiden 
 Blue Maiden   Normal Summons  " Marincess Sea Horse " (1400/1000) to the  Main Monster Zone . She then uses "Sea Horse" to  Link Summon  " Marincess Blue Slug " (1500/LINK-1/↓) to the  Extra Monster Zone . As it was Link Summoned, the effect of "Blue Slug" lets her add "Sea Horse" from her GY to her hand. Blue Maiden then activates "Sea Horse's" effect to Special Summon it from her hand to a zone a "Marincess" Link Monster points to (1400/1000). She uses "Sea Slug" and "Sea Horse" to Link Summon " Marincess Coral Anemone " (2000/LINK-2/←↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. She then activates the effect of "Coral Anemone"; targeting 1  WATER  monster in her GY and Special Summoning it to the zone it points to. She Special Summons "Blue Slug". Blue Maiden then uses "Coral Anemone" and "Blue Slug" to Link Summon " Marincess Marbled Rock " (2500/LINK-3/←↓→). Since "Coral Anemone" was sent to the GY, its effect lets Blue Maiden return "Sea Horse" from her GY to her hand. Blue Maiden then  sets  a  Card .
 Turn 2: Bohman 
As there are no monsters in the Main Monster Zones, Bohman  Special Summons  " Hydradrive Booster " (0/0) from his hand via its own effect. He then uses "Booster" to Link Summon " Coolant Hydradrive " (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. As there are no monsters in the Main Monster Zones, Bohman Special Summons another "Hydradrive Booster" via its own effect (0/0), then uses it to Link Summon another copy of "Coolant Hydradrive" (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the zone the first one was pointing to. Bohman then activates " Judgment Arrows " (↖↑↗) in the Spell/Trap Zone his second "Coolant" is pointing to. Bohman Normal Summons a third copy of "Hydradrive Booster" (0/0) from his hand and uses it to Link Summon a third "Coolant Hydradrive" (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the leftmost zone "Judgment Arrows" was pointing to.
 Bohman then uses his 3 copies of "Coolant Hydradrive" to Link Summon " Cubic Hydradrive Lord " (2300/LINK-3/←↓→) to the Middle Zone that "Judgment Arrows" was pointing to. Bohman activates "Cubic Hydradrive Lord's" effect that when it is Link Summoned, Bohman can declare 2  Attributes  (WATER,  FIRE , or  WIND ) and it will also treated as those Attributes while face-up on the field in addition to negating the effects of monsters with those Attribute(s) that the opponent controls. Bohman selects WATER and FIRE.
 "Lord" attacks "Marbled Rock", which activates the effects of "Judgment Arrows" that doubles the current ATK of a Link Monster it points to during damage calculation only ("Cubic Hydradrive Lord": 2300 → 4600 ATK). "Marbled Rock" is destroyed (Blue Maiden: 4000 → 1900 LP). Because it destroyed a monster with the same Attribute as itself in battle, the third effect of "Lord" activates, enabling it to attack again in a row.
 As a " Marincess " Link Monster she controlled is destroyed, Blue Maiden then activates her set " Marincess Snow ", targeting a "Marincess" Link Monster in her GY and Special Summoning a "Marincess" Link Monster from her Extra Deck with a lower Link Rating than that target (which is also treated as a Link Summon) and that Link Monster will be unaffected by her opponent's card effects. Blue Maiden targets the Link-3 "Marbled Rock" and Special Summons the Link-2 " Marincess Crystal Heart " (0/LINK-2/↙↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. "Lord" then attacks "Crystal Heart", but Blue Maiden activates "Crystal Heart's" effect; When "Crystal Heart" or another "Marincess" monster it points to is targeted for an attack, that monster will not be destroyed by battle and she takes no damage from it by sending a "Marincess" monster in her hand to the GY. In addition, "Crystal Heart's" third effect also prevents the attacking monster from being affected by other card effects aside from its own, so the effect of "Judgment Arrows" does not activate. Bohman then sets a  card . 
 Turn 3: Blue Maiden 
Blue Maiden draws " Marincess Bubble Blast ". Since her opponents controls a LINK-3 or higher monster, she activates "Bubble Blast" and targets "Crystal Heart" for its effect. Now, if a "Marincess" is Summoned to a zone "Crystal Heart" points to, she can inflict damage to her opponent equal to the total Link Rating of the "Marincess" Link Monsters linked to the targeted monster or the Summoned monster x 500. But she cannot declare an attack the turn she activates that card. Blue Maiden then activates the effect of "Sea Horse" from her hand to Special Summon it to a zone "Crystal Heart" is pointing to. The effect of "Bubble Blast" activates, which would inflict 1000 damage to Bohman, but Bohman then activates his  Continuous Trap Card  " Interference Canceller " by targeting 1 co-linked Link Monster he controls. The turn it was activated, if his opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict damage, Bohman can reduce that damage to 0 and he can use this effect up to the number of times up to the targeted monster's Link Rating. Since "Lord" is a LINK-3 Monster, Bohman negates the damage from "Bubble Blast" and can activate the effect of "Interference Canceller" twice more.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Blue Maiden (Skye Zaizen) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Marincess Crown Tail 
 Marincess Mandarin 
 Marincess Sea Horse Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Marincess Blue Slug 
 Marincess Coral Anemone 
 Marincess Crystal Heart 
 Marincess Marbled Rock Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Marincess Bubble Blast 
 Traps 
 Marincess Snow 
 
 Bohman Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hydradrive Booster  x3 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Coolant Hydradrive  x3 
 Cubic Hydradrive Lord Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Traps 
 Interference Canceller 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 G Golem Crystal Heart 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 2 episodes 
 #047 " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " #048 " Shed Some Light " #049 " Bring the Heat " #050 " A Common Cause " #051 " Bounty Hunting " #052 " Tapping Out " #053 " The Shepherd " #054 " Game of Drones " #055 " A Windy Welcome " #056 " Blue Gal Battles! " #057 " Bohman Returns " #058 " Memory Games " #059 " Return of the Hanoi " #060 " Sidekick Showdown " #061 " Darkness Dawns " #062 " Fearing the Worst " #063 " Scare Tactics " #064 " The Beginning " #065 " Pieces of the Puzzle " #066 " Contact " #067 " Choosing Sides " #068 " The Doorway " #069 " Coexistence " #070 " A Storm Brews " #071 " A Logical Decision " #072 " Strategy Shift " #073 " Weathering the Storm " #074 " Brain Hack " #075 " Earthfall " #076 " Awakened Memories " #077 " A Family Reunion " #078 " From One Hunter To Another " #079 " The Hunt Is On " #080 " Lightning Strikes " #081 " Heart of Darkness " #082 " Gored " #083 " Reaching Out " #084 " Payback " #085 " My Brother’s Keeper " #086 " The Weakest Link " #087 " The Ultimate Connection " #088 " A Breezy Battle " #089 " Fan the Flames " #090 " For a Friend " #091 " From the Heart " #092 " Fight with a Friend " #093 " A Fighting Promise " #094 " No Matter What It Takes " #095 " From the Ashes " #096 " I Know Your Secret " #097 " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " #098 " Lightning Storm " #099 " Bohman’s End Game " #100 " I Know Everything " #101 " Ai of the Beholder " #102 " The Final Turn " #103 " Reflections " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Vrains_090.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190220141516', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/Bohman_VS_Blue_Maiden.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/240?cb=20190220141951']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes