Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Ms._Chono%27s_Shadow_Game


 
 Dark Yugi and Ms. Chono's Shadow Game 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Ms. Chono's Shadow Game 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Ms. Chono 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 
 
 Episodes 
 10:  " The Pressing Beautiful Teacher - A Secret Mask " 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Ms. Chono's Shadow Game  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime , played by  Dark Yugi  and  Ms. Chono .
 The game was a race to piece together broken mirrors like a jigsaw, while blindfolded.
 It is partly based on the  Dark Puzzle  Shadow Game,  Dark Yugi  got Ms. Chono to play in the  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Anzu Mazaki  requested a revision of the school rules so that she can continue her part-time job. Ms. Chono agreed to do so only if Anzu managed to get enough signatures on a petition. Shortly after Anzu failed to obtain enough signatures,  Yugi Mutou  discovered that Chono had been manipulating students to ensure Anzu's failure. Dark Yugi then appeared and challenged Ms. Chono to a Shadow Game.
 
 Game 
 The rules were:
 
 Each player had to re-assemble a shattered mirror. The player that re-assembled their first mirror won. 
 The players must re-assemble their mirrors blindfolded. 
 If Dark Yugi won, Anzu would not get punished. 
 If Ms. Chono won, Dark Yugi would not mention anything about her manipulation of students and would do anything Ms. Chono said. 
 Dark Yugi gave Ms. Chono a pair of gloves to avoid injury. Ms. Chono removed her blindfold, thinking that Yugi would not know that she cheating while he has his on. Apparently oblivious, Dark Yugi continued to work on his puzzle and let her know when he was half done and Chono lied that she thought she was going to lose. Dark Yugi also reminded her that this was a Shadow Game and there are punishments for breaking the rules.
 Ms. Chono finished her mirror first, but since she cheated she was subjected to a  Penalty Game , which caused her make-up to peel away and reveal her ugly face.
 
 Aftermath 
 Ms. Chono managed to fix her face with more make-up, but any time she insisted on making the rules stricter, her make-up would start to crack apart again.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 10: " The Pressing Beautiful Teacher - A Secret Mask " 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei anime)  games 
 Game of Darkness  ( List ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Ushio 
 Dark Yugi VS Jiro 
 Magic & Wizards 
 Dark Yugi VS Shotaro 
 Weighing of the Heart  ( Kanekura ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi I 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi II 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Hirutani's gang 
 Dark Yugi VS Ms. Chono 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Miho and Dark Yugi VS Warashibe 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryuichi 
 Dark Yugi VS Kokurano 
 Dark Yugi VS bomber 
 Dark Yugi VS Goyu 
 Raijinhai  ( Dark Yugi VS Aileen ) 
 Dragon Block 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Himekoji 
 Jonouchi VS Dragon 1 
 Death-T 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/FSx010_Yugi_VS_Chono.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110622180448']
Categories: Shadow Games