Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Celtic_Guardian


 Celtic Guardian 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Bandai Bandai Sealdass Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Notes 
 1.2   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.3   Battle City 
 1.4   Virtual World 
 1.5   Battle City Finals 
 1.6   Waking the Dragons 
 1.7   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 5   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 6   Scripted Duels 
 7   Notes and references 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Notes 
 This card is called "Elf Swordsman" on his first appearance which is corrected in later episodes. 
 This card is known as " Guardia Celta " in the anime's Spanish version. 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 In  episode 2 ,  Yami Yugi  uses this card during his Duel against  Maximillion Pegasus . He summons this card in Attack Position, intending to use this card to attack " Illusionist Faceless Mage ". Pegasus then uses " Eye of Illusion " to have Yugi's " Dark Magician " (which Pegasus took control of via "Eye of Illusion") attack and destroy this card.
 In the same episode, this card is also shown on  Solomon Muto 's poster while he's talking to his grandson. [1] 
 In  episode 10 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Ghost Kaiba . He summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy " Grappler ". This card is on the field until the Duel is over. 
 In  episode 14 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  PaniK . He summons this card in Defense Position. PaniK's " Barox " attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 16 , this card is shown in a flashback  Bakura Ryou  has when he makes note of the  Millennium Ring  pointing at Pegasus's castle as something similar when he first started attending Yugi Muto's school. Joey Wheeler is shown using this card in his duel against Yugi. What happens next is unknown as the flashback then shifted to Bakura who then noticed that the Millennium Ring is pointing to Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle . 
 In  episode 19 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Tag Duel with  Joey Wheeler  against the  Paradox Brothers . He summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi moves this card 4 spaces into  the maze . The brothers' " Wall Shadow " then immediately attacks this card but Joey activates " Kunai with Chain " to equip onto Joey's " Axe Raider " and raise the ATK of both "Axe Raider" and this card by 500. This card then destroys "Wall Shadow". On Para's End Phase, this card's power boost from "Kunai with Chain" wears off, returning this card's ATK to original value. In  the next episode , Yugi has this card together with "Dark Magician", "Axe Raider" and " Flame Swordsman " but the brothers cut Yugi and Joey's Monster Cards off from each other with " Magical Labyrinth ". Later, Dox's " Dungeon Worm " (whose ATK is 2200 due to " Invigoration ") attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 24 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Seto Kaiba . He summons this card in Attack Position. Yami Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (which had 900 ATK due to being weakened three times by the combo of " Mammoth Graveyard ", " Living Arrow " and " Polymerization ") but only slices off one of three heads (because "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" is a fusion of three monsters and each head had its own amount of ATK). Seto couldn't bear to lose the only chance at saving  Mokuba Kaiba  while Yami Yugi wishes to save both his grandfather and Mokuba so Seto then moved to the edge and threatened to jump off if this card's attack is successful (in the original Japanese version; the English dub has this card's attack's shockwave potentially throwing Seto off the ledge). Seto then activates " Monster Reborn " to revive  the head  that this card cut off and now being 100% clean. Yami Yugi attempts to attack another weakened head of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" with this card as he's unwilling to lose the Duel but  Yugi Muto  hampers this card's attack at the last moment as he could not bear to see Kaiba fall to his death. The only healthy head of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" then attacks and destroys this card, defeating Yugi. 
 In  episode 25 , this card appears in a flashback Yugi Muto has when he remembers Yami Yugi nearly making his winning move against Seto Kaiba despite that he and Yugi knew full well that Kaiba will fall off the ledge if this card's attack was successful. This card's attack was stopped by Yugi at the last moment because he couldn't bear to see Kaiba fall to his death, leading to Yugi being defeated. Yugi notes Yami Yugi would have killed Kaiba if he didn't stop him and there was no other choice. Yugi wonders if he would ever duel again since he could not control Yami Yugi at that point and it may happen again. 
 In  episode 30 , this card is shown in Yami Yugi's hand during his Duel against  Mai Valentine .
 In the same episode, this card also appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he remembers his Duel against Seto Kaiba on top of Pegasus's castle and Kaiba wagering his life right when Yami Yugi was about to win. Unlike Yugi Muto, Yami Yugi notes that he thought he would have lost his pride as a duelist if he had lost but instead he realized something else. 
 In  episode 33 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against Joey Wheeler. He summons this card on the Duel's first turn. Joey's " Giltia the Dark Knight " then attacks and destroys this card.
 In the same episode, this card also appears when Yami Yugi explains to Joey that Duel Monsters is about the balance between Monster,  Spell  and  Trap  Cards. 
 In  episode 35 , this card was shown in Yami Yugi's hand during his Duel against Maximillion Pegasus. In  the next episode , Yami Yugi summons this card in Attack Position. Yami Yugi has this card attack Pegasus's " Toon Mermaid " but "Toon Mermaid" then destroys this card since Toon Monsters can't be destroyed by regular Monster cards.
 In the first above-mentioned episode, this card appears in Yugi Muto's thoughts when he notes it will take all the wisdom his grandfather taught him and all the power in his cards to defeat Pegasus. 
 In  episode 41 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against  Rebecca Hawkins . He summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy Rebecca's " Witch of the Black Forest ", allowing Rebecca to use the effect of "Witch of the Black Forest" to add a  Monster Card  with 1500 or less DEF from her Deck to her hand. On Yugi's next turn, this card attacks and destroys Rebecca's " Sangan ", allowing Rebecca to use the effect of "Sangan" to add a Monster Card with 1500 or less ATK from her Deck to her hand. Rebecca then activates " Tribute to the Doomed " to destroy this card. 
 In  episode 46 , this card is shown on some TV monitors that were showing the Duels that occurred in Duelist Kingdom. 
 Battle City 
 In  episode 50 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against  Bandit Keith  possessed by  Marik Ishtar . He summons this card on the Duel's first turn. On Yugi's next turn, this card attacks and destroys Keith's set " Cyber Jar ". The Flip Effect of "Cyber Jar" then activates, destroying this card and forcing Yugi and Keith to draw five cards and summon any Level 4 or below monsters they drew; Yugi Special Summons " Silver Fang " in face-down Defense Position while Keith Special Summons " Mechanicalchaser " and " Ground Attacker Bugroth " in Attack Position. 
 In  episode 53 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Johnny Steps . He summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy Johnny's " Sonic Maid ". Later Johnny's " Musician King " attacks and destroys this card.
 In the same episode, this card also appears on a poster that Yami Yugi and  Téa Gardner  read when they find a game store that sells Duel Monster cards. 
 In  episode 60 , this card is seen in Yami Yugi's hand during his Duel against  Arkana . On the Duel's third turn, Yugi discards this card due to " Card Destruction ". 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 99 , this card appears when Yami Yugi is building his Deck for his Duel against  Gansley . This card is shown when Yugi is about to choose his Deck Master beore " Kuriboh " chooses itself as Yugi's Deck Master. 
 In  episode 106 , this card can be seen when  Duke Devlin ,  Tristan Taylor  and  Serenity Wheeler  are building their Decks for their Duel against  Nezbitt . 
 In  episode 108 , this card can be seen when Seto Kaiba is building his Deck for his Duel against  Leichter . 
 In  episode 111 , this card can be seen when Yami Yugi and Joey Wheeler are building their Decks for their Duel against  the Big Five . 
 Battle City Finals 
 In  episode 135 , this card is seen in a series of flashbacks that Yami Yugi has when he notes to himself that his rivalry with Seto Kaiba allowed him to fight harder and reach new heights. 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In  episode 159 , this card is shown when  Weevil Underwood  and  Rex Raptor  are taken to a vault within  Paradius 's headquarters that contains copies of every card in existence (sans the  Legendary Dragons  and the  Egyptian Gods ). 
 In  episode 164 , this card appears in a flashback that Yami Yugi has when he remembers his Duel with Seto Kaiba at Duelist Kingdom and how he let his pride over winning get the better of him. 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 In  episode 222 , this card appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he reminds Yugi Muto that the latter taught the former that a person's life is much more important than winning. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters 
 Yugi Muto was holding the  the Capsule Monster version of this card  while teaching Téa Gardner how to play  Capsule Monsters . 
 This monster is the first one Yugi Muto obtains. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 This card appears in the second version of the show's Japanese opening song  99% . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 8 , this card appears in  Henrietta Akaba 's explanation of the  LID  curriculum and how they want to add  Pendulum Summoning  to their curriculum. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 A virtual copy of  Yami Yugi  uses this card during this duel against  Seto Kaiba . He Special Summons this card via the effect of " Celtic Guard of Noble Arms ". This card is later destroyed by Kaiba's " Kaiser Vorse Raider ". 
 This card can also be seen when  Yugi Muto  reconstructs his Deck at the  Kame Game . 
 Scripted Duels 
 In  Match of the Millenium: Yugi vs. Pegasus , Yugi Normal Summons this card on the first turn. On his next turn, Yugi switches this card to Defense Position. On Yugi's subsequent next turn, he Tributes this card and " Gaia the Fierce Knight " to  Tribute Summon  " Dark Magician ". 
 Notes and references 
 
 ↑   The poster foreshadows when Yugi duels  Weevil Underwood  in the original Japanese version, while the English dub features " Black Luster Soldier " and " Harpie's Pet Dragon " which foreshadows when Yugi duels  Mai Valentine . 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances