Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Portal_talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_anime_characters


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Portal:Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL anime characters.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Nelson 
 2   Dr. Faker, Dextra, and Nistro 
 3   Categorizing Characters 
 4   Rio Kastle 
 5   Eliphas 
 6   Main/Support 
 
 
 Nelson 
 how is nelson a supporting character, he is one of those minor number holder characters. he only appears in 2 storys and his plot elerments don't significally affect the story very much.he is really a minor character like most of the number holders. DalekSupreme13  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:26, January 7, 2012 (UTC)
 
 It probably has to do with the fact that he was prominently featured in the first opening theme, so it was thought he might show up again. Go ahead and move him to minor if you like. Actually, the same can be said of Anna and the second opening theme.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:05, January 7, 2012 (UTC) 
 Dr. Faker, Dextra, and Nistro 
 Should the above three be placed in the supporting character section? They're no longer in any antagonistic roless. Dextra and Nistro more particularly, since they stopped being antagonists after their duel with Yuma. Nistro has helped Yuma on several occasions, and even considered him a good enough friend to give Excalibur to. And Faker won't be doing anything more as an anagonist in ZEXAL II.-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:50, October 13, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Categorizing Characters 
 Sooo if you look at the other series' 6 main characters particuarly Tristan, Tea, Kotori etc. They are do not play a major role in the story BUT still included as the main cast in some ovious reasons that are hard to explain. This means that they do not need to have a major role in a story to be included into the 6 main cast. PArticularly Bronk was more of a main character than Hart in the first series even though Hart has some connection to the plot. Dr. Faker plays a major part of the story but why wasn't he included? Vetrix? Kazuma? Utopia? Shark Drake? Same reason that they do not need to be part of the story. Rio seems to be connected to the new arc's story but he won't be a "MAIN" main character. Bronk was deserving to be in the spot until his role just got pushed to be in just "Yuma's social climber friends". Rei becomes his new best friend AND is connected to the Numbers/Barian so yea he got the new spot. Stop adding Rio. 
 Taichi, Yamikawa, Sachi and Sei are just f**king minor characters. They are not supporting. Stop adding them back ---- SharkTenjo  13:32, October 20, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Rei is in no way shape or form a "main". any speculation that he has anything to do with number, barian, and "new best friend" or even the plot is just that. Speculation. I think that the 6th spot should be given to a character that has at this point been PROVEN to be a part of the plot.(i.e. Hart or Rio), Rei should replace them if and only if he proven to have a SIGNIFICANT impact or place in the story remeber this sight goes on logic not speculation  —This unsigned comment was made by  72.216.8.65  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:39, October 20, 2012‎ (UTC) 
 And with that said I am going to reverse the damage-- joshua  16:47, October 20, 2012 (UTC)Joshua 
 I don't think impact on the plot is what makes someone a main character. If someone appears very briefly at the end of a show that's been running for years and is then revealed to have been orchestrating everything that happened in the story, they are not a main character. If you have a comic relief character who appears in every episode, has plenty of dialogue, but is overall useless in terms of progression of the story, they could be considered a main character. I'm not speaking about any characters in particular. "Main character" is not an in-universe title; it's to do with how the audience perceive them, not how important they are in the fictional universe. 
 I haven't seen much of  ZEXAL , but if Rei has only appeared in one episode so far, I wouldn't consider him to be a main character, unless previews for the latest season say he's going to be. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 23:13, October 20, 2012 (UTC) 
 V Jump previews implied that both Rei and Rio would be main characters. Episodes 74 and 75 were the set-up for the new plot. Episode 76 is supposed to officially debut Rei as a character (thus far he's done nothing but watch a Duel and smile evilly), while episode 77 is supposed to debut Rio as an actual character (thus far, she's been the main motivator behind Shark's actions but has spent all her screentime in a hospital bed and most of that unconscious). 
 The other option for the sixth spot being thrown around is Hart. He's was Kite's main motivator, but screentime-wise he's never appeared often. It was almost a running gag that he would do something awesomeevery ten episodes or so before vanishing again for ten episodes. 
 Tetsuo is arguably the Honda to Kotori's Anzu. Just even less important, plot wise.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:28, October 20, 2012 (UTC) 
 Agreed. Rei seems to be a Jesse Anderson of the story. Or maybe The Fat Guy is the GX version of  their own fat guy who slowly got out of its main character role . Unregistered user, do not edit things if its not yet done. Taichi, Sashi, Sei and Yamikawa are MINOR characters! Why keep adding them?! Also Rei, Rio and Gilag have same role so any reason why Rio have better role than Rei? Hart is defenitely not part of the 6th spot since the user who added it said that he should be added since he is connected to the plot. I think the Fat Guy should be added and if his role will slowly go down to the level of "Yuma's social climber friends" then kick him out and replace him to someone who will be deserving as the main character ---- SharkTenjo  01:09, October 21, 2012 (UTC) 
 Rio Kastle 
 Why is Bronk Stone the Main Character on the Home Page instead of Rio Kastle?  ZexalRandom  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:48, December 3, 2012 (UTC)
 http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Portal_talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_anime_characters?action=edit&section=4# 
 
 Gee, I wonder why... Maybe it was because he was with Yuma for longer? Or maybe because Rio has only just been with Yuma & crew for some 3-odd episodes? Admittedly, she has made her presence much stronger than the other characters, but we should wait to see how much presence she has in later episodes. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:52, December 3, 2012 (UTC 
 I think we should we should leave as is untill we must as Bronk's biggest as of was being used as bait, while she has proved to be a lot more interesting then Bronk.-- Super side swiper  18:06, December 13, 2012 (UTC) 
 I'm not exactly sure what you're trying to say. Do you mean Bronk's biggest  role  was being used as bait, while Rio is interesting, making her a more major character? --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 13:26, December 14, 2012 (UTC) 
 I'm for ditching Tetsuo out of the main cast too. It's quite obvious that he's been moved to a supporting role. Rio would be a better candidate currently as she appears in Zexal II in pretty much every episode and she's more involved in the storyline. Haruto and Rei would also be other choices which would make sense. Rei has taken Tetsuo's spot in Yuma's gang as it's usually him, Yuma and Kotori together now instead of Tetsuo.  82.13.232.5  ( talk ) 16:27, December 18, 2012 (UTC) 
 mehhh Tetsuo is the Honda to Kotori's Anzu, which mean he's a main character even if he doesn't do much.-- RexGodwin  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:18, December 25, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Eliphas 
 So, why is Eliphas under minor while Ena is a supporting character considering Eliphas had more overall impact?-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:29, March 24, 2014 (UTC)
 
 Main/Support 
 Does Rio really count as one of the main characters in ZEXAL? She seems more like a supporting character especially since she was introduced as Shark's younger twin sister with barely enough development. Its similar to many how fans initially considered Ray Shadows/Vector as as part of the main main cast until he was revealed to be one of the main antagonists. Rio is pretty much the same way, so I figured she should be moved to the supporting section.  —This unsigned comment was made by  MCN51FJ  ( talk  •  contribs )  
 
 
 
 
Categories: