Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:AllenKozuki.png


 
 Allen Kozuki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Allen Kozuki 
 
 
 Japanese   
 神 月  アレン 神月 アレン こうづき アレン Rōmaji: ( Kōzuki Aren ) 
 
 
 Italian   
 Alan Kablam 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 The Resistance [1] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Heartland Duel School ,  Clover Branch [1] 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Railway 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Devon Talbott [3] 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Michiyo Murase [2] 
 
 
 
 Allen Kozuki  ( 神 月  アレン  Kōzuki Aren )  is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a resident of  Heartland City  in the  Xyz Dimension  and one of the few surviving  Clover Branch  members of  the Resistance .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Allen.     
 Allen is a short boy with red spiky hair and bushy eyebrows. His eyes are teal and the front of his bangs are lined with yellow. Allen wears a maroon long-sleeved shirt, grey pants and yellow boots with white tongues and grey soles under a purple poncho that is emblazoned with a blue shield shape and green diamonds; two on the lower part of the shield and two smaller ones on each shoulder. 
 Allen also owns a pair of  Rollerboots  with retractable wheels that have Solid Vision "tires". [4]  The rollerboots are red with orange armor on the fronts, and the wheels glow yellow when activated.
 
 Personality 
 Allen is a friendly and light-hearted individual, though not to the point of ignoring suffering. He cares about the well-being of his friends, encouraging  Saya  not to overwork herself and he was saddened to learn of  Yuto 's disappearance. He dislikes  Yusho Sakaki  for (seemingly) abandoning them before the invasion of  Duel Academy . This dislike extends to  Yuya , calling him an outsider after learning he is Yusho's son despite their initial friendly meeting. Allen speaks somewhat informally, as noted by  Sylvio . [1] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Allen with  Kite  and  Saya  before the invasion.     
 Prior to  Duel Academy 's  invasion , Allen and  Saya  were students from  Heartland Duel School 's  Clover Branch , the same branch where their friend and ace Duelist  Kite  studied. One of their teachers was  Yusho Sakaki . During the invasion, they became members of  the Resistance . Eventually, most of the Clover branch-based survivors were wiped out and they were forced to go into hiding at the  Duel Sanctuary . [1] 
 
 Heartland City 
 While  Yuya Sakaki  and  Kite  were Dueling, Kite mistook Yuya for  Yuto . Allen,  Shay , and  Saya  arrived and cleared up the misunderstanding. They attempted to convince Kite that the  Lancers  were comrades and to rejoin them, but Kite refused and disappeared. [2] 
 
       Allen brings the  Lancers  to the  Duel Sanctuary .     
 After leading the Lancers to their  hideout , Allen introduced himself and Saya to Yuya,  Gong  and  Sylvio . Saya was handing out food to civilians, and Allen advised her not to overwork herself. He then commented on Yuya's resemblance to Yuto, and he asked if Yuya was sure that he wasn't Yuto, but Shay clarified that Yuya was not Yuto. After Shay explained where he and Yuto had gone, Allen revealed that while Yuto and Shay were gone,  Duel Academy  had launched a massive offensive attack, wiping out the Resistance's  Spade Branch  and forcing the remnants of the  Clover Branch  to go into hiding. Their conversation was cut short when Saya questioned Yuya's connection with Yusho, and Yuya revealed that Yusho was his father. Allen explained that Yusho was their teacher and that he had abandoned them during the invasion, shocking Yuya. [1] 
 Allen and Saya left the hideout in search of Kite, and found him Dueling three Duel Academy Duelists. Kite told them to stay out of his way and he sealed the Duelists into cards. Allen told Kite that Saya was worried about him, but Kite ignored him. Shay arrived and he challenged Kite to a Duel. During the Duel, Allen and Saya learned about  Action Cards  from Sylvio when Shay used one. Yuya showed up to stop the Duel, and Allen told him that he should stay out of their business as he was an outsider. As Shay continued to try to convince Kite to fight alongside them again, Yuya mused on their past, and Allen wondered how Yuya knew those details. Yuya revealed that Yuto was inside him. Shay lost, and Kite prepare*-d to seal him into a card, but Saya begged him not to, explaining that she didn't want to lose him after they had lost  Lulu . Allen tried to reassure Saya that it wasn't her fault, but Saya revealed that she had been present and too scared to intervene when Lulu was kidnapped. This convinced Kite to spare Shay, and Kite departed. [5] 
 Later, while Allen was working on his  Rollerboots , he saw Saya run off and he went after her. As he searched outside, he almost ran into Yuya, who asked Allen to take him too because Saya was going after Kite. Allen refused, claiming that he would never accept Yuya as a comrade even if Yuto was inside Yuya. Allen found Saya cornered by  Gloria  and  Grace , and he told Saya to run, but she refused, and Gloria and Grace suggested a  Tag-Team Duel . Allen  Summoned  " Ruffian Railcar " and inflicted  damage  on his first turn, then protected "Ruffian Railcar" from " Amazoness Queen " with " Construction Train Signal Red " to set the field up for Saya. Saya's attack failed, and to Allen's anger she forgot to use the effect of " Fairy Cheer Girl ". Seeing Saya's sorrow, Allen tried to reassure her that he would make up for it on his next turn, but Gloria and Grace mocked the idea and they revealed that they were the Tyler sisters, who Allen remembered had destroyed the  Spade Branch  Resistance force. Allen and Saya were pushed back by the Tyler sisters' " Amazoness Pet Liger ", and Saya apologized to Allen for being a burden. Allen reassured her that they hadn't lost yet, and he  Xyz Summoned  " Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf " and used its effect to let it  attack directly  but the Tyler sisters revealed that the effect of "Liger" would negate the attack. Saya reminded Allen that he could use the effect of "Cheer Girl" to draw a card, and Allen drew " Limiter Removal " and immediately attacked. Grace used  Amazoness Substitution  to switch the attack to Gloria's " Amazoness Swords Woman ", and Allen used "Limiter Removal" to double the  ATK  of "Iron Wolf". Grace used the effect of "Swords Woman" to reflect the damage back to him, but Saya saved him with " Fairy Rail ", turning the damage into  ATK  for "Cheer Girl". Saya told Allen to use "Fairy Cheer Girl" for the next attack and they were able to turn the Duel around. However they were both defeated when Gloria  Fusion Summoned  " Amazoness Empress ", which allowed the twins' "Amazoness" monsters to inflict piercing damage. Just as the Tyler sisters prepared to seal Allen and Saya into cards, Gong and Sylvio arrived. [6]  Their would-be rescuers were also defeated by the Tyler sisters while Allen remained unconscious. He awoke to see Yuya and Shay Dueling the Tyler sisters as the sisters gained  LP  from " Amazoness Hall ". Allen was amazed by Yuya's Dueltaining as he used " Miracle Rocket Show " to defeat the Tyler sisters. [7] 
 After the Duel, Allen finally accepted Yuya as a comrade, and he, Saya and the Lancers watched Shay and Yuya Duel three  Obelisk Force  members, with the Lancers and Saya. The Obelisk Force eventually Summoned " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", and the shockwave from its attack damaged the surrounding buildings and caused Saya to flee in fear into the debris zone. Shay saved her, but to Allen's worry he had been badly injured by the debris in the process. Allen was surprised when Kite returned to help Yuya win against the Obelisk Force.  [8]  A squad brought by Duel Academy Commander-in-chief  Aster Phoenix  started to surround them, but Kite defeated them, allowing everyone to escape while Yuya Dueled Aster. [9] 
 
         Allen, Kite, and  the Resistance  order  Mamoru  to Duel them.     
 They reached their hideout, and Allen and Kite returned with their Resistance comrades to assist Yuya, arriving just as  Mamoru Noro  ordered the Duel Academy soldiers to attack Yuya and the defected Aster and the Tyler sisters. Allen explained that Kite had brought everyone to help him and that Shay was being looked after by the others. Kite challenged Mamoru to Duel him if he had the resolve to put his life on the line, forcing the frightened deputy to surrender. Aster made a speech convincing the Duel Academy Duelists to stand down and assist the people that they had wronged, and the students all agreed. Back at the Duel Sanctuary, Allen expressed his concern over their decision to let Aster and his former Duel Academy squad come to their hideout and help them. He was surprised when Kite admitted his mistakes after seeing Aster do the same, despite Allen reminding Kite that Duel Academy had sealed his family into cards. He listened to Yuto, who was speaking through Yuya, assure Kite that he was showing bravery by admitting his own mistakes and enduring the pain of losing his family and friends. To Allen's surprise, Aster revealed that there was a way to restore the people who had been sealed into cards, but they would have to retrieve the cards from Duel Academy. Yuya, Gong, Sylvio and Kite prepare to depart for the Fusion Dimension, and Allen gave Yuya his rollerboots and told him that they were his feelings. [10] 
 
 Duel Academy 
         Allen and Saya are sucked through a dimensional rift.     
 A dimensional rift opened in the sky, and Allen wondered what the  massive dragon  that he could see in it was. [11]  Another rift opened and started to pull people inside, and Allen told Saya to hurry but she was distracted the sight of Shay and Kite Dueling on the other side of the rift. A rift opened in front of her, and Allen tried to save her but they were sucked into it and transported to the  Fusion Dimension . They woke to find themselves present as Shay and Kite Dueled an  opponent  who they called  Yuto  and  Yuya . Allen was amazed when Shay and Kite used " Rank-Up-Magic Limitover Force " to  Rank-Up   their   monsters  without knowing what the other had in their hand. Kite used " Rank-Up Gravity " to force his opponent's monsters to attack and  banish  them if they didn't, a strategy Allen thought perfect since Shay and Kite's monsters had the higher  ATK . However, their opponent used the effect of his " Supreme King Servant Dragon Dark Rebellion " to reduce the ATK of their monsters to zero. Before Allen and Saya could see anymore, another rift opened, transporting them to  another dimension . [12] 
 Allen and Saya found themselves outside  You Show Duel School , as the portion of  Paradise City  that they were in was merged with the other dimensions. They noticed an island passing with several of their  Resistance  comrades who had been sealed into cards, and they realized that their comrades had been freed. Allen was surprised to learn that the opponent Shay and Kite had Dueled, Z-ARC, was the  huge monster , in addition to resembling Yuya. [13]   Declan Akaba  joined the Duel and managed to deal damage to Z-ARC, and Allen and Saya told him to deliver their thoughts to Yuya. However, they were surprised when they thought " Supreme King Z-ARC " had killed Declan. [14] 
 Following the battle against Z-ARC, Allen told Yuya that Shay was in the Fusion Dimension and didn't care about the  Junior Arc League Championship  after learning about it from Declan. He then watched Yuya and  Dennis McField 's Duel, amazed by Dennis' Rank-Up and Yuya enduring the attacks of " Performage Trapeze High Magician ". He was happy when Yuya won. [15]  Allen is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with  Gloria ,  Grace ,  Mamoru , Aster, Kite, and Saya. Allen and Saya were happy when Yuya brought out " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". [16]  Allen applauded Yuya's victory and also watched his Duel with Declan. When Yuya's " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " was attacked by Declan's " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon ", Allen encouraged Yuya to use the  Rollerboots , but to his surprise, Yuya instead flew up with "Starving Venom" to grab an  Action Card . [4]  He was amazed when Yuya used the effect of " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon " effect to increase its ATK by the combined ATK of Declan's monsters. Allen was surprised when he thought Yuya defeated Declan and noted how Yuya was smiling after he used the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician " to lower their monsters ATK to 0. He watched Yuya and Declan gather Action Cards to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to "Five-Rainbow Magician". Allen was happy that Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu Boyle . [17] 
 
 Deck 
 Allen uses a  " Railway " Deck  based around power tactics.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Construction Train Signal Red 
 Express Train Trolley Olley 
 Ruffian Railcar Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Limiter Removal 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler 
 107 
 Lose (with  Saya Sasayama )
 
 Trivia 
 Allen is likely loosely based on  Anna Kaboom  from Zexal.
 He shares the same surname as her in the original, and their first names begin with the same letter. 
 Both use "Railway" Decks which focus on high Ranked Xyz Monsters. 
 They have some unique form of transport. Allen has Rollerboots, while Anna has her Flying Blaster. 
 They also seem to jump to conclusions without listening to others. Allen thought Yusho abandoned them, while attacked Yuma and challenged her mentor to a duel for answers instead of letting them explain. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Matt Shipman 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/AllenKozuki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160529151313', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4d/FullAllenKozuki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160529100158', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Kite%2C_Saya%2C_%26_Allen_before_invasion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160818024113', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/Allen_Brings_Yuya_and_The_co_to_the_Duel_Lodge.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160517140711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/The_Resistance.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703234701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Allen_and_Saya_sucked_by_void.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170115143154']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters