Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Reed_Pepper

For the  Tag Force  version of this character, see  Reed Pepper (Tag Force) .      
 
 
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Cooking Duel Prince [1] Michie [2] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 茂 古 田   未 知 夫 茂古田 未知夫 もこた みちお Rōmaji: ( Mokota Michio ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 제이미 오 KRR: Jeimi O Translated:  Jamie O 
 
 
 French name  
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 German name  
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 Italian name  
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mrs. Pepper  (mother) Sansho Pepper  (father) 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Flavor Factory School 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Top 16     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Cookpal 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jason Griffith 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yasuaki Takumi 
 
 
 
 Reed Pepper , known as  Michio Mokota  ( 茂 古 田   未 知 夫   Mokota Michio ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a student from  Flavor Factory School , who is arranged to Duel  Yuya  by  Nico Smiley . Despite already having qualified for the  Junior Arc League Championship , Reed agreed to Duel against Yuya for fun as he defeated  The Sledgehammer . He is a famous young chef and  Duelist  whose recipes are popular with housewives.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Reed.     
 Reed is a young man with orange hair, featuring a pinkish red bang that hangs down at the front. He also has pale skin and freckles. His main feature is that his eyes are shown as being shut or squinting, only opening them when being dramatic or in shock. Reed's outfit consists of a white undershirt covered by a light pink shirt with the sleeves rolled up and dark blue waistcoat and red tie. He also wears cream pants with a yellow pattern going round each leg alongside brown shoes.
 
 Personality 
 On the surface, Reed seems to be a kind person, but is actually arrogant. He looks down on his opponents, possibly due to defeating students from  LID  Top Class. He refers to  Yuya  as a light meal as a means to belittle him. As the Duel continues, his lack of respect comes from the fact that he sees everything he does as perfection, ranging from his  Action Duel  performances to his cooking. During the Duel,  Yuya's mother  threw Yuya a pancake sandwich that was made by altering one of Reed's "perfect" recipes, which he didn't appear to like. His personality seems to come from his mother's coddling. 
 After being defeated by Yuya, Reed realized the errors of his ways after remembering that his father disagreed with his outlook on perfection. Reed became more friendly, caring about others and he is ready to help them. He demonstrated some altruism and bravery when he comes to help Moon Shadow, Celina and Shay to fight  unknown enemies .
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Reed has a habit of relating everything to meals and cooking, often saying that his Dueling strategy is a "perfect recipe" or saying that he'll make a "light meal" of  Yuya  during the Duel.
 
 Etymology 
 It's possible that Reed's Japanese name (Michio) is based on Mokomichi Hayami (速水もこみち,  Hayami Mokomichi ) who hosts a cooking corner named MOCO's Kitchen in the morning show ZIP! that airs on Nippon TV in Japan. His English name is a corruption of red pepper.
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 He was first mentioned by Yoko Sakaki, who was preparing one of his recipes for Yuya. Reed was set up to Duel against  Yuya Sakaki  by  Nico Smiley . The Duel was set in Reed's specialty field, " Chaos Kitchen ", where he not only had the advantage due to his knowledge of the field, but also unintentionally due to Yuya skipping breakfast. He brought out his " Royal Cookpals " and when Yuya  Pendulum Summoned , used the effects of his monsters to destroy Yuya's  monsters. [1]  Yuya continued to have trouble until  his mother  arrived with one of Reed's recipes that she'd wrapped in her own pancakes. Reed was angered that his recipe had been improved, saying that his recipes couldn't be improved. He then attempted to defeat Yuya there and then, but Yuya's replenished energy from the meal allowed him to grab an  Action Card  to save himself. Reed was still able to  destroy  Yuya's  monsters  when he Pendulum Summoned again, but this allowed Yuya to use his " Illusion Balloons " to bring out " Performapal Elephammer " and attack the now-wide open Reed. Accepting that his recipe and Dueling weren't perfect, Reed congratulated Yuya after his win, saying that he'd see him in the Junior Arc League Championship. [3] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Reed made it to the second round of the Junior Arc League Championship, and when  Dipper O'rion , his second-round opponent, didn't show up, Reed won the round by default and advanced to the Top-16. [4]  He joined the other contestants, save  Shay , in the LID Center Court, where he learned that the next round would be a  Battle Royal  with the goal of betting and collecting  Pendulum Cards . [5]  Reed went to the Jungle Area of the " Quartet of Quandry " Field Spell, where he encountered  Trout , who offered an alliance. Although he knew that Teppei was up to no good, Reed agreed in order to test his skills, and he defeated both  Halil  and  Olga .  Aura  then approached him, seeking help for Yuya, and Reed immediately agreed to help out. He assisted Trout and  Gong  in holding down Yuya, who was in a  berserk state , and Reed asked how it had happened. Gong replied that he had no idea, and Aura used her fortune-telling skills to see that there was  another soul  inside Yuya, in addition to a darkness that was attempting to overwhelm them both. Yuya later woke up, and Reed made him soup from Trout's fish to recover. [6]  The next morning, Reed cooked the group breakfast, but the praise heaped upon him caused Aura to run off to look for ingredients. Reed then learned about the invaders from  Fusion Dimension   Duel Academy , and he and Trout split up from Yuya and Gong to look for the other contestants. [7] 
 They soon found an unconscious Aura in the Iceberg Area, and Reed convinced Trout to take her to a safe place. Unfortunately, they accidentally wandered into the Volcano Area where Shay,  Moon Shadow  and  Celina  were Dueling members of the  Obelisk Force , the invaders that Yuya had described. Seeing the group in a pinch, Reed and Trout rushed to their aid, despite Trout's protests, but they suffered the 2000-LP intrusion penalty that was still in effect. Recovering quickly, Reed brought out three "Royal Cookpals" and passed the turn to his sidekick, who combined his " The Legendary Fisherman III " with Reed's cards to deal 2000 damage to each of their opponents. They congratulated themselves for their strongest combination, but this had inadvertently set the stage for the Obelisk Force to activate a combo of  Continuous Trap Cards  that dealt 2000 damage to three players. Reed was defeated first, blasted off his feet and into a wall, and he was  sealed into   a card  by one of the Obelisk Force. Yuya received the news that Reed and Trout were sealed into cards and wept for their loss. [8] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Reed was freed from his  card , but had lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . He was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Aura  and  Trout . [9]  He is later seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Trout [10]  and applauded when Yuya won. He then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [11]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed Zuzu's revival. [12] 
 
 Deck 
 Reed uses a  " Cookpal " Deck , primarily focused on accumulating cards underneath his " Food Cemetery " which he then uses in combination with " Wonder Recipe " to continuously  Special Summon  his " Royal Cookpal "  monsters  while locking his opponent's Summoning methods down as well as inflicting large amounts of damage. He also uses cards such as " Food Fraud " and " Canning Cuisine " to support his strategy further. He uses cards like " Metabolic Storm " and " Monster Pie " to inflict large amounts of  effect damage  to his opponent. 
 
 
 Cookpal Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cookpal Cluckwheat 
 Cookpal Eggong 
 Cookpal Lionion 
 Cookpal Pumapotato 
 Cookpal Rabbitomato 
 Royal Cookpal King Burger 
 Royal Cookpal Knight Pasta 
 Royal Cookpal Prince Curry 
 Royal Cookpal Princess Pudding 
 Royal Cookpal Queen Omelette Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Food Fraud 
 Minute Meal 
 Regal Recipes 
 Traps 
 Canning Cuisine 
 Food Cemetery 
 Metabolic Storm 
 Monster Pie 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 16 - 17 
 Lose
 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 40 
 Win
 
 
 Halil  and  Olga 
 44 - 46 
 Win
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 48 
 Lose (with  Trout , win for  Celina ,  Shay Obsidian , and  Moon Shadow )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 44: " Danger Zones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 40: " Stealth Warriors " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota)  pages 
 Anime 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Reed_Pepper.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140727151823', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/FullReedPepper.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20140720193340']
Categories: Characters, Reed Pepper pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters