Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jack_Atlas_(Duel_Links)


 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ジャック・アトラス 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Jack Atlas Deck The True King The Fire Deep Down Below 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Takanori Hoshino 
 
 
 
 Jack Atlas  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Jack Atlas , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 Prior to May 10, 2019, he was exclusive to the  special event   Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 White  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Jack Atlas at the  Gate . During the special event, Blue-Eyes Mountain coffee are required instead.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Roaming Duelist / Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 
 3.2.1   Level 30 
 3.2.2   Level 40 
 3.2.3   Level 50 
 3.2.4   Level 60 
 
 
 3.3   Opponent 
 
 3.3.1   Level 10 
 3.3.2   Level 20 
 3.3.3   Level 30 and Level 40 
 3.3.4   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Goes by many names: The King, The Master of Faster, even Signer. But Yusei's friend is also his chief rival. Full of pride, Jack won't rest until he defeats Yusei to regain the Turbo Dueling crown. His Dueling style is to crush his opponents with overwhelming force. His ace monster is the legendary Signer Dragon " Red Dragon Archfiend ".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Jack Atlas Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Mirror  x3 
 Claw Reacher  x3 
 Flame Manipulator  x3 
 Fireyarou  x3 
 Fire Eye  x3 
 Tyhone #2 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 King's Wing Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Vice Dragon  x3 
 Twin-Sword Marauder  x3 
 Wandering King Wildwind  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator  x3 
 Flare Resonator  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Chaos King Archfiend Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 Fiendish Chain  x3 
 Powerful Rebirth  x2 
 Roaming Duelist / Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 Level 30 
 
 The True King Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Piece Golem  x3 
 Lancer Archfiend  x3 
 Medium Piece Golem  x3 
 Small Piece Golem  x3 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Multiple Piece Golem  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Double Summon 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
 Powerful Rebirth 
 Level 40 
 
 The Fire Deep Down Below Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mad Archfiend  x3 
 Power Invader 
 Twin-Sword Marauder  x3 
 Wandering King Wildwind 
 Tuner monsters 
 Clock Resonator 
 Dark Resonator  x2 
 Flare Resonator  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Red Dragon Vase 
 Resonator Call  x2 
 Synchro Boost  x3 
 Traps 
 Powerful Rebirth  x2 
 Level 50 
 
 Burning Red Archfiend Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mad Archfiend  x3 
 Power Invader 
 Twin-Sword Marauder  x3 
 Wandering King Wildwind 
 Vice Dragon  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Clock Resonator 
 Dark Resonator  x2 
 Flare Resonator Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Red Dragon Vase 
 Resonator Call  x2 
 Synchro Boost  x2 
 Traps 
 Powerful Rebirth 
 Level 60 
 
 TBD Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Strong Wind Dragon 
 Twin-Sword Marauder  x3 
 Wandering King Wildwind  x2 
 Vice Dragon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Clock Resonator 
 Dark Resonator  x2 
 Red Resonator  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Red Dragon Vase 
 Resonator Call  x2 
 Traps 
 Fiendish Chain 
 Powerful Rebirth  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Witness Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 
 Archfiend Mirror  x3 
 Fire Eye  x3 
 Ogre of the Black Shadow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Flamvell Poun  x3 
 Dark Bug  x3 
 Extra Veiler  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flare Resonator Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Level 20 
 
 Why I Am Known As Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Flamvell Poun 
 Flamvell Dragnov  x3 
 Flame Ogre 
 Twin-Headed Wolf  x3 
 Vilepawn Archfiend  x3 
 Blast Asmodian  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flare Resonator  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Red Dragon Vase 
 Scarlet Security 
 Traps 
 Descending Lost Star  x2 
 Level 30 and Level 40 
 Same as Roaming Duelist Section.
 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
Skill: "Earth-Shattering Power" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" from outside of the Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 King's Wing Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Twin-Sword Marauder  x3 
 Wandering King Wildwind  x3 
 Vice Dragon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator  x3 
 Flare Resonator  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 Fiendish Chain  x3 
 Powerful Rebirth  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Jack Atlas reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Red Dragon Vase "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Jack Atlas)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Dark Tinker "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Jack Atlas)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Red Dragon Vase "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dark Tinker "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Heavy Starter ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Sinister Sprocket "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Red Dragon Vase "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Sinister Sprocket "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Beatdown! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Dark Tinker "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Sinister Sprocket "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Dark Resonator "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Jack Atlas)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Dark Bug "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Dark Resonator "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Dark Bug "
 
 
 36
 
 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Dark Resonator "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Dark Bug "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Jack Atlas, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " King's Consonance "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Strong Wind Dragon "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Multiple Piece Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Magical King Moonstar "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Big Piece Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Lancer Archfiend "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Flare Resonator "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Descending Lost Star "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Medium Piece Golem "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Flare Resonator "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mirror Resonator "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mad Archfiend "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Power Invader "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Scarlet Security "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Small Piece Golem "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Extra Veiler "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Tyhone #2 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Yamadron "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Wings
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Dark Resonator " to your Deck. Then, add 1 " Red Dragon Archfiend " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Demon's Resonance
 
 Can be used by revealing 1 "Resonator" monster in your hand. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend-Type monster to your hand from your Deck. You cannot activate the effect of the added card or cards with the same name during this turn. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 10 or more "Resonator" cards or Fiend-Type monsters and an Extra Deck that has only Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 King of the Archfiends
 
 Until the end of the turn, 1 " Archfiend " Synchro Monster on your side of the field will gain 100 ATK times its level. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Majestic Guardian
 
 Activates when you Synchro Summon " Majestic Star Dragon " or " Majestic Red Dragon ." The Summoned monster will not return to your Extra Deck by its effect until the beginning of your next turn.
 
 Event
 
 
 Majestic Light
 
 Can be used by returning 1 Tuner monster in your hand to your Deck. Play " Majestic Dragon " from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Mission
 
 
 Might of the King
 
 Can be used if you control a " Red Dragon Archfiend ". Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck; then, randomly add 1 " Scarlet Security ", " Red Dragon Vase ", or " Crimson Fire " to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monsters' Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Jack announces "Yusei! I'll put my very soul into this Duel!" followed by "So no one will pose a challenge! Not even you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jack says "Yusei! Only I rule the Duel! As the one true King!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jack says "So this is the bond you have with your monsters..." followed by "You've woken something new inside me, Yusei!" 
 Leo 
 When Jack loses a Duel against  Leo , he says "Argh... Leo! Don't you dare think you're better than me!" followed by "Not even for a moment! Got it?" 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Jack announces "You're... Kalin?" 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 When starting a Duel with  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Jack announces "Carly... Even if it costs me everything, I will save you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jack says "You have to remember, Carly!" followed by "This dark scourge isn't you!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jack says "No... This can't be... From the depths of my heart..." followed by "I'll find a way to save you yet..." 
 Kalin Kessler 
 When Jack wins a Duel against  Kalin Kessler , he says "You're just a mere speed bump on my way to my true opponent!" 
 Carly Carmine 
 When starting a Duel with  Carly Carmine , Jack announces "An exclusive Interview?" followed by "...Very Well. I'll grant you a moment of the King's time."
 When he wins the Duel, Jack says "Tell your editor to leave the front page open!" followed by "For a full-page spread on the Master of Faster, Jack Atlas!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jack says "You say that as the King, I must now treat you as my Queen?" followed by "... No, I can't do that! Stop trying to trick me!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Jack Summons " Red Dragon Archfiend ", he chants  "Witness why I am known as the true King!!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "My soul, Red Dragon Archfiend!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Red Dragon Archfiend" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Red Dragon Archfiend" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Red Dragon Archfiend!" followed by "Absolute Power Force!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Dragon Archfiend's effect!" followed by "Fiend Meteor!" 
 When Jack Summons " Dark Highlander ", he chants “ The star of doom comes to judge all living things! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "Descend, Dark Highlander!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Highlander, unleash your judgement!" followed by "Polar Slash!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Highlander's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend ", he chants “ Scorch the earth and stand at the apex of existence! ” followed by ” Rule over all of creation! Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Hot Red Dragon Archfiend!" followed by "Absolute Dogma!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend's effect activates!" followed by "Crimson Burn!" 
 When Jack Summons " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane ", he chants " Mountains will crumble as the land is engulfed in flames! " followed by " Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane!" followed by "Great Summit Breaker!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Majestic Red Dragon ", he chants  "This light shines upon the land as it’s true conqueror!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "I give you Majestic Red Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Majestic Red Dragon attacks!" followed by "Ultimate Power Force!" 
 When Jack activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Majestic Red Dragon's effect absorbs your monster's ATK!" followed by "Power Gain!" 
 When Jack activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Majestic Red Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Nova Dragon ", he chants “ Behold as the stars high above in the sky... " followed by " And the fire deep down below in the earth... " followed by " Collide in a cosmic explosion to Synchro Summon!! ” Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack briefly appears, and he announces "Rise, Red Nova Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Nova attacks!" followed by ''Blazing Soul Strike!'' 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Nova's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius ", he chants  "The lone wolf with blue eyes incinerates the heavens!"  followed by  "Show these lapdogs who bears the fangs! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius attacks!" followed by "Wolf's Fang!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Celestial Wolf Lord, Blue Sirius's effect!" followed by "Blue Sublimation!" 
 When Jack Summons " Chaos King Archfiend ", he chants  "The new sovereign emerges from the chaos!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "Chaos King Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack! Chaos King Archfiend!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos King Archfiend's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Exploder Dragonwing ", he chants  "As the king roars, feel the crushing blow of victory!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "Spread your wings, Exploder Dragonwing!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Exploder Dragonwing, attack!" followed by "King Storm!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Exploder Dragonwing's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Majestic Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "The Tuner Monster arrives, Majestic Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Majestic Dragon attacks!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode ", a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "The conqueror emerges, clad in scorching armor!" followed by "Appear before me, Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode!" followed by "Extreme Crimson Force!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode's effect activates!" followed by "Crimson End!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode, resurrect my monster" 
 When Jack Summons " Stardust Dragon ", he chants " With the wings of wind, I Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Jack's face briefly appears, and he announces "Roar, Stardust Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stardust Dragon! I command you to attack!" 
 When Jack activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Witness Stardust Dragon's effect!" 
 When Jack activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Dragon's effect activates! Resurrect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Big Piece Golem ", he announces "Come out! Big Piece Golem!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Big Piece Golem attacks!" followed by "Power Pressure!" 
 When Jack Summons " Clock Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Clock Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Clock Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack Summons " Creation Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Creation Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Creation Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack Summons " Chain Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Chain Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Chain Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chain Resonator activates it's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Dark Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Dark Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Dark Resonator!" 
 When Jack Summons " Double Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Double Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Double Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Double Resonator's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Flare Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Flare Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flare Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack Summons " Force Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Force Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Force Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Force Resonator's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Gash the Dust Lord ", he announces "Come forth, Gash the Dust Lord!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gash the Dust Lord attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gash the Dust Lord's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Magical King Moonstar ", he announces "Come, Magical King Moonstar!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Magical King Moonstar attacks!" followed by "Star Flash!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Magical King Moonstar's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Mirror Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Mirror Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mirror Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Mirror Resonator's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Medium Piece Golem ", he announces "Come, Medium Piece Golem!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Medium Piece Golem!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Medium Piece Golem Special Summons a monster from my deck!" 
 When Jack Summons " Multiple Piece Golem ", he announces "Combine and form Multiple Piece Golem!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Multiple Piece Golem, destroy!!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Multiple Piece Golem's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Phantom King Hydride ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Phantom King Hydride!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Phantom King Hydride!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Gardna ", he announces "Here comes Red Gardna!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Gardna attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I send Red Gardna from my hand to the Graveyard, now your effects can't destroy my monsters this turn!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Mirror ", he announces "Come out, Red Mirror!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Mirror attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Mirror's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Nova ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Red Nova!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Nova attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Nova's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Red Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Resonator's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Rising Dragon ", he chants  "My crimson dragon shines upon the infernal path!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Then he announces "Fly, Red Rising Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Rising Dragon attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Rising Dragon! Activate your effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Sprinter ", he announces "Here's Red Sprinter!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Sprinter attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Sprinter's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 3 or lower Fiend-Type Tuner!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Warg ", he announces "Come out, Red Warg!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Red Warg!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Warg's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon it from my hand!" 
 When Jack Summons " Sinister Sprocket ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Sinister Sprocket!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Sinister Sprocket!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sinister Sprocket's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Small Piece Golem ", he announces "Come, Small Piece Golem!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Small Piece Golem attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Small Piece Golem's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Synkron Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Synkron Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Synkron Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Synkron Resonator's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Vice Dragon ", he announces "Soar, Vice Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Turn 'em to ash, Vice Dragon!" 
 When Jack Summons " Wandering King Wildwind ", he announces "Come! Wandering King Wildwind!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wandering King Wildwind attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wandering King Wildwind's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Jack activates " Assault Counter ", he announces "My Counter Trap activates! Assault Counter!" 
 When Jack activates " Assault Mode Activate ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Assault Mode Activate!" 
 When Jack activates " Assault Revival ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Assault Revival!" 
 When Jack activates " Assault Slash ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Assault Slash!" 
 When Jack activates " Assault Spirits ", he announces "The Trap Card! Assault Spirits!" 
 When Jack activates " Assault Teleport ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Assault Teleport!" 
 When Jack activates " Changing Destiny ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Changing Destiny!" 
 When Jack activates " Crimson Fire ", he announces "My Counter Trap! Crimson Fire!" 
 When Jack activates " Descending Lost Star ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Descending Lost Star!" 
 When Jack activates " Fiendish Chain ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Fiendish Chain!" 
 When Jack activates " King's Consonance ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! King's Consonance!" 
 When Jack activates " King Scarlet ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! King Scarlet!" 
 When Jack activates " King's Synchro ", he announces "My Trap activates! King's Synchro!" 
 When Jack activates " Lineage of Destruction ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Lineage of Destruction!" 
 When Jack activates " Mind Trust ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Mind Trust!" 
 When Jack activates " Polymerization ", he announces "Here's my Spell Card! Polymerization!" 
 When Jack activates " Prideful Roar ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Prideful Roar!" 
 When Jack activates " Powerful Rebirth ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Powerful Rebirth!" 
 When Jack activates " Red Carpet ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Red Carpet!" 
 When Jack activates " Red Cocoon ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Red Cocoon!" 
 When Jack activates " Red Dragon Vase ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Red Dragon Vase!" 
 When Jack activates " Red Supremacy ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Red Supremacy!" 
 When Jack activates " Reject Reborn ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Reject Reborn!" 
 When Jack activates " Resonant Destruction ", he announces "My Continuous Spell, Resonant Destruction!" 
 When Jack activates " Resonator Call ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Resonator Call!" 
 When Jack activates " Resonator Engine ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Resonator Engine!" 
 When Jack activates " Revival Gift ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Revival Gift!" 
 When Jack activates " Scarlet Security ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Scarlet Security!" 
 When Jack activates " Shadow Spell ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Shadow Spell!" 
 When Jack activates " Space Gate ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Space Gate!" 
 When Jack activates " Synchro Call ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Synchro Call!" 
 When Jack activates " Synchro Deflector ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Synchro Deflector!" 
 When Jack activates " Tuner Capture ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Tuner Capture!" 
 When Jack activates " Tuner's High ", he announces "My Spell Card! Tuner's High!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Jack Summons " Absolute King Back Jack ", he announces "Here comes Absolute King Back Jack!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Absolute King Back Jack attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Absolute King Back Jack's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Barrier Resonator ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Barrier Resonator!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Barrier Resonator attacks!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Barrier Resonator's effect from my hand!" 
 When Jack Summons " Battle Fader ", he announces "Join me, Battle Fader!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Battle Fader, attack!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Battle Fader's effect!" 
 When Jack Summons " Crimson Blader ", he chants “ This red blade announces the king’s verdict! ” followed by ” Surge with the flames as I Synchro Summon!”  Afterwards, he announces "The fire deity, Crimson Blader!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crimson Blader attacks!" followed by "Red Slayer!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Crimson Blader's effect activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss ", he chants “ The king of the dark abyss unleashes it’s rage! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss!" followed by "Abyss Rage Buster!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss activates!" 
 When Jack Summons " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity ", he chants “ I Double Tune! The ultimate destroyer arrives to bring your demise! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity, break their spirit!" followed by "Crimson Absolute Breaker!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity's effect activates!" followed by "Calamity Meteor!" 
 When Jack Summons " Red Wyvern ", he chants “ Quake before the king! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, he announces "Rise, Red Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Wyvern, go!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Wyvern destroys the monster with the most ATK!" 
 When Jack Summons " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", he chants “ From the ancient chasms of a lost world, I awaken a great and terrible power! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ” Afterwards, he announces "Rise, my Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!" followed by "Molten Crimson Flame!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's effect activates!" followed by "Absolute Power Flame!" 
 When Jack Summons " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ", he chants “ I Double Tune! I call forth an absolute power destined to rule this duel! ” followed by ” Synchro Summon! ”  Afterwards, he announces "Bow down in terror before Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Jack declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend attacks!" followed by "Molten Crimson Fire!" 
 When Jack activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend's effect activates!" followed by "Absolute Power Inferno!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 
 When Jack activates " Assault Overload ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell! Assault Overload!" 
 When Jack activates " Half or Nothing ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Half or Nothing!" 
 When Jack activates " Nightmare Archfiends ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Nightmare Archfiends!" 
 When Jack activates " Red Screen ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Red Screen!" 
 Trivia 
 During his unlock event, using  Blue-Eyes Mountain  as a collection item is a reference to his many trips to  Cafe La Geen  throughout the anime series.
 When selecting  Crow Hogan  to duel against Jack for the first time during the event, their pre-Duel conversation involves Crow asking if Jack forced the player to gather Blue-Eyes Mountain because the latter wanted a drink, which then becomes an argument about Jack spending his money irresponsibly on the beverage without having a job. This is a reference to  episode 69  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  series. 
 The inclusion of " Absolute King Back Jack ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity " as card-specific dialogue comes from Jack's usage of those cards  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 Jack has the same dialogue when he Duels against Crow Hogan,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo , and  Luna .
 Starting the Duel: "We've achieved all we can as team." followed by "So I'll tackle new challenges solo from now on!" 
 Winning: "I want to test my skills on the world stage!" followed by "And I'll defeat anyone who stands in my way! Even Team 5D's!" 
 Jack has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler  and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: "The Mark of the Dragon yearns to Duel a Dark Signer." followed by "And I shall grant its wish!" 
 Winning: "Earthbound Immortals are nothing against the true King!" 
 Losing: "This won’t go unforgiven, Dark Signer!" 
 When Jack loses a Duel against Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, or Luna, he says "Seems you've given me a reason to come back here." followed by "I'll win next time! Humph!" 
 Yuma and Astral ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo , Crow Hogan, Jack Atlas,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan , Leo,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) , Akiza Izinski, and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and  Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Jack Atlas  pages Anime, manga, books 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/JackAtlas-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/330?cb=20181128053529', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Profile-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925150453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/Icon-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest?cb=20181127025008', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Icon-DULI-JackAtlas2.png/revision/latest?cb=20181127025046', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Chibi-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231164824', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/CutIn-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925171949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Summoning-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925174024', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/Defeat-DULI-JackAtlas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925165820', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Jack Atlas pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters