Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_205


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 205 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 青い瞳のキサラ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Aoi Hitomi no Kisara 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Blue-Eyed Kisara 
 
 
 English 
 Birth Of The Blue-Eyes 
 
 
 Number 
 205 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 19, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 26, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Makings of a Magician " 
 " Village of Lost Souls " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Priest Seto's Plan 
 1.2   Enter Yugi Mutou & Co. 
 1.3   The Girl With The White Hair 
 1.4   Confrontation With Aknadin 
 1.5   Blast From The Past 
 
 
 2   Trivia 
 3   Featured monsters 
 
 
 Summary 
 Mana  is distraught at the loss of her master.  Isis  explains that he has become the " Dark Magician " and will eventually  return  with greater powers then ever before.  Seto  and  Shada  head out into the city to search for people with strong  Demoniac Beasts . 
 Seto meets a girl named  Kisara  who is shunned by the citizens because of her strange white skin and blue eyes. Meanwhile,  Yugi  and the others find the doorway into the Memory World and begin searching for the  Pharaoh . 
 
 Priest Seto's Plan 
 Isis  explains to the  Pharaoh ,  Mana  and the others that  Mahad  has transferred his  Ba  (soul) into " Illusion Magician ". As  " Dark Magician " , his soul is very much alive and even more powerful than before. 
 Meanwhile,  Yugi  and his friends have finally found the entrance to the Pharaoh's world (they are atop the inverted Pyramid ―i.e.  Millennium Puzzle ― that the  Pharaoh  saw in the sky from his balcony in  Episode 203 ). 
 Without thinking about it too much (and despite the 10,000 foot drop), they all jump down. Yugi himself takes the first leap (and seems pretty happy about it actually) while the others are terrified, but follow him anyway. It turns out they all harmlessly glide to the ground. 
 Back at the  Royal Palace , the  6 priests  are discussing the recent events. Despite seemingly having been buried in the collapse of the  Magicians' Training Grounds , there is no certainty on  Thief King Bakura 's fate since it'll take time to excavate the area, according to  Karim . The vision of  Isis 's  Millennium Necklace  is still clouded however. 
 Priest Seto  suggests measures to be taken for him to lead the hunt for Bakura, seeing he already has a plan in place: deploy the army into the city and patrol.  Priest Aknadin  gasps, remembering the previous night's conversation. 
 Enter Yugi Mutou & Co. 
 Meanwhile,  Yugi ,  Joey Wheeler ,  Tristan Taylor  and  Téa Gardner  have "landed" on the ground without any  damage . However despite being dressed in present-day clothing, no one seems to notice them. Then, a girl walks right through Joey as if he were immaterial. 
 Yugi realizes 2 things: Firstly his  Millennium Puzzle  is no longer around his neck. Secondly, if they are really visiting the  World of Memory  of the  Pharaoh 's past, it is normal that they cannot be seen by others: They did not exist for the people of that age. 
 At the same time,  Priest Seto  and  Shada  are discussing their immediate plans. Seto believes Bakura is still alive, so he intends to build to have a failsafe in the form of  KA  drawn from the souls of the Egyptian people.  Shada  is shocked! He mentions that using his  Millennium Key  to look into the hearts of anyone without a specific reasons is considered a crime even for a Priest. 
 Seto believes it is for the greater good of Egypt, the Pharaoh and the citizens of Egypt. He knows that they cannot count on one of the Gods to save the Pharaoh again if his life is in danger. He orders his guards to find and bring anyone suspicious given several search parameters before him. 
 Meanwhile, a scene of  Thief King Bakura  emerging from river rapids is shown to the viewers: He is still alive! He even admits that it had been too long since he'd been  this  afraid! 
 Before long, the first "suspects" are brought in. One inquires what crimes they are being charged of.  Priest Seto  replies that although that they haven't committed a crime, since the possibility cannot be ignored, they will check it. They commence a " Millennium Trial " with them. 
 Shada   activates  his  Millennium Key  to look into the soul of the first suspected criminal, an exiled who was found in an inn. An image of " Saggi the Dark Clown " can be seen lurking inside. 
 Shada says that this KA is giving birth to new evil thoughts. For the time being, it is not dangerous, but if they leave it unchecked, it could increase its evil.  Priest Seto  orders the man to be imprisoned and claims that even if the chances are 1 in 10,000, he will not give up so easily. 
 The man argues that they didn't give him the chance to become an honest person after returning from living in the desert.  Priest Seto  merely replies that since he already harbors a KA, it's qualified as a 'sin'. The man claims that they will be cursed! He saw it inside of the desert: the incarnation of a God which allowed him to return alive into the civilization! The  White Dragon   will appear! The exile goes on saying that it's within this concrete city, even. Seto departs and the man cries something about a divine punishment. 
 Bakura takes his " Diabound " for a test drive and annihilates a whole patch of the desert with its new power. 
 The Girl With The White Hair 
 Back to  Yugi  and his friends' predicament: They must find a way to go and meet the  Pharaoh  and communicate with him. 
 Joey  however complains of hunger, soon followed by  Tristan . They stumble across a large man dressed in red clothes eating himself full of apples in the market, yet no one seems to be noticing him!! However,  he  can see  them ! 
 They start chasing the man around, but eventually he disappears and they stumble across a  white-haired girl  (revealed a few episodes later to be  Kisara ) being stoned by an angry mob. They believe she is a witch. Joey and Tristan try to come to her aid, but they cannot as they are immaterial! 
 Then, attracted by all the confusion,  Priest Seto  and  Shada  arrive. Shada's  Millennium Key  immediately sense there is a gigantic power inside of this girl: He sees the  White Dragon ! 
 Seto  orders his guards to take the girl back to the  Palace  and be given plenty of food and water. He also orders for more criminals to be caught, making the crowd flee, fearing retaliation. Yugi and his friends follow behind, but they are stopped by the Palace doors! For some inexplicable reason, these are doors which they cannot go through! 
 They are then greeted by the large man in red clothes they met before at the market: His name is  Bobasa  and he is a spirit like them. For some reason however, he is capable of touching objects and he gives Joey and Tristan a big load of fruits to eat. Anzu begins to asks questions, but he's unable to answer any of them and only grabs fruits from the pile he gave the other two. They eventually rally to Anzu to stop asking things or he'll eat all of the food. 
 Confrontation With Aknadin 
 Meanwhile, in another part of the  palace ,  Thief King Bakura  uses the power of his newly acquired  Millennium Ring  to become invisible and enter the palace undetected. " Diabound " acquired the new  Special Ability  of concealing Bakura from others. 
 At the same time,  Priest Seto  announces to  Aknadin  that their search for KA in the city was better than expected. Aknadin gaps upon realizing that Seto has imprisoned them. Seto asks why shouldn't they? Aknadin begs of him to release those people. He adds that Seto's actions are terrorizing the citizens of Egypt and thus feeding even more power to Bakura. 
 Seto merely brings up the clausule that they are under a great menace and it's obvious that the persons out there are already afraid. He's doing everything for both the sake of the Pharaoh and the land of Egypt. He pleads of his superior not to mistake his intentions. He then excuses himself and departs. 
 Aknadin then mutters alone that Seto is repeating the same mistakes he committed in his moment. 
 Aknadin  is then confronted by...  Thief King Bakura !! 
 Blast From The Past 
 Priest Seto  visits an unconscious  Kisara . Touching her face, he feels his heart begin to beat faster! Has he met the girl somewhere before? 
 In a flashback, it is revealed that she is the same girl Seto once saved from the clutches of slave traders. As a result, his village is raided by the same criminals and he is forced to watch as his home is burnt to the ground. 
 A  White Dragon  (which appears identical to the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ") then appears and destroys the criminals . 
 Back inside the Wedge Temple,  Bakura  has overpowered  Aknadin  and his " Diabound " has become even more powerful than before. 
 Bakura reveals that him and  Aknadin  still have a score to settle: He mentions the village of  Kul Elna  again: "You know about the great me, don't ya? What did ye do to the village of  Kul Elna ? And the son you abandoned for that sake... That's  Seto , ain't he!" 
 Trivia 
 This episode providing the origin (of sorts) for Blue-Eyes White Dragon mirrors the previous episode doing the same for Dark Magician. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Thief King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 
 Mahad Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 Suspected Criminal Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 
 Tablet Shrine Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Yugioh205.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071017220321']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes