Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:ChazzWorldChampionship2008.png

For other versions of this character, see  Chazz Princeton (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 
 
 
 
 Chazz in his "Black Thunder" outfit with the " Ojamas ". 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Chazz Princeton 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Jun Manjome 
 
 
 Other   
 Manjyome [1] [2] 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Manjome Thunder/The Chazz Manjome White Thunder Manjome Black Thunder [3] Detective Manjome Thunder [4] [5] Aniki/Boss King (of  the North school ) [6] Oja Manjome [7] [8] Chazzy (dub only; by  Atticus ) Chazzaroo (dub only; by  Jaden ) [9] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 万丈目   準 万丈目 準 まんじょうめ じゅん Rōmaji: ( Manjōme Jun ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 만죠메 
 
 
 Arabic   
 تشاز برنستون 
 
 
 Filipino   
 Shawn Banzaime 
 
 
 French   
 Chazz Princeton 
 
 
 Spanish   
 Chazz Princeton (pronounced /Chas Prinston/) 
 
 
 Thai   
 มันโจเมะ จุน 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 15 (Season 1) [10] 16 (Season 2) 17 (Seasons 3-4) 
 
 
 Height 
 167.6 cm [11] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Fried shrimp 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Carrot [5] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Jagger Princeton  (older brother) Slade Princeton  (older brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Duelist [8] 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Princeton Group Society of Light 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy North Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue Slifer Red 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Winner     
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Dragon 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Chthonian Armed Dragon  Deck (アームドドラゴンデッキ  Āmudodoragondekki ) [12] Ojama  Deck (おジャマデッキ  Ojamadekki ) [12] Union White Knight 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2007 
 Armed Dragon Howl Loser of Losers 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 Deep Down Grit Black Artifice 
 
 
 Tag Force 
 Quintuple Combine VWXYZ The Weak and Strong Resurrected Dragon Ending Interference Persistent Pester Awakening of the Beasts 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Go, VWXYZ! Go, Ojama! Chazz it Up! Romantic Chazz White Chazz White Chazz Rev Love Chazz Angry Chazz Dreamy Chazz Bad Chazz 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Underworld Corpse XYZ Formation Rough Armed Dragon Armed Dragon Howl Loser of Losers Furious Armed Dragon Black Flame Dragon 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 1: " The Next King of Games " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 Other  
 Duel Terminal 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Tony Salerno  (1 -89) Marc Thompson  (90 -155) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Taiki Matsuno   [13] 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Abdo Hakim 
 
 
 Italian  
 Alessandro Rigotti 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Marcio Marconato  (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Sergio García Marín 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Jefferson Utanes 
 
 
 
 
 Chazz It Up!
 — Chazz's English Dub catchphrase 
 
 1,10,100,1000...MANJOUME SANDA!
 — Chazz's catchphrase 
 
 Chazz Princeton , known as  Jun Manjome  ( 万丈目   準 ,  Manjōme Jun ) in the Japanese version, is an arrogant Duelist who serves as one of  Jaden Yuki 's rivals throughout the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  series. Chazz is considered Jaden's primary rival in the same effect that  Seto Kaiba  is the primary rival of  Yugi Muto . The two have Dueled one another a total of seven times throughout the seasons of the anime. Through his evolution, he goes from being a Duelist who only respected powerful cards to a Duelist who believes that there can be effectiveness in any card, specifically shown in his use of Ojama cards.
 He becomes a marked threat after becoming the  North Academy  representative but after that becomes more and more a comic relief character.
 In the second season he joins the  Society of Light  making him a threat once more though he returns to being comic relief after breaking free from the hypnosis  Sartorius  gave him.
 In the  manga , Chazz serves much the same purpose as in the anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Voice/mannerisms 
 
 2.1   Japanese 
 2.2   English 
 2.3   Castillian Spanish 
 
 
 3   Personality 
 4   Biography 
 
 4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 4.1.1   Seven Stars 
 4.1.2   Society of Light 
 4.1.3   Dimension World 
 4.1.4   Darkness 
 
 
 4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 5   Relationships 
 
 5.1   Jaden Yuki 
 5.2   Alexis Rhodes 
 5.3   Bastion Misawa 
 5.4   Atticus Rhodes 
 
 
 6   Other appearances 
 7   Deck 
 8   Duels 
 9   Trivia 
 10   References 
 
 
 Design 
         Chazz's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in both his personal outfit and full Obelisk Blue regalia from the front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Chazz's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of a slightly tattered black jacket with grey trimmings and sharp edges over a purple shirt, dark blue pants and brown shoes; this was the uniform he got from his brief time at  North Academy , though he continues to wear it at  Duel Academy  after his return. Though he has also worn the standard Obelisk Blue uniform, flowing out the costume's lower back. His black hair is sectioned in two layers, his black eyes positioned directly beneath the bangs of the layer closest to his face. He carries an  Academy-issued Duel Disk  on his left hand.
 
 Voice/mannerisms 
 Japanese 
 When he becomes the top of the North Academy, he gains the catchphrase "Chazz it up," while in 
the original version of the series it is "ichi, jū, hyaku, sen, Manjōme-sandā" (一、十、百、千、万丈目サンダー meaning one, ten, hundred, thousand, Manjome Thunder), which serves as a pun given that the "Man" portion of his surname is the symbol for the number ten-thousand, and is preceded by the numbers one (ichi), ten (jū), hundred (hyaku), and thousand (sen). In the latter case, he also acquires the moniker "Manjome Thunder" (万丈目サンダー;  Manjōme Sandā ). Due to his insistence that he be addressed respectfully, he often finds himself correcting others who merely call him "Manjome" by saying "Manjōme-san da!" ("It's Manjome-san!"; "-san" being a Japanese honorific). The students of  North School , however, mistook the title as "Manjome Thunder" ("sandā" being a Japanese pronunciation of the word "thunder"), and the name stuck upon his return to Duel Academia.
 
 English 
 In the English version, he often refers to himself in the third person as "The Chazz", and at times uses the phrases "It's go time" and "You go bye bye". While in the  Society of Light , he occasionally uses the taunt "Bada-bing!", a reference to the same phrase being used by  Lorenzo , with whom he shares  a voice actor . In the dub, he refers to people he doesn't like as slackers. 
 
 Castillian Spanish 
 In the Spanish version he (voiced by Sergio García Marín) talks in chunks emphasizing every single word he says (probably done because it was impossible to translate the 1, 10, 100, 1000 pun). Some of his catchphrases in the Spanish dub are referring to Jaden as "osiris inútil" ("useless osiris") or "basura Osiris" (literally: "Osiris garbage/trash" but "garbage/trash" used as a synonym of useless, is what in English is "Slifer Slacker", in fact sometimes uses "osiris inútil", which would be, "Useless Osiris/Slifer") also He sometimes to says "adiós muy buenas" when he wins a duel, or he thinks he has won (it would be the equivalent to "you go bye bye" in English and, roughly translated it would mean the same as saying in US "have a nice life" in an ironic tone or to the UK expression: "good riddance to bad rubbish").
 
 Personality 
 Chazz can be seen as the Seto Kaiba to Jaden. He is characterized as incredibly arrogant, self-conceited and often petty, sometimes to the point of comedic relief. He is shown to be very antagonistic towards Jaden and other Slifers, although he comes to undergo somewhat of a change for the better later in the series. He hated Jaden so much that during Jaden's tag-team Duel against the  Paradox Brothers  to determine whether or not they are expelled, he watched with a malicious smile on his face, waiting for Jaden to lose and be expelled. After losing his Duel to Jaden and then to Bastion, he left Duel Academy and ended up in North Academy, whose entrance exam required the Duelist to find 40 cards to make a makeshift Deck. From this experience, he learned to appreciate any and all cards, weak or powerful, which have the potential to be useful. After losing to Jaden yet again, he returns to Duel Academy but has to be a Slifer Red. After Duel Academy's "takeover", Chazz had to again make a makeshift Deck of useless cards and still won. From then on, his Deck had a mixture of powerful and weak cards, even though his Deck mostly revolves around weaker cards, namely the Ojama Brothers,  Ojama Yellow ,  Ojama Black  and  Ojama Green . Despite his begrudging use of the cards and his constant annoyance of their presence, Chazz and the Ojamas have developed something of a close companionship, with the latter being incredibly loyal to him. His personality evolved through the series becoming more an eccentric and a comic relief.
 After losing to Sartorius and being brainwashed by him, Chazz becomes ruder and arrogant than before. He becomes obsessed with Sartorius to the point of worshiping his very name causing Jaden's group to find him odd. He even made fun of Zane losing to Aster just to spite Syrus and was responsible for most of  Obelisk Blue  joining the  Society of Light . He also did not care about his Ojama cards at all and threw them away after beating Bastion due to thinking they were too weak. But due to the help from Jaden and Chazz's Ojama cards in their duel, He returned back into his old self again. After getting free from the  Light of Destruction , Chazz does not remember that he defeated Alexis and brainwashed her into the Society of Light. After finding out he did before Jaden's duel with her, he feels extreme remorse and gives his rival  Ojama Black  in order to get her to remember him. 
 He is also madly in love with Alexis who does not feel the same about him. Even with her brother Atticus's help, he was rejected numerous times. His love for her can cause him to act impulsively such as when he used the sprit keys to get her to date him and allowed  Kagemaru  to awake.
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Seven Stars 
 In the beginning of the anime, Chazz is a selfish Duelist who believed himself to be the most elite Duelist in the school. He is the youngest of three brothers, with his siblings  Slade  and  Jagger , heads of the political and financial worlds, respectively. Due to this fact, Chazz is pressured into becoming the head of the Dueling world to ensure the superiority of the Princeton family name ("Manjome Group" in the Japanese version) worldwide.
 He is first shown watching the  Duel Academy  exams noting that Duels here are set at a low level and that coming here was a waste of time. After all, Duel Academy needs only one king, not two (in the dub, he believes that they'll be better to him since they've been in "Duel prep school" for the past three years). After Jaden beats  Vellian Crowler  he gets shocked at how a "punk like him" could pass so easily.
 He first meets Jaden when he and his friends  Taiyou Torimaki  and  Raizou Mototani  confront him on being the future  King of Games . To prove him wrong, Chazz and Jaden Duel later that night at the  Obelisk Blue Duel Arena  although the match doesn't end due to the Guards coming.
 Despite having access to  rare cards  provided by Crowler, Chazz is defeated by  Jaden Yuki  early on in the first year. He later asks Crowler if he can duel Jaden and Syrus as punishment for them trespassing into the  Abandoned Dorm  which the later does not allow. He watches Jaden and Syrus duel the  Paradox Brothers  wanting them to be expelled which doesn't happen. He is then overwhelmed by  Bastion Misawa , and eventually became so dispirited and confused from his losses that he left Duel Academy to enter  North Academy . There, he lost his first Deck, and was forced to build another Deck. At the North Academy he defeated the top Duelists including  Czar  and became the "king" of the school by  Chancellor Foster .
 
         Chazz in his original  Obelisk Blue  outfit.     
 Acting as North Academy's representative Duelist during the annual school Duel, he was defeated again by Jaden, but realized the errors of his ways and was finally able to take charge of his own life (during the Duel, Chazz tried to win on his own by using the Deck given to him from North Academy for the Duel as opposed to the Deck that his brothers wanted him to use). He was welcomed back to  Duel Academy , but forced to restart his studies out of the  Slifer Red  dorm. From the ordeal, Chazz obtains a spirit partner in the form of " Ojama Yellow ", who Chazz finds annoying.
 Due to his Dueling skills, Chazz is chosen as one of the seven keykeepers charged with keeping the  Shadow Riders  from reviving the  Sacred Beast  cards. He Bastion and Zane rush to Jaden after he beats  Nightshroud  and later learn that he was really Atticus Rhodes. When  Camula  attacks he and Bastion argue over who will duel her but later find out she wants to duel  Zane Truesdale . During the duel, Chazz shows a moment of kindness by trying to save Syrus from Camula though she still takes him anyway. After Zane loses to her, Chazz and the others get concerned over what she might do next. The next night he volunteers to face her, only for Jaden to take his place due to Atticus giving him a  shadow charm , which allows Jaden to win. After Jaden's victory, Crowler gets out of Chazz's pocket and argues with him. Later on he faces Slade in a Duel to determine ownership of Duel Academy and eventually beats his big brother. In the chain of events leading up to the Duel, Chazz finds " Ojama Black " and " Ojama Green ", both of which join "Ojama Yellow" as his spirit partners. He also duels  Don Zaloog  and beats the Shadow Rider before he could steal the keys. Later in class he, Jaden and Sryus learn about  Abidos the Third  and later get held hostage on his ship. Once Jaden beats the Shadow Rider he sets them free.  During duel monsters sprit day, he and Syrus provide commentary for  Dark Magician Girl  and Jaden's duel which Jaden wins in the end. Along with Alexis, Chazz loses his Duel against the final Shadow Rider,  Amnael . As a consequence, he is sent to an alternate dimension along with the others who lost where she remains unconscious. Jaden manages to free them by finally defeating Amnael, returning them to Earth.  After he Alexis and  Atticus Rhodes  get free from Amneal. his feelings for  Alexis Rhodes  also become common knowledge; he constantly chases after her, love-struck, despite her protests. 
 He asked Atticus for help regarding his love towards Alexis, and the two form a plan to take the Seven Spirit Keys and force Alexis to Duel Chazz, with the Keys on the line. If Chazz wins, Alexis must date Chazz, though Alexis won. Due to stealing the keys they awaken  Kagemaru  the leader of the Shadow Riders. Jaden beats him and life returns to normal. He watches  Chumley Huffington  duel Crowler and admits he was not half bad. Before the graduation duel starts he gets jealous over the fact that he can not duel Zane. He is present when Jaden duels Zane with the Duel ending in a tie.
 
 Society of Light 
 In the beginning of the second year, he joins Alexis and Syrus to watch him duel  Aster Phoenix  with Jaden emerging the winner. Sometime later, Crowler arranges for Chazz to duel  Reginald Van Howell  with the condition that should he win, he would be able to return to Obelisk Blue. Throughout the duel, Reggie insulted Chazz and his Ojama monsters, but despite this, he proved his strength and won, giving a speech on how no matter what his dorm, he would always be better than Reggie. Because of this, all the Slifer students, convinced he did like the Slifers, began rooting their appreciation despite his protests: in turn, Crowler announces Chazz had chosen to stay in Slifer, much to Chazz's distain. As a result of this, Chazz began renovating the dorm's interior to build a luxurious room just for him: this caused him to room with Jaden and Syrus until  Tyranno Hassleberry  moved in. When his room was completed, he moved in along with Alexis who took up residence in the dorm, much to his delight. Before Syrus dueled  Missy  he gives his " Power Bond " card to Chazz to pass to Jaden before the start of the Duel. When Jaden finds out Chazz has Power Bond, he accuses Chazz of stealing it only to tell Jaden that Syrus gave it to him. He and Atticus also wanted Alexis to be a pop star because Chazz thought she would look cute in a dress. After Alexis beats her brother, she doesn't become a pop star.
 While looking for Jaden who just disappeared after losing to Aster, Chazz meets and Duels  Sartorius  for the opportunity to rise to the Pro-Leagues, but loses due to Sartorius playing mind games with him. As a result, he joins the  Society of Light , acting as Sartorius' means of converting the top students of Obelisk Blue and Ra Yellow. In the Japanese version, his nickname becomes  White Thunder  (ホワイトサンダー;  Howaito Sandā ). However, his love for Alexis Rhodes still continues, much to his embarrassment. He, whenever possible, humorously tries to convince Syrus,  Bastion ,  Hassleberry, and  Alexis  to join the Society of Light, eventually defeating Alexis thus forcing her to join. He later beats  Ishiki Erishi ,  America Uchimura  a  Ra Yellow  student and Bastion to get them into the Society. After beating Bastion, Chazz discards his Ojama cards, considering them to be too weak.
 
         Chazz alongside " Armed Dragon LV10 " while in the  Society of Light     
 After seeing Chazz's ruthlessness when he defeats Pro League Duelist  Gelgo  during the  Genex Tournament  with the new  White Knight  (白騎士団,  Shirokishi-dan ) Deck given to him by Sartorius, Jaden Duels him with the cards that he himself once used:  The Ojama Trio . During the match, Jaden shows Chazz his old black uniform, and Chazz eventually regains his senses, tearing off his white coat (after recovering from the shock of its inability to conceal food stains) to don his signature black one once more. Chazz, back to his old self, retrieves the Ojama Trio to destroy " White Knight Lord ", the card representing Sartorius' evil, but in doing so, willingly loses the Duel to an effect of "White Knight Lord". Again in the Japanese version, following the battle, he dons his former outfit, revived as  Black Thunder  (ブラックサンダー;  Burakku Sandā ), though others continue calling him by his first nickname in the series. After his defeat in the English version he realizes that while he was in the society he defeated Alexis and vows to rescue her from the Society of Light.
 After Chazz realizes he was blinded by Sartorius' powers he had no memory of the earlier parts of the Duel, in fact when Chazz saw " Ojama Yellow " on Jaden's side of the field because of the fact he couldn't remember the time he spent in the Society of Light he thought Jaden stole his Deck. Also it's revealed that as a  Slifer Red  Chazz acts more like a slob because when he was still his old self he used his old black jacket to wipe up food from the cafeteria. It's also revealed that unlike he is made to believe Chazz harbors a great deal of dislike for the color white. Sometime later he learns that  Lucien Grimley  was a North Academy student when Jaden duels him during the tournament. When Alexis duels Jaden for the Key, Chazz gives Jaden  Ojama Black  and tells her a made up poem to help her break free. She finds it annoying and eventually breaks free once Jaden wins much to the relief of Chazz.
 Chazz, with the assistance of the remaining Obelisk Blue students, takes on the Society of Light's members to make amends, winning their  Genex Medallions  in the process. They successfully return most of them to their former selves, releasing Duel Academy from the Society's grip, but before Chazz is declared champion of the Genex Tournament he is challenged by  Blair Flannigan , who had come back to Duel Academy in hopes of officially entering Slifer Red. He defeats her, and is therefore allowed to return to  Obelisk Blue . In the end, he still returns to  Slifer Red  after he is accidentally drenched in paint while the Obelisk Blue students are re-painting the Obelisk Blue dorm. Alexis believes it is because he doesn't want to help re-paint the dorm. 
 Unfortunately for Chazz, Blair took up residence in his room and kicked him out, forcing him to bunk with Jaden once again.
 
 Dimension World 
 At the start of the third year, he gets introduced to  Thelonious Viper 's survival duels that are said to happen every day. Later on, he watches Jesse and Jaden duel and gets annoyed when he finds out Jesse does not have  Rainbow Dragon  in his deck. Shortly after the beginning of the third year, Chazz, irked by the superiority and secrecy of the Gecko family, forces  Adrian Gecko  into a  Survival Duel  wherein the participants are standing on platforms suspended from helicopters. Although he puts all his strength into attaining victory, he is knocked off his Dueling platform and into the lake with his opponent's final strike.
 After Duel Academy is pulled into an alternate dimension, Chazz and the rest of the cast are left to watch the Academy while Jaden and the foreign champions go out to find medicine for Blair's illness. When the Academy itself comes under attack from  zombified students , Chazz is unable to repel them indefinitely, and becomes one of them. During his time as a Duel Ghoul, he has his sixth Duel with Jaden, which he loses. He then tries to stop Jaden from reaching Marcel alongside Syrus, Crowler, and Bonaparte. Alexis, Jim, Bastion, and Hassleberry stay behind to combat them, allowing Jaden to get to Marcel. He recovers after Duel Academy is returned to its proper place.
 When Jaden decides to go rescue  Jesse Anderson , Chazz, along with Bastion, Alexis, Syrus, Atticus,  Jim Crocodile Cook , and  Axel Brodie , willingly volunteers to join him into the other dimension. Later on, Chazz is sacrificed when Jaden Duels against  Brron , along with Alexis, Hassleberry, and Atticus. Chazz, along with all the other duelists who where "sent to the stars" are later revealed to all be alive and trapped in another alternate dimension by  Yubel , and later returned when Jaden fused with Yubel.
 
 Darkness 
         Chazz as the Pro Duelist, "Oja Manjome."     
 At the beginning of the fourth season, Chazz is promoted to the Obelisk Blue dorm along with  Blair  and  Syrus . He still has his childish crush on Alexis, as indicated by how much he wanted her as his partner during the pair Duel tournament, resulting in an argument with Syrus. Because of this, both he and Syrus end up with no partner, and they sit the tournament out. Chazz also has plans to be a Pro League Duelist without the help of his brothers. Aster takes him under his wing as his student and teaches him about the stressful life of being a Pro League Duelist. After Chazz gets Aster's  final   Destiny Hero  stolen, he talks to  Mike , who tells him to go to Duel Academy in Aster's place. Chazz goes on to Duel  the Academy's  strongest student, which happens to be Jaden. During this Duel, Chazz realizes that learning about the cards does help with a Duel and Chazz would have defeated Jaden with " Chthonian Polymer " if  Mike  didn't intervene and tell Chazz that all he had to do was give the audience a few laughs. Aster loses his position in the Pro Leagues and ends up Dueling Chazz because of his mistakes. During their Duel, Jaden intervenes and clears things up for the guys and Aster receives the "Final D-Card", " Destiny End Dragoon ". Although he Summons it, Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV10 ". Chazz wins by using "Ojama Yellow" to direct attack Aster, dubbing him his "ace" and finishes off the rest of his Life Points with " Pride Shout ", a most impressive win under Chazz's belt. This leads to many sponsors calling to sign Chazz on as a Pro.
 During  Trueman 's siege, he is one of the last students to be defeated and sucked into the  World of Darkness . In it, Atticus was shown the darkness within Chazz's soul. He was Dueling in the pro league, however he was driven into a situation where he was forced into cheating. Therefore, his darkness was that he wanted to win whatever it takes, the very same reason he joined the  Society of Light . To further elaborate, Chazz and the rest are attacked by multiple copies of  Trueman  who is trying to get everyone mind controlled, while Jaden is not there to stop him. Eventually, Chazz, along with  Mindy ,  Jasmine , Alexis and Atticus were the five remaining students in Duel Academy who were not consumed by Darkness. Chazz bought time for the other three by Dueling against Trueman. Although the Duel is not shown, it can be assumed that it took awhile. Atticus was cornered and defeated by Yusuke before he was, despite his Duel starting much earlier. After his defeat, he is consumed into Darkness. Along with Syrus and Alexis,  Yusuke Fujiwara  initially has difficulty trying to get him to reveal the darkness in his heart. However, after placing him in illusions of failing in his career as a pro, having to quit, and then losing to a gang of  Rare Hunters  (apparently going under the same name as the gang in the original Yu-Gi-Oh! series) in an ante-Duel. Each of the Duels were nearly identical, with the last turn always being a choice between using the Spell Card " Reload " and Summoning "Ojama Yellow" in defense position, before he lost due to his opponent attacking with " Mad Sword Beast ". Eventually he cannot take it anymore, and he is forced to resort to cheating by drawing the second top card of his Deck and if he unintentionally did this during a Pro League match due to his anxiety, he will be banned forever from the Pro League. Should he finally be forced to retire, he will be relieved from all the suffering he had to endure and when this was shown in the World of Darkness, his soul is shown consumed by a black wave of darkness. This illustrates Chazz's fears of not living up to the expectations of his family as well as others, as that is the theme of his darkness illusion. He is revived as Jaden defeats  Nightshroud .
 Chazz is last seen at the Graduation Party in  episode 179 . He, Alexis and Syrus end up tying in points in graduation matches. This gives all three of them the right to the copy of  Yugi Muto 's Deck, but all three opt not to take it, preferring their own Decks. When Alexis dresses up for the party he and Sryus blush over her. In  episode 180 , his note to Jaden reads "Come whenever you want and let's Duel!"
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 A poster for the  WRGP  lists one of its sponsors as the "Manjome Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd". [14] 
 
 Relationships 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Originally a rival of Jaden, Chazz gets annoyed by Jaden and visibly dislikes him. Pretty soon Jaden starts to consider Chazz to be a friend, which the latter initially does not reciprocate. Through their continued rivalry, however, they form a bond based on their shared battles in various arcs. Chazz is even seen repeating a lesson from Jaden to cheer up Blair, and is willing to accompany Jaden into the other dimensions to help find Jesse. As the show progresses, Chazz not only begins to respect Jaden as a Duelist, but becomes close friends with him.
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 In the episode, "Chazz-Anova" Chazz wakes up and seems to decide he's madly in love with Alexis. However, Alexis does not return these feelings because of her love of dueling. When Chazz gets rejected by her he then states "My darling beat me, so much for true love! Which is fine! 'Cause the Chazz always rides alone!" When Chazz was in the Society of Light he dueled Alexis and she lost, causing her to be indoctrinated into the society of light. After breaking free he vowed to save her from the Light's control, "Alexis, just like Jaden rescued me, I'm gonna rescue you!". The two have dueled twice in the show having one win each. Chazz's love for Alexis often times seems like he just uses it to prove something.
 
 Bastion Misawa 
 In the episode "Formula for Success" Chazz throws Bastion's cards into the ocean, showing little respect for him. After Chazz's devastating loss to Bastion, He leaves Duel Academy. Once Chazz is back at Duel Academy his and Bastions interactions are few and far between.
 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 In season 1 of Yu-Gi-Oh GX, after Chazz is essentially disowned by his brothers, he starts turning to Atticus for advice. In the original sub he even refers to Atticus as "Onii-san" or brother, He also calls him "Shishou" or master. Chazz and Atticus are shown to have a close bond, he admires him for how cool he is and how popular he is with women. Atticus may also view Chazz as a younger brother, and he seems to want to help guide Chazz as a mentor-like figure. 
 
 Other appearances 
 Chazz Princeton (manga) Chazz Princeton ( Duel Arena ) Chazz Princeton ( Duel Terminal ) Chazz Princeton ( Duel Academy ) Chazz Princeton ( Spirit Caller ) Chazz Princeton ( World Championship ) Chazz Princeton ( Tag Force ) Chazz Princeton ( Millennium Duels ) Chazz Princeton ( Legacy of the Duelist ) Chazz Princeton ( Duel Links ) 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Chazz Princeton's Decks 
 Chazz's Deck changes the most of any  Yu-Gi-Oh!  character, evolving and growing as his circumstances and outlook on Dueling shift. His initial Deck is a  Hell  Deck, consisting of powerful  Fiend  and  DARK  monsters, including " Chthonian " monsters. This Deck isn't seen at length but appears to have several control elements to it, " Chthonian Polymer " and " Chthonian Soldier " turning an opponent's powerful monsters against them, and " Mefist the Infernal General " and " Helpoemer " discarding cards from the opponent's hand.
 During a school exhibition Duel,  Vellian Crowler  gives Chazz the " VWXYZ " series with the intent for him to humiliate Jaden. These cards focus on combining and fusing together to form powerful  Fusion Monsters . Chazz draws the needed monsters into his hand with " Magical Mallet ", then summons them to the field quickly by using " Frontline Base ", or discarding them to be revived.
 When he arrives at North Academy deprived of his Deck, Chazz is forced to scavenge cards from the grounds to make a new Deck. This Deck relies on a  One Turn Kill  strategy, such as a combo of " Inferno Tempest ", " Chaos End " and " Return from the Different Dimension ". At this time Chazz acquires " Ojama Yellow " as his spirit partner. As a prize for becoming North Academy's top Duelist,  Chancellor Foster  grants Chazz the " Armed Dragon " series. This Deck focuses on evolving the "Armed Dragon" monsters into stronger forms and using their effects to destroy opposing monsters by discarding cards from the hand.
 When Chazz's brothers attempt to buy out Duel Academy, Chazz is forced to Duel Slade using a Deck of monsters with only 0 ATK. He gathers cards other students have thrown into the  Reject Well  and forms a largely defensive Deck, protecting himself with monsters with high DEF and limiting Slade's attacks with " The Dark Door ". Chazz also acquires " Ojama Black " and " Ojama Green ", completing his " Ojama " trio, and beginning to make regular use of them in all future Decks.
 At this point for much of the rest of the series, Chazz combines all his previous Decks together, interchangably using his "Ojama", "Armed Dragon" or "VWXYZ" cards. He uses a Power Deck that is continually supplemented with more and more support cards for the themes, largely using his "Ojama" cards as support for his "Armed Dragon" or "VWXYZ" cards, such as with " Ojama Ride ".
 While serving  Sartorius , Chazz adds the " Beetron " cards to his Deck, along with " White Veil " and " Infernal White ". Sartorius later grants him a " White Knight " Deck centering on " White Knight Lord ". Unlike previous Deck themes, Chazz does not keep the "White Knights" once he leaves the the  Society of Light , though he still makes brief use of the " Beetron " cards.
 In the manga, Chazz uses a  Dragon  Deck, with his  signature card  being his  Spirit Partner , " Light and Darkness Dragon ".
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Prep school Duelists 
 2 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 2 
 No result
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 4 
 Lose
 
 
 Bastion Misawa 
 12 
 Lose
 
 
 45  North Academy  students 
 24 
 Win
 
 
 4  North Academy  students 
 24 
 Win
 
 
 Czar 
 24 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 25 - 26 
 Lose
 
 
 Slade Princeton 
 35 
 Win
 
 
 Don Zaloog 
 39 
 Win
 
 
 Amnael 
 44 
 Lose
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 47 
 Lose
 
 
 Unknown duelist (original only) 
 54 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Reginald Van Howell III 
 54 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  (original only) 
 60 
 No result
 
 
 Sartorius 
 61 
 Lose
 
 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
 70 
 Win
 
 
 Raizou Mototani 
 70 
 Win
 
 
 Various  Obelisk Blue  students 
 70 
 Win
 
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 70 
 Win
 
 
 Lorenzo 
 Offscreen 
 Win
 
 
 Princess Rose 
 Offscreen 
 Win
 
 
 Bob Banter 
 81 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Ishiki Erishi ,  America Uchimura  and  Ra Yellow  student 
 82 
 Win
 
 
 Bastion Misawa 
 82 
 Win
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelists 
 87 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Gelgo 
 87 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 87 - 88 
 Lose
 
 
 
 
 Genex Tournament  and  Society of Light  Duelists 
 102 
 Win (with  Obelisk Blue  Students)
 
 
 Blair Flannigan 
 103 - 104 
 Win
 
 
 Adrian Gecko 
 111 - 112 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Ghoul 
 122 
 Win
 
 
 5  Duel Ghouls 
 122 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 122 
 Not shown
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 126 
 Lose
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes , and   Jim Crocodile Cook 
 129 
 Draw (with  Syrus Truesdale ,  Vellian Crowler , and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 165 
 Lose
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 166 
 Win
 
 
 Various  Duel Academy  students 
 168 
 Not shown
 
 
 10  Duel Academy  students 
 171 
 Not shown
 
 
 Trueman 
 173 
 Lose
 
 
 Pro League  Duelist 
 173 
 Lose (vision)
 
 
 Pro League Duelist 
 173 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Pro League Duelist 
 174 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Rare Hunter 
 174 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Pro League Duelist 
 174 
 No result (vision)
 
 
 Pro League Duelist 
 178 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 Trivia 
 Chazz is the only primary rival whose last name is different in the Japanese and English versions. 
 Ironically despite not wanting to be a  Ra Yellow  duelist, he eventually becomes a  Slifer Red  duelist which is lower ranked than Ra. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Chugai Mining's 2016 Yu-Gi-Oh! Jump Festa Goods  Fortune Ema 
 
 ↑    Anime Plaza Collaboration Cafe  "Drink Menu" .  http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/File:CollaborationCafeDrinkMenu.png . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 112: " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 39: " The Dark Scorpions " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 44: " The Seventh Shadow Rider " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 24: " The New Chazz " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 165: " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 166: " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 34: " The Fear Factor " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Les Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-GX/Details/Les-personnages/Chazz-Princeton . Retrieved October 15, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters height guide" . September 13, 2013 .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/d6e91c9ed9a16df5a0e0123cd69ca2ef/tumblr_mt1zczv2GB1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   www5f.biglobe.ne.jp   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX  cast 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 98: " Power Plays " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 v e 
 Chazz Princeton  (Jun Manjome) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Manjoume_s4.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160907173108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/Manjoume_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170316124426', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/ObeliskBlue2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110131031044', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/ObeliskWhite.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070616183735', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Ojamanjoume.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111213164936', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/ChazzMangaCover.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/146?cb=20210603195728', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/ChazzPrinceton-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150131232518', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/ChazzPrincetonDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930141701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/ChazzDuelAcademy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140429153228', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/ChazzSpiritCaller.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140429153322', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/ChazzWorldChampionship2008.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140429153413', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Chazz-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/137?cb=20160706162729', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/ChazzPrincetonMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/121?cb=20190606142334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/ChazzPrincetonMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/121?cb=20190606142334', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/ChazzPrinceton-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/109?cb=20170929195401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters, Chazz Princeton pages