Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Divine_Temple

This article is about the fortress. For the arc, see  Ark Cradle (arc) .      
       The Divine Temple seen during the dimension rift.     
 The  Divine Temple , known as the  Ark Cradle  in the Japanese version, is the fortress of  Z-one  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , and  Iliaster 's ultimate means to changing the future.  Originally introduced as the Final  Ener-D , the Divine Temple was eventually revealed to have been constructed out of the entire old  Satellite  Sector and converted into one massive Ener-D Reactor in the future that spins the Ener-D in reverse. The  Three Pure Nobles  eventually constructed the  Grand Design  to provide enough power to bring the Divine Temple to  New Domino City , where Z-one put the Divine Temple on a collision course with New Domino's Ener-D Reactor, which would cause a massive reactor meltdown, causing a larger scale  Zero Reverse , destroying New Domino City.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Characteristics 
 2   History 
 3   Non-canon appearances 
 4   References 
 
 
 Characteristics 
 The insides of the Divine Temple itself is built from the remains of Satellite in the future ruined by Synchro Summons. Within it is where Z-one,  Antinomy ,  Paradox  and  Aporia  find a way to repair the crumbled future in which they were. Furthermore in the same place is where Antinomy, Paradox and Aporia's human bodies are contained in stasis pods after they naturally died of old age. 
 Within the citadel's Reactor, three  Planetary Gears  exist, along with a main support gear, which is also known as the Center Gear (which is really  Old Ener-D  powered by the Gears). Shifting in reverse, the reactor enables the Divine Temple to shut down all the Ener-D in the entire city, rendering everything inoperable with the exception of the  Duel Runners  used by  Team 5D's  and  Team Ragnarok . It is also connected to Z-one, and as such, will only stop if Z-one is defeated in a Duel. [1]  The outside of the citadel has the remains of the Satellite Sector, including the  Daedalus Bridge .
 
 History 
 After being transported through a wormhole via  Infinity ,  Bruno ,  Sherry LeBlanc , and  Yusei Fudo  entered a distorted dimension and saw this structure. Yusei saw a vision of his father,  Dr. Fudo . 
 He advised Yusei not to get close to the structure, which he described as  the last  Ener-D  and the place which leads to the destruction of mankind. [2] 
 Once Yusei and Bruno returned to their own world, the structure was visible in the sky through a hole showing its dimension. The hole was only visible to the  Signers  and  Team Ragnarok . [2] 
 Strangely after Yusei's intensive battle against  Taro Yamashita , a part of the island is seen trespassing into the real world. Strangely at the time this occurred, another part of the  Grand Design  had lit up before.  
 Before  Team 5D's   Duel  against  Team New World ,  Primo ,  Jakob , and  Lester  reveal that the island is really their Divine One's fortress, and that it will show up when they win the  World Racing Grand Prix . But when that happens,  New Domino City  will be  destroyed  and the world will change. 
 Only those with the  Mark of the Dragon  or the  Rune Eye  can see the Divine Temple, but if someone is in physical contact with one of these people, they will also be able to see the fortress in the sky.
 
         The Divine Temple above  New Domino City .     
 After  Team 5D's  defeats  Team New World , the  Grand Design  finally gets completed. This allows the Divine Temple to shatter the sky and finally appear physically in New Domino City. Upon viewing the structure more closely, Yusei notices the  Daedalus Bridge  hanging from it, revealing to himself and the others that the Divine Temple was in fact  New Domino City . More so, because the inverted  Old Ener-D  within it is resonating with the present-time Old Ener-D, it will descend after twelve hours and crash into the present-day generator, thus triggering another, far bigger  Zero Reverse  that will erase everything within thirty miles. The Divine Temple's Ener-D Reactor is spinning in reverse rotation and producing minus energy. This allows it to take control of all the Ener-D in the city, thus shutting down power in buildings, automobiles, etc.  Bruno  states that the only way to stop it is if the negative reactor crashes into an Ener-D reactor rotating in a positive direction. Team 5D's soon learn from  Team Ragnarok  that those with the Rune Eye and the Mark of the Dragon can make their Duel Runners immune to the negative Ener-D, giving Team 5D's a chance to enter the Divine Temple in order to shut it down.
 After Yusei defeats Z-one, the Divine Temple stops. Yusei then flies back to the Ener-D core of the Divine Temple to attach a positive Ener-D reactor so the temple will rise back up, believing this will be his final role to the city. However Z-one appears and sends Yusei out the temple saying that Yusei is the one to recreate a new better future for the city. He then sacrifices his own life to use the Ener-D inside of him to reverse the reactor's negative rotation.
 In the dub, the Grand Design is not completed after Aporia's defeat, and the Divine Temple doesn't appear during Team 5D's victory celebration.
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 This location appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 .
 
 Divine Temple Top View of the Divine Temple 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 146: " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 117: " The Distorted Past " 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/5Dx117_Distorted_dimension.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20100710004349', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/5Dx148_Ark_Cradle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110219063131', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Divine_Temple-TF06.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120117124730', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Divine_Temple_Above-TF06.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120117124734', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Locations