Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Topologic


 
 Topologic 
 トポロジック  ( Toporojikku ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Topologic Zeroboros ", featured in the artwork of " Zero-Day Blaster ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Topologique 
 
 
 German 
 Topologik 
 
 
 Italian 
 Topologico(a) 
 
 
 Korean 
 토폴로직   Topollojik   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Topológico(a) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Topológico(a) 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Code of the Duelist Flames of Destruction 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Battles of Legend: Relentless Revenge 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Structure Deck: Rokket Revolt Battles of Legend: Armageddon 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Collectors Pack 2018 Structure Deck: Revolver Legendary Gold Box 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Topologic " (トポロジック  Toporojikku ) is an  archetype  ( series  in the anime) of  DARK   Cyberse   Link Monsters  used by  Ryoken Kogami (Varis)  and  Pandor  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS . With the exception of " Topologic Trisbaena ", all of its members are  Link -4 monsters with 3000  ATK . They also all specifically require 2+  Effect Monsters  to be  Link Summoned .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Members 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Etymology 
 In mathematics,  topology  is the study of the properties of space that are preserved under continuous deformations.
 Network topology  refers to the arrangement of elements in a communication network, such as links and nodes. This most likely references how the Topologics are  Cyberse   Link Monsters  whose effects activate when linked.
 
 Playing style 
 "Topologic" monsters usually involve mass removal of cards whenever a monster is Special Summoned to a Zone a Link Monster points to. In addition, they inflict heavy effect damage.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Topologic
 
 Effect
 
 Origin
 
 
 Destruction
 
 Damage
 
 
 Bomber Dragon 
 
 Destroys all monsters in the Main Monster Zones.
 
 Deals damage equal to the ATK of a monster it attacks.
 
 Klein bottle ,  Mobius strip , Non-trivial  knot 
 
 
 Gumblar Dragon 
 
 Makes both players randomly discard up to 2 cards. Once per turn, if Extra Linked, it can make the opponent discard up to 2 cards.
 
 Deals 3000 damage at the resolution of its second effect, if the opponent ends up having no cards in their hand as a result.
 
 Infinity ,  Subset / Superset 
 
 
 Trisbaena 
 
 Banishes all cards in the Spell & Trap Zones.
 
 Deals 500 damage for each of the opponent's cards banished by its effect.
 
 Non-trivial  knot ,  Torus ,  Trefoil knot 
 
 
 Zeroboros 
 
 Banishes all cards on the field. On the next Standby Phase, if it is banished by its own effect, it returns to the field.
 
 Gains 200 ATK for each banished card.
 
 Trefoil knot 
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Absorouter Dragon 
 Background Dragon 
 Checksum Dragon 
 Chobham Armor Dragon 
 Defrag Dragon 
 DMZ Dragon 
 Galactic Spiral Dragon 
 Gateway Dragon 
 Hibernation Dragon 
 Noctovision Dragon 
 Sniffer Dragon 
 Stygian Street Patrol 
 Triggering Wurm 
 Unchained Soul of Disaster 
 Tuner monsters 
 Rokket Caliber 
 Rokket Synchron 
 Rokket Tracer Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Borreload Furious Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Borreload Savage Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon 
 Topologic Trisbaena 
 Topologic Zeroboros 
 Borrelcode Dragon 
 Flash Charge Dragon 
 Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres 
 I:P Masquerena 
 Triple Burst Dragon 
 Twin Triangle Dragon 
 Unchained Soul of Anguish 
 Unchained Soul of Rage 
 Vorticular Drumgon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quick Launch 
 Rapid Trigger 
 World Legacy Succession 
 Traps 
 Detonation Code 
 Zero-Day Blaster 
 Trivia 
 The Topologics and their sister archetype, the  Topologina , are the only Cyberse monsters in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  to not ultimately be in the service of an  Ignis . In, fact they outright join the  Knights of Hanoi  in killing the Ignis. Whether their anti-Ignis behavior is influenced by  Varis  in anyway is unknown. 
   
" Topologic " 「トポロジック」 Members 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon Topologic Gumblar Dragon Topologic Trisbaena Topologic Zeroboros 
 Support 
 Borrelcode Dragon 
 Detonation Code 
 Related 
 Zero-Day Blaster 
 
 v e 
 Topologic  トポロジック a   Members 
 Topologic Bomber Dragon Topologic Gumblar Dragon Topologic Trisbaena Topologic Zeroboros 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/ZeroDayBlaster-SDRR-EN-SR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/342?cb=20190828075833']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)