Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Mr._Kay.jpg


 
 Mr. Kay 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Mr. Kay 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Ukyo Kitano 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 北野右京 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Professor 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Crashbug 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Darren Dunstan 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Tomoaki Maeno 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Diego Sabre 
 
 
 
 Mr. Kay , known as  Ukyo Kitano  (北野右京  Kitano Ukyō ) in the Japanese version, is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is the teacher of  Yuma 's class at  Heartland Academy .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   ZEXAL II 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         
 Mr. Kay appears wears brown pants and a matching vest, which covers a pink shirt. He has brown hair is with a dark brown fringes.
 
 Biography 
 Mr. Kay is a professor at the  Heartland Academy  that  Yuma Tsukumo  attends, and was one of the characters possessed by one of the " Number " cards; " Number 34: Terror-Byte ". While under the "Number" influence, he launched a  Crashbug Virus  throughout  Heartland City , causing all electronics system to go haywire and caused mayhem. [1]  After Yuma defeated him in a  Duel , Mr. Kay revealed that he was planning a special spectacle where he used the city's matrix code of that image to materialized an image of "Crashbug" in the sky. [2]  He seems to be the main teacher for Yuma's class, as seen during Parent's Day at Yuma's school. [3] 
 After  Reginald Kastle  returned to school after a long absence, Mr. Kay welcomed him and was relieved that he was back. When  Shark  was about to walk away, Mr. Kay mentioned how much Shark changed after meeting Yuma, stopping him in his tracks. Mr. Kay commented how special Yuma was, stating Yuma's "sun-like" power can changed people for the better, before watching Shark leave. [4] 
 Later that day,  Caswell  asked him to help Yuma find the  Emperor's Key  using the Crashbug Virus he created while he had a "Number". Mr. Kay was confused about this, but then accepted when Caswell blackmailed him with the threat of telling everyone that he was responsible for the Crashbug Virus incident. Using the virus, he located the Key and opened the door to the building where it was held for Yuma to go retrieve it. [5]  He was able to override the building's computer network with his Crashbug virus, causing it to explode. At the  Heartland Hospital , he was looking after Shark until the boy awakened from his catatonic state, explaining to him that Yuma saved him. [6] 
 
 ZEXAL II 
       Mr. Kay and Cathy in Heartland     
 Sometime after the  World Duel Carnival , Mr. Kay was surprised when new student  Ray Shadows  loudly arrived to his class with  Yuma  in tow, exasperated by his behavior and the fact they were both late for class. [7]  Later, he supervised Yuma's class during the voting for class representative. [8] 
 Mr. Kay was among the survivors of  Heartland City  who did not pick up a  fake "Number"  and be sacrificed to   Barian World . [9]  After the  Barian World  crisis was over and  Earth  was safe once again, Mr. Kay returned to his profession as a teacher for Yuma and his friends. [10] 
 
 
 Deck 
 Mr. Kay uses a  " Crashbug " Deck  revolving around Summoning his " Number ", " Number 34: Terror-Byte ". Much like the  effects  of his cards, his  Deck  represents what he has done - hacking into computer systems and taking control of them, launching "bugs"  en masse , and wroughting many people (and the infected systems themselves) trouble because of it all.
 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crashbug X 
 Crashbug Y 
 Crashbug Z 
 Super Crashbug Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cracking 
 Crashbug Road 
 Infected Mail 
 Traps 
 Bug Switch 
 Damage Vaccine Ω MAX  x2 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 3 - 4 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 19: " The Edge of the World " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 22: " The Shark Hunter " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 76: " Hard Knox " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 77: " Rule Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was present the Deck in his Duel against  Yuma Tsukumo . It was later absorbed by  Astral  upon his loss against Yuma in  episode 4 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Mr._Kay.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20201114095328', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Mr._Kay%27s_line_art.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131020222613', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/Mr._Kay_Cathy_Heartland_Base.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140223135601']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters