Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Zoodiac


 
 Zoodiac 
 十二獣 「 じゅうにしし 」  ( Jūnishishi ) 
 
 
 
 
 Various "Zoodiac" monsters in RATE Regional season (2017) 
 
 
 Translation 
 Twelve Beasts 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Zoodiaque 
 
 
 German 
 Zoodiak 
 
 
 Italian 
 Zoodiaco 
 
 
 Korean 
 십이수 十二獸   (Hanja)   Sib-isu   (romanized) Translation:  Twelve Beasts 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Zoodíaco(a) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Zoodíaco 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Raging Tempest Maximum Crisis 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 15 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Zoodiac ", known as " Twelve Beasts " ( 十 二 獣   Jūnishishi ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  Level / Rank  4  EARTH   Beast-Warrior   monsters  that debuted in " Raging Tempest ".
 " Master Peace, the True Dracoslayer " and " True King Lithosagym, the Disaster " appear to have a relation to this archetype in Duel Terminal Lore, as seen in " Zodiac Sign " and " Zoodiac Combo ", respectively.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Weaknesses 
 5   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The "Zoodiac" monsters are based on the  Twelve Animals of the Chinese Zodiac , with each monster being a slightly anthropomorphized version of their respective animal. Each monster also wears an oversized gauntlet on either their left or right forearm, with which they wield their own respective weapon.
 
 Etymology 
 The Japanese name, "Jūnishishi", is a play on the terms " Jūnishi " (十二支), which refers to the twelve signs of the Chinese zodiac, and " Shishi " (獣), meaning "beast". The English name, "Zoodiac", is a portmanteau of the words "zoo" and "zodiac".
 
 Members 
 
 
 Zoodiac
 
 Origin
 
 
 English name ( TCG )
 
 OCG  name
 
 Zodiac sign
 
 Weapon
 
 
 Ratpier 
 
 Marmorat
 
 Rat 
 
 Rapier 
 
 
 Broadbull 
 
 Bullhorn
 
 Ox 
 
 Broadaxe 
 
 
 Tigermortar 
 
 Tigress
 
 Tiger 
 
 Mortar 
 
 
 Bunnyblast 
 
 Rabbina
 
 Rabbit 
 
 Blunderbuss 
 
 
 Drident 
 
 Drancia
 
 Dragon 
 
 Trident 
 
 
 Whiptail 
 
 Viper
 
 Snake 
 
 Snake whip 
 
 
 Thoroughblade 
 
 Thoroughblade
 
 Horse 
 
 Sword 
 
 
 Ramram 
 
 Ram
 
 Goat 
 
 Battering ram 
 
 
 Hammerkong 
 
 Hammerkong
 
 Monkey 
 
 Hammer 
 
 
 Kataroost 
 
 Cuckle
 
 Rooster 
 
 Katar 
 
 
 Chakanine 
 
 Lyca
 
 Dog 
 
 Chakram 
 
 
 Boarbow 
 
 Wildbow
 
 Boar 
 
 Bow 
 
 Playing style 
 The archetype's Main Deck monsters grants additional effect for any Beast-Warrior Xyz Monster they're attached to, ranging from protection against targeting effects, piercing battle damage, banishing opposing monster they battled, or even Summoning more monsters from the Deck.
 The Xyz Monsters of the archetype, meanwhile, all possess variable (?) ATK/DEF, stemming from the total sum of the ATK/DEF of the "Zoodiac" monsters attached to them. Furthermore, each Xyz Monster can be Xyz Summoned once every turn by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster as Material (as long their names are different). Their Material requirements are generic, which means they can be used in other decks as well.
 The biggest strength of this archetype is their capability of starting their sequences of play with just one card (any of their monster). With the collective strength from "Ratpier", "Broadbull", "Chakanine", and "Drident", in addition of having access to cards like " Zoodiac Barrage ", " Fire Formation - Tenki ", and " M-X-Saber Invoker ", gives them unrivaled consistency and card advantages overall, with almost no investment. Because of this, the deck doesn't require many of their Main Deck components, allowing them to incorporate several powerful cards that either increase their redundancy (such as " Shuffle Reborn " or " Soul Charge "), protect their field presences (such as " My Body as a Shield "), or even hindering their opponents (such as the  Hand traps , " Solemn Strike " or " Dimensional Barrier ") without affecting much of their consistency. By incorporating " Missus Radiant ", they can also mitigate the restriction imposed by the new Master Rule 4 by providing them with power boost, recovery, and two Monster Zones to Summon their Extra Deck monsters.
 Because of their compact size, they can be included in several other decks (mainly just "Ratpier" and "Whiptail" in Main Deck, while at least "Broadbull" and "Drident" in Extra Deck).
 With the recent announcement of  September 2017 Lists  in TCG (and  July 2017 Lists  in OCG), in which " Zoodiac Broadbull " and " Zoodiac Drident " being Forbidden and " Zoodiac Ratpier " being Limited (in addition to " Zoodiac Barrage " being also Forbidden in OCG), the deck has lost much of their functionality (albeit their "one-card-Xyz Summon" strength still remains). In addition, " Daigusto Emeral " being Forbidden in TCG also greatly weakens their recovery aspect, forcing them to rely exclusively on " Zoodiac Combo " for that purpose, which is also made less reliable due to the Limitation of "Ratpier".
 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite its unparalleled consistency, redundancy, and speed, it's not without its weakness. Their over-reliance on "Ratpier" makes it the prime target of any counter-attempt cards their opponents may utilize, such as " Chain Disappearance ". " Dimensional Barrier " is one of their worst enemy (and one of the only ones they cannot play around), since its effect essentially leaves them without any moves during the turn it resolves. " Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries " is also deadly for this deck, especially for eliminating " Zoodiac Broadbull " (which cuts off their main source of card advantage), or " Zoodiac Drident " (leaves them unable to interrupt opponent's moves). In addition, cards like " Dark Hole " and " Interrupted Kaiju Slumber " can easily dismantle the deck's field presence (if no protection cards like " My Body as a Shield " are present).
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Zoodiac Ratpier 
 Zoodiac Ramram 
 Zoodiac Thoroughblade 
 Zoodiac Whiptail 
 Zoodiac Bunnyblast 
 Zoodiac Kataroost 
 Speedroid Taketomborg 
 Speedroid Terrortop 
 Predaplant Ophrys Scorpio 
 Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra 
 Coach Captain Bearman Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Zoodiac Boarbow 
 Zoodiac Hammerkong 
 Zoodiac Chakanine 
 Zoodiac Tigermortar 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Zoodiac Drident 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King 
 M-X-Saber Invoker 
 Tornado Dragon 
 Coach King Giantrainer 
 Divine Arsenal AA-ZEUS - Sky Thunder 
 Link Monsters 
 Missus Radiant 
 Infinitrack Fortress Megaclops 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Zoodiac Barrage 
 Fire Formation - Tenki 
 My Body as a Shield 
 Pianissimo 
 Forbidden Chalice 
 Shuffle Reborn 
 Traps 
 Zoodiac Combo 
   
" Zoodiac " 「 十 二 獣 」 Members 
 Zoodiac Boarbow Zoodiac Broadbull Zoodiac Bunnyblast Zoodiac Chakanine Zoodiac Drident Zoodiac Hammerkong Zoodiac Kataroost Zoodiac Ramram Zoodiac Ratpier Zoodiac Thoroughblade Zoodiac Tigermortar Zoodiac Whiptail 
 Zoodiac Barrage Zoodiac Combo Zoodiac Gathering 
 Support 
 Zoodiac Boarbow Zoodiac Broadbull Zoodiac Bunnyblast Zoodiac Chakanine Zoodiac Drident Zoodiac Hammerkong Zoodiac Kataroost Zoodiac Ramram Zoodiac Ratpier Zoodiac Thoroughblade Zoodiac Tigermortar 
 Zodiac Sign Zoodiac Barrage Zoodiac Combo Zoodiac Gathering 
 
 v e 
" Zoodiac " 「 十 二 獣 」 a   Members 
 Zoodiac Hammerkong Zoodiac Ratpier 
 Support 
 Zoodiac Hammerkong Zoodiac Ratpier 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Mat-WCQRegional-Zoodiac.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170216153409']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)