Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_074


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 074 
 
 
 
 
 The mask of " the clown " is torn off. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 道化師 の 仮面 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dōkeshi no Kamen 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Mask of the Clown 
 
 
 English 
 A Traitor Unmasked 
 
 
 Number 
 074 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 20, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 28, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 December 10, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Ryou Tamura 
 
 
 Director 
 Lee Kan-Min 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Tsukasa Sunaga 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Sung-Jin, Lee Seok-yoon 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Turning Point " 
 " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Traitor Unmasked ", known as " Mask of the Clown " in the Japanese version, is the seventy-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 20, 2015 and in Australia on October 28, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 24, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018. 
 The last match for the first round of the  Friendship Cup  is between  Shay  and  Dennis , both  Lancers . Against Shay who suspects his identity, Dennis plays in his usual Entertainment style. However, when Shay forces him into a corner, Dennis suddenly Summons a  new monster  that surprises everyone!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Dennis McField 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya  recaps that the  Friendship Cup  is definitely wrong, but he still couldn't do anything about it.  Moon Shadow  then appeared, even though he should have been sent underground; it turned out that  Declan Akaba  sent Moon Shadow underground on purpose to collect information. Moon Shadow delivered a message from  Riley ; though the  Lancers  came to protect the  Synchro Dimension , no-one in  New Domino City  believes them, so they have to make them recognize their strength by defeating  Jack . Yuya vowed to win with his Dueling, and bring smiles to the faces of everyone in New Domino City.
 Melissa Trail  announces the final match of the Friendship Cup's first round;  Shay Obsidian  vs.  Dennis McField . Dennis smiles, while Shay remembers his  last Duel with Dennis , where he became suspicious as to whether Dennis was really from  LID . Shay muses that back then, Dennis showed off his combat techniques, something that you definitely don't learn at LID. Dennis comments to himself that Shay is probably thinking something like that, and declares that he'll make sure that he'll destroy Shay this time, bit by bit. Yuya is surprised that Shay is Dueling Dennis, since they are both Lancers, and he wonders if it is intended to turn them against one another (in the dub, Yuya is instead concerned that one of them will be sent underground).
 In the Capital Building,  Gael  explains that Declan may not be pleased with this matchup.  Bordeaux  explains that this match is quite noteworthy to them, and  White Taki  agrees. Declan replies that he isn't displeased and that he finds the match compelling as well. 
 
       Shay  and  Dennis  at the starting line.     
 Shay enters the  Duel Palace  on his  Duel Runner  to the sound of fans cheering his name. Melissa narrates that Shay is the defunct  Underground Dueling Arena 's strongest and most popular Duelist. Dennis enters next, and Melissa describes him as the talk of the town after his performance in Central Park. The women in the crowd are quite taken, calling Dennis cuter in person (those women are cut from the dub), and Dennis waves to the crowd, declaring that he'll bring a dazzling illusion to the citizens of New Domino City overflowing with friendship. He tosses three cards into the air and declares "It's showtime!" causing the cards to explode into fireworks that take the shape of his " Performage Trapeze Magician " and the crowd cheers. Melissa declares that their Duel may just be a match worthy of wrapping up the Friendship Cup's first round. She declares that they can't you definitely can't not look forward to the Duel. She wonders how the Duel will develop, and claims that she's shaking with excitement. Shay and Dennis reach the starting line, and Dennis tells Shay that even though they're comrades, they're still fighting, so they should do their best. Shay comments that they let the Duel prove whether or not they are really comrades. Dennis comments that Shay is so cold. Melissa declares the activation of the Action Field; the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration ". The purple light saturates the field, and the  Action Cards  disperse before the holographic starting board appears and begins counting down. Melissa declares, " Turbo Duel …Acceleration! ("The clock is tickin', so you better get kickin'!" in the dub)" and Shay and Dennis start off, declaring "Duel!"
 
       Shay  activates " Raidraptor - Call ", using the same strategy as his previous Duel.     
 Shay declares that he'll expose Dennis's true colors, and he accelerates to take the first corner and the first turn as Melissa narrates. He starts by Summoning " Raidraptor - Skull Eagle ", and then activates the  Spell Card  " Raidraptor - Call " to  Special Summon  another copy from his  Deck . He  overlays  his two  Level 3  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle ". Melissa declares that the monarch of the underground Xyz Summoned in an instant. The effects of the overlayed "Skull Eagles" activate, increasing the  ATK  of "Fiend Eagle" by 300 each, to 1600. Shay proceeds to activate the effect of "Fiend Eagle", detaching an Overlay Unit to inflict damage to his opponent equal to a Special Summoned monster's ATK, and he chooses "Fiend Eagle" itself. "Fiend Eagle" creates a shadow of purple light that reduces Dennis's  LP  to 2400. Dennis asks if Shay is going with that again, and Shay asks what Dennis means. Snapping his fingers, Dennis declares his discerning magic; there's a " Rank-Up-Magic " card in Shay's hand right now, and he remembers Shay using " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force " in their last Duel. Dennis comments that just like last time, Shay will be planning to Summon a higher- Rank  monster (in the dub, Dennis specifies that Shay will Summon a monster that is one Rank higher). Shay looks at his hand, where there is indeed a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card, " Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force ". One girl in the crowd calls Dennis amazing, and another asks Dennis to see through her heart too, prompting everyone else to look at her. Dennis  chides Shay for using a predictable hand, as he'll bring down the crowd's blood, and Shay insults him. Dennis continues, claiming that an entertainment show has to be full of surprises. Shay smirks, commenting that Dennis plans to discourage his enemy and gain the upper hand. LID doesn't teach that tactic. Dennis asks in confusion if that is meant to be a compliment, and Shay  Sets  two cards, ending his turn. 
 
       Dennis  draws " Polymerization ".     
 Dennis declares his turn and draws, but he tuts to himself as he laments internally at the sight of his " Polymerization ". Shay narrows his eyes. Dennis irritably asks the card what it wants him to do. Dennis adds the card to his hand, and he declares that after his discerning magic comes the biggest trick of the century, before he snaps his fingers. "Fiend Eagle" loses its other Overlay Unit, much to Shay's surprise. Dennis yodels quietly, asking if that is " Performage Cup Tricker ". "Cup Tricker" is holding the Overlay Unit, and it puts it beneath a cup, shifts it around, and gasps happily as it reveals that the cup is empty. Dennis snaps his fingers, reassuring Shay that he's just kidding. By detaching an Overlay Unit from an  Xyz Monster , he was able to Special Summon "Cup Tricker" from his hand. Shay calls Dennis's use of Shay's Overlay Units clownish antics. Dennis comments that that's not all; in addition, the targeted Xyz Monster loses 600 ATK. "Fiend Eagle" returns to 1000 ATK and Shay curses. Next up, Dennis activates the Spell Card " Magical Pendulum Box ", allowing him to draw two cards, but he can only add  Pendulum Monsters  to his hand. He draws " Performage Overlay Juggler " and " Performage Bonus Dealer ", and exclaims, "WOW! Both are Pendulums!" 
 
         Dennis  manages to amass five monsters on his field.     
 The "Magical Pendulum Box" card lets out a fanfare of victory, and Dennis proceeds to use the Scale 3 "Bonus Dealer" and the Scale 6 "Overlay Juggler" to Set the  Pendulum Scale . He explains that he can now simultaneously Summon monsters from  Levels  3 to  5 . Dennis chants, " Pendulum Summon ! Appear now, my  Performages !" as he Pendulum Summons " Performage Wind Drainer ", " Performage Wing Sandwichman ", and last but not least, " Performage Ball Balancer ". Shay notes the three Level 5 monsters, and he asks Dennis if he plans to Xyz Summon. Dennis activates the Pendulum Effect of "Bonus Dealer", allowing him to draw two cards since he Pendulum Summoned three "Performages". He draws " Performage Magic Tactician " and " Performage Fire Dancer ", the latter of which he  Normal Summons . He overlays the  Level 4  "Fire Dancer" and "Ball Balancer", and he chants, "Show must go on! Artisan of the stage, swoop down from the skies! Xyz Summon! Appear now!  Rank 4 ! Performage Trapeze Magician!" Melissa narrates that Dennis also Xyz Summoned in the very first Xyz showdown in Friendship Cup history. She calls it a red-hot development worthy of the first round finale. Shay observes that if Dennis keeps this up he'll pull the same trick as last time. He suggests that Dennis reveal who he really is now? Dennis reassures Shay that his show is still going on. He overlays the Level 5 "Cup Tricker", "Wind Drainer" and "Wing Sandwichman", and he chants, "Arrive, hell's artist! Xyz Summon!  Rank 5 !  Performage Shadow Maker ! ((Dub) "I Xyz Summon! The Monster with the silhouette you can't forget!  Performage Shadow Maker !")"
 With "Shadow Maker" as the target, Dennis activates the effect of "Trapeze Magician", detaching an Overlay Unit to allow a monster to attack twice this turn. Then he activates the effect of "Shadow Maker" since it was targeted by an effect, detaching an Overlay Unit in order to Special Summon another "Shadow Maker" from his  Extra Deck . The second "Shadow Maker" appears from the extended shadow of the first. Dennis activates the effect of the "Cup Tricker", which was detached and sent to the  Graveyard , allowing him to transfer one Overlay Unit from one Xyz Monster to another. He detaches an Overlay Unit from the "Shadow Maker" that he Xyz Summoned and attaches it to the newly Summoned one. Then he uses the second Overlay Unit of "Trapeze Magician" to allow the second "Shadow Maker" to attack twice this turn as well. With "Shadow Maker" targeted by an effect, Dennis activates its effect, detaching an Overlay Unit and Special Summoning his third "Shadow Maker" from his Extra Deck. Melissa asks what this is; Dennis now has four Xyz Monsters on his field, and what's more; two of them can attack twice. She gets flustered over the math, before the total is given to her; 15500 damage (she does not mention this in the dub). Dennis declares his  Battle Phase , attacking "Fiend Eagle" with "Trapeze Magician". "Trapeze Magician" swings on its staff and kicks "Fiend Eagle", destroying it and reducing Shay to 2500  LP . 
 
         " Trapeze Magician " emblazoned with the " Raidraptor " crest.     
 Shay immediately activates a  Continuous Trap Card  targeting "Trapeze Magician"; " Raidraptor - Target Flag ". The " Raidraptor " crest appears on "Trapeze Magician's" mask, and Shay explains that he draws a card and then reveals it. He declares that he's drawn " Raidraptor - Last Strix "; a  Monster Card , and he states that when the monster targeted by the effect of "Target Flag" leaves the field, "Target Flag" will be destroyed and Shay can check Dennis's hand. Dennis looks at the "Polymerization" in his hand, and Shay further explains that all cards that are the same card type as the card that Shay drew will be destroyed and sent to the Graveyard when he checks Dennis's hand. Dennis notes that even if Shay does that, Dennis will be taking out Shay's LP here anyway and he resumes his Battle Phase. Shay activates a  Quick-Play Spell Card , "Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force". He Special Summons the destroyed Rank 3 "Fiend Eagle", treats it as Material and overlays it, Xyz Summoning a "Raidraptor" that is double its  Rank . He chants, "Prideful falcon! Spread those wings dyed with the blood of heroes, and charge through the path of revolution!  Rank-Up-Xyz Evolution ! Appear now!  Rank 6 !  Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ! (in the dub, he reassures Dennis that his true colors will be exposed before saying, "Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Witness the ascent of Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon!" " 
 Melissa calls the Xyz Summon using a destroyed monster impressive, and Shay activates the effect of "Revolution Falcon" as it was Ranked-Up using a "Raidraptor" monster as Material; destroying an opponent's Special Summoned monster and inflicts half its ATK to Dennis as damage. Ordering "Revolution Falcon" to reveal Dennis's true colors with its revolutionary flames, he tells it to destroy "Trapeze Magician". "Revolution Falcon" opens a port on its base and concentrates a fireball from it before descending towards "Trapeze Magician". Dennis comments that that isn't good since "Trapeze Magician" is the star of his show. He activates the effect of the "Performage Magic Tactician" in his hand, sending it to the Graveyard since a monster he controls was targeted by an effect, and then sending another card on his field to the Graveyard in order to change the target of the effect. He sends one "Shadow Maker" to his Graveyard and changes the target to another "Shadow Maker", which burns in the flames. Dennis explains that "Shadow Maker" was destroyed, but Dennis won't take any damage due to the effect of "Trapeze Magician". He sighs in relief at somehow being able to protect "Trapeze Magician", who laughs sinisterly. Dennis ends his turn, noting that the effect of "Revolution Falcon" would have reduced the ATK of his Special Summoned monsters to zero. Shay scoffs and he turns away. In her room,  Zuzu  asks what is with this Duel. Yuya wonders what Shay means by revealing Dennis's true colors. Declan and  Jean-Michel Roget  watch intently. Dennis drives up beside Shay, and Shay asks Dennis how long he plans on hiding his true colors. Dennis asks what Shay is talking about; as his show doesn’t have tricks like that. "Trapeze Magician" laughs.
 
         On  Yuya's  TV, the flames of " Revolution Falcon " blast from its turbines.     
 Accelerating around a corner, Shay declares his turn and draws, adding the card to his hand before activating the effect of "Revolution Falcon". By using an Overlay Unit, he can attack all monsters his opponent controls once each. "Revolution Falcon" absorbs its Overlay Unit and spirals into the sky as Shay declares his Battle Phase and orders "Revolution Falcon" to attack "Trapeze Magician" first. Dennis comments that he said it's no good, and he accelerates to snatch up an Action Card. "Revolution Falcon" opens its hatches as Shay orders, " Revolutional Air Raid ", and it drops bombs from the sky. Dennis activates the Action Spell, " Battle Change ", allowing him to choose his opponent's attack targets. Shay is shocked, as Dennis switches the attack target to "Shadow Maker". Shay reminds Dennis that as he knows, when "Revolution Falcon" battles a Special Summoned monster, that ATK and  DEF  of that monster become zero. "Revolution Falcon" blasts flames from its turbines, reducing the ATK of "Shadow Maker" to zero. The bombs fall…but "Shadow Maker" transforms into an Overlay Unit and the bombs explode on the track. Dennis comments that it's too bad; he used "Shadow Maker" as an Overlay Unit for "Trapeze Magician" with the Pendulum Effect of "Performage Overlay Juggler". Yuya watches as Shay calls it a temporary measure, asking if Dennis forgot that Shay can attack all of his enemies. "Revolution Falcon" blasts more flames from its turbines that reduce the ATK of "Trapeze Magician" to zero. Shay declares "Revolutional Air Raid" again, and "Revolution Falcon" drops a second payload. Yuya begins to realize that the Duel is familiar, and Shay declares that he doesn't plan on enjoying any show with Dennis; to him, this is a battlefield. Yuya  remembers  "Revolution Falcon" bombing the Solid Vision " Neo Heartland City ", and he gasps that it's just like back then. 
 
         " Trapeze Magician " is destroyed.     
 Dennis reaches for an Action Card, but Shay decelerates and blocks him from getting the card. "Trapeze Magician" dives for the card itself, but the bombs hit, blasting the  Spellcaster  into the air and destroying it. Dennis screams his monster's name as its mask hits the ground and dissolves, the fragments floating back to Dennis. Melissa states that Dennis's  ace monster , "Trapeze Magician" has finally been destroyed, so now Dennis's LP will fall. But Dennis's LP doesn't change, much to Melissa and Shay's surprise. Dennis sadly explains that he activated the Action Spell, " Damage Banish ". "Trapeze Magician" gave it to Dennis in his last moments, and it reduced the battle damage that he took to zero. Shay observes that Dennis hung on by the skin of his teeth, but now his show is over. He activates the effect of the Continuous Trap "Target Flag", destroying it since "Trapeze Magician" left the field, and then forcing his opponent to reveal his hand.
 
         Dennis  reveals " Polymerization " to  Shay , blowing his cover.     
 Dennis frowns, and Shay tells Dennis to show them his true colors. Dennis holds up the "Polymerization" card, asking Shay if this is what he wanted to see. Roget muses, "Polymerization...", and Shay mutters that he knew it and he tells Dennis to go ahead and use that card. He Sets two cards face-down and ends his turn.
 Dennis comments that it's time to show Shay his ultimate entertainment. He returns "Polymerization" to his  Wrist Dealer , and then he darkly declares his turn and draws a card. He's drawn the Spell Card " Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion ", which he immediately activates. He sends "Polymerization" from his hand to the Graveyard and banishes Xyz Monsters from his Graveyard; "Trapeze Magician" and his three "Shadow Makers", a number equal to the number of  Fusion Materials  that he needs. Dennis then negates the effects and Summoning conditions of the Fusion Material Monsters in his Deck and Extra Deck and Special Summons them. He declares each of their names; " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", " Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", and " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", Special Summoning all four " Ancient Gear " monsters (close-up to Dennis while mentioning a Hunting Hounds is cut off from dub; he declares their names, when they are summoned). Yuya is shocked to see "Ancient Gear" monsters, and  Celina  rudely mutters "that other guy…" (in the dub, Yuya and Celina jointly declare that the "Ancient Gear" monsters were used by Obelisk Force). 
 
         Dennis  Summons " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ".     
 Dennis fuses all four "Ancient Gear" monsters and he chants, "Mechanized hound dogs that inherit the ancient soul! Merge those ten heads, unleash chaos and become tremendous strength!  Fusion Summon ! Appear now!  Level 10 !  Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ! ((Dub) "And if you think that's an impressive sight, then just wait till you see what happens after I take all 4 of my Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds and fuse them together! Once joined, they'll form an Ancient Gear of Goliath proportions! I Fusion Summon! The ground-shaking Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!")" The gigantic  Fusion Monster  appears in the sky and Melissa gasps that it's enormous, asking what it is. Zuzu is shocked that Dennis Summoned such a huge monster. Shay looks back, recognizing the monster from the  Invasion of Xyz Dimension . Multiple "Chaos Giants" marched through the burning city, and Shay himself fled from them (The flashback is shaded in purple in the dub). Dennis comments that it looks like Shay has seen the monster before, and Shay snaps that Dennis  is  from  Duel Academy . Yuya, Zuzu, Celina, and Riley are all shocked. Gael asks Declan what this means, and if he cares to explain. Declan asks the  High Council  what they expect him to say. Bordeaux points out that Duel Academy is their enemy, correct? Why is that enemy with Declan? Declan replies that he had considered the possibility that their enemy had wormed its way into the Lancers, but what about the Council? (In the dub, Declan does not claim that he considered that Dennis was a traitor). Roget watches as Melissa states that the monster is Level 10, a gigantic behemoth of a monster with 4500 ATK. 
 Dennis smiles and he coldly tells Shay to let the hunting game begin (in the dub, he asks Shay if he expected that).
 
 Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Dennis McField 
         Shay  vs.  Dennis , Take 2.     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Shay 
 Shay   Normal Summons  " Raidraptor - Skull Eagle " (1000/500). He activates " Raidraptor - Call ", which lets him  Special Summon  a  Level  3 or lower " Raidraptor "  monster  from his  Deck  with the same name as a monster he  controls . He Special Summons a second "Skull Eagle" (1000/500). Shay  overlays  his two Level 3 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle " (1000/0) in  Attack Position . As they were used as  Overlay Units , the  effects  of both "Skull Eagles" activate, increasing the  ATK  of the Xyz Summoned monster by 300 each ("Fiend Eagle": 1000 → 1600). Shay activates the effect of "Fiend Eagle",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  during either player's  turn  to inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to the ATK of a Special Summoned monster on the field. Shay chooses "Fiend Eagle" (Dennis: 4000 → 2400 LP). Shay's hand contains " Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force ", " Raidraptor - Reactor " and " Raidraptor - Target Flag ". Shay  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Dennis 
 Dennis   draws  " Polymerization ". He activates the effect of the " Performage Cup Tricker " in his hand, letting him detach an Overlay Unit from an Xyz Monster to Special Summon it (1200/1400) from his hand and decrease the ATK of the Xyz Monster by 600. He detaches an Overlay Unit from "Fiend Eagle" and Special Summons "Cup Tricker" in Attack Position ("Fiend Eagle": 1600 → 1000). He then activates " Magical Pendulum Box " letting him draw two cards and  reveal  them. If they are both  Pendulum Monsters , he will  add  them to his hand, but if either or both is not, they will both be  sent  to the  Graveyard . He draws " Performage Bonus Dealer " and " Performage Overlay Juggler ", which are both Pendulum Monsters. Dennis activates "Bonus Dealer" (   3) and "Overlay Juggler" (   6) in his  Pendulum Zones . Dennis  Pendulum Summons  " Performage Wind Drainer " (2100/0), " Performage Wing Sandwichman " (1800/2100) and " Performage Ball Balancer " (1000/1800) from his hand, all in Attack Position. He then activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Bonus Dealer", which lets him draw two cards if he Pendulum Summons three or more "Performage" or " Performapal " monsters at the same time. He draws " Performage Fire Dancer " and " Performage Magic Tactician ". He Normal Summons "Fire Dancer" (1400/1200). Dennis overlays the Level 4 "Fire Dancer" and "Ball Balancer" to Xyz Summon " Performage Trapeze Magician " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. He then overlays the Level 5 "Wind Drainer", "Wing Sandwichman", and "Cup Tricker" to Xyz Summon " Performage Shadow Maker " (2600/1000) in Attack Position.
 Dennis activates the effect of "Trapeze Magician", detaching an Overlay Unit to let a monster he controls  attack  twice during this turn's  Battle Phase . He targets "Shadow Maker". Because "Shadow Maker" was targeted by a card effect, Dennis activates its effect, detaching "Cup Tricker" to Special Summon another copy of "Shadow Maker" (2600/1000) from his  Extra Deck . As "Cup Tricker" was detached, its effect activates, which lets him  attach  an Overlay Unit he controls to a different Xyz Monster he controls. He attaches the Overlay Unit of the first "Shadow Maker" to the second one. Dennis activates the effect of "Trapeze Magician" again and targets the second copy of "Shadow Maker", letting it attack twice this turn. Because the second "Shadow Maker" was targeted by a card effect, Dennis activates its effect, detaching an Overlay Unit to Special Summon a third "Shadow Maker" (2600/1000) from his Extra Deck. "Trapeze Magician" attacks and  destroys  "Fiend Eagle" (Shay: 4000 → 2500 LP), but Shay activates his  face-down  "Raidraptor - Target Flag". This lets him draw and reveal a card, then target a monster his opponent controls. When that monster  leaves the field , his opponent must reveal his hand and all cards of the same type as what Shay drew will be destroyed. He draws a monster, " Raidraptor - Last Strix " and targets "Trapeze Magician". Shay then activates his face-down "Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force", allowing him to Special Summon an Xyz Monster from his Graveyard that was  destroyed by battle , then Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" monster whose  Rank  is double that of the Summoned monster, by using that monster as the Overlay Unit. He Special Summons "Fiend Eagle" and overlays it to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " (2000/3000) in Attack Position. As it was Xyz Summoned by using a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as an Overlay Unit, Shay activates the effect of "Revolution Falcon", destroying 1 monster his opponent controls and inflicting damage to him equal to half the ATK of that monster. He targets "Trapeze Magician", but Dennis activates the effect of the "Performage Magic Tactician" in his hand, sending it and 1 monster he controls to the Graveyard, and then changing the target to another appropriate monster he controls. He sends 1 "Shadow Maker" to the Graveyard and switches the target of the effect of "Revolution Falcon" to another "Shadow Maker". "Shadow Maker" is destroyed, with the effect of "Trapeze Magician" preventing Dennis from taking effect damage.
 Turn 3: Shay 
Shay activates the effect of "Revolution Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to allow it to attack all monsters Dennis control once each this turn. "Revolution Falcon" attacks "Trapeze Magician", but Dennis finds and activates the  Action Card  " Battle Change ", allowing him to change the attack target of each monster that Shay controls once per turn. He changes the attack target of "Revolution Falcon” to "Shadow Maker". Dennis then activates the Pendulum Effect of "Overlay Juggler", attaching "Shadow Maker" to "Trapeze Magician" as an Overlay Unit. A  replay  occurs and "Revolution Falcon" attacks "Trapeze Magician", its first effect reducing the  ATK  and  DEF  of "Trapeze Magician" to 0 as "Trapeze Magician" is a Special Summoned monster. ("Trapeze Magician": 2500/2000 → 0/0) Dennis attempts to grab an Action Card, but Shay blocks him. "Trapeze Magician" is destroyed, but its remains allow Dennis to find and activate the Action Card, " Damage Banish ", reducing the  battle damage  that he would have taken to 0. Since "Trapeze Magician" was destroyed, "Target Flag" is destroyed via its own effect and Dennis reveals his hand, which contains "Polymerization". Shay Sets two cards.
 Turn 4: Dennis 
Dennis draws " Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion " and subsequently activates it. By sending "Polymerization" from his hand to his Graveyard and selecting one " Ancient Gear "  Fusion Monster  in his  Extra Deck , he can  banish  monsters from his Graveyard that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck equal to the number of the selected Fusion Monster’s  Fusion Material  monsters, and then Special Summon those Fusion Material Monsters from his Deck, Extra Deck or Graveyard with their effects  negated , ignoring the Summoning conditions. Dennis banishes "Trapeze Magician" and all three copies of "Shadow Maker" from his Graveyard to Special Summon " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1000/1000) from his Deck and " Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1400/1000), " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1800/1000) and " Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (2800/2000) from his Extra Deck. The effect of "Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion" then sends the Special Summoned Fusion Materials to the Graveyard to  Fusion Summon  " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant " (4500/3000) in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Last Strix 
 Raidraptor - Skull Eagle  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle 
 Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Raidraptor - Call 
 Rank-Up-Magic Doom Double Force 
 Traps 
 Raidraptor - Reactor 
 Raidraptor - Target Flag 
 
 Dennis McField Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performage Ball Balancer 
 Performage Bonus Dealer 
 Performage Cup Tricker 
 Performage Fire Dancer 
 Performage Magic Tactician 
 Performage Overlay Juggler 
 Performage Wind Drainer 
 Performage Wing Sandwichman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Giant 
 Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Performage Shadow Maker  x3 
 Performage Trapeze Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion 
 Magical Pendulum Box 
 Polymerization 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle Change 
 Damage Banish 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Giant  x5 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 Damage Banish 
 Neo Heartland City 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force 
 Speed World Neo 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when  Shay  activates " Raidraptor Call " the card of " Raidraptor - Skull Eagle " is shown instead. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Un traître démasqué
 
 
  Italian 
 Traditore Smascherato
 
 
  Thai 
 หน้ากากของตัวตลก
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/ArcV_074.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160817235805', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/DennisShayStartLine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320022554', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/ShayRaidraptorCall.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320022618', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/DennisDrawsPolymerization.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320022720', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Dennis5Monsters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320022811', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/RaidraptorTargetFlag-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151031041126', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/YuyaTVRevolutionFalcon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320022832', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/TrapeezeDestroyed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320023103', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/DennisRevealsPolymerization.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160320023107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/AncientGearChaosGiant-JP-Anime-AV-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160612144356', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Dennis_VS_Shun.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150920133527', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes