Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tyranno_Hassleberry_(Duel_Links)


 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ティラノ剣山 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Tyranno Hassleberry Deck 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 David Wills 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroshi Shimozaki 
 
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  who appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Tyranno Hassleberry , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He is exclusive to the  special event   I've Got Dino DNA! Tyranno Hassleberry's Ultimate Evolution , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 During the special event, Dinosaur Fossils are required to Duel Tyranno Hassleberry at the  Gate . Otherwise, Yellow Gate Keys are required to duel Tyranno Hassleberry at the Gate.
 The special event Evolving Hassleberry has Hassleberry use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Ultimate Tyranno Hasselberry 
 
 3.2.5.1   Level 10-30 
 3.2.5.2   Level 40-60 
 3.2.5.3   Level 70-80 
 3.2.5.4   Level 90-100 
 
 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament 
 3.4   Fossil Dragon Resurrects! Jim "Crocodile" Cook 
 
 3.4.1   Level 20 
 3.4.2   Level 30 
 3.4.3   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 A student of the Ra Yellow dorm that first appeared during the second season of the anime and quickly became friends with the main cast. He is a dinosaur fanatic and loves anything with dinosaurs in it.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Tyranno Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Little D  x3 
 Mammoth Graveyard  x3 
 Anthrosaurus  x3 
 Trakodon  x3 
 Two-Mouth Darkruler  x3 
 Tomozaurus  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Anthrosaurus Deck! Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Anthrosaurus  x3 
 Little D  x3 
 Mammoth Graveyard  x2 
 Tomozaurus  x3 
 Two-Mouth Darkruler  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Ptera  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (3) 
 Traps 
 Hunting Instinct  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Babycerasaurus Deck! Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Trakodon  x3 
 Uraby 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus  x3 
 Black Ptera  x2 
 Gilasaurus 
 Mad Sword Beast  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (7) 
 Spells 
 Earthquake 
 Traps 
 Fossil Excavation  x2 
 Oops!  x3 
 Survival Instinct  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Dark Driceratops Deck! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Frostosaurus  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Veloci  x3 
 Dark Driceratops  x3 
 Gilasaurus  x3 
 Jurrac Protops  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill  x3 
 Living Fossil  x2 
 Tail Swipe 
 Level 40 
 
 Ultimate Tyranno Deck! Monsters  (20) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus  x2 
 Giant Rex  x3 
 Miscellaneousaurus  x3 
 Petiteranodon  x3 
 Souleating Oviraptor  x3 
 Super Conductor Tyranno  x2 
 Tyranno Infinity  x2 
 Ultimate Tyranno  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Fossil Dig 
 Lost World  x3 
 Tail Swipe 
 Traps 
 Fossil Excavation 
 Jurassic Impact 
 Survival Instinct  x2 
 Survival of the Fittest 
 Ultimate Tyranno Hasselberry 
 Level 10-30 
 Skill : Rampage (You always go second. You win the Duel before your normal draw on Turn 10)
 
 
 Natural Selection Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Anthrosaurus  x3 
 Two-Mouth Darkruler 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Ptera  x2 
 Evolsaur Vulcano  x3 
 Evoltile Gephyro  x2 
 Evoltile Lagosucho 
 Evoltile Odonto  x2 
 Evoltile Pleuro Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Evo-Force 
 Evo-Karma  x3 
 Primordial Soup 
 Level 40-60 
 Skills : Rampage (You always go second. You win the Duel before your normal draw on Turn 10) and Ultimate Evolution (During your Standby Phase, if you have low LP, add a copy of " Double Evolution Pill " to your hand)
 
 
 Progressive Evolution Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Tyranno 
 Evolsaur Vulcano  x3 
 Evoltile Gephyro  x3 
 Evoltile Elginero 
 Evoltile Lagosucho 
 Evoltile Pleuro 
 Mad Sword Beast  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Earthquake 
 Evo-Diversity 
 Evo-Force 
 Evo-Karma 
 Primordial Soup 
 Raise Body Heat 
 Traps 
 Evo-Branch 
 Evo-Instant 
 Level 70-80 
 Skills : Rampage (You always go second. You win the Duel before your normal draw on Turn 10) and Ultimate Evolution (During your Standby Phase, if you have low LP, add a copy of " Double Evolution Pill " to your hand)
 
 
 Superior Evolution Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Driceratops 
 Evolsaur Cerato 
 Evolsaur Darwino  x2 
 Evolsaur Diplo  x2 
 Evolsaur Terias  x2 
 Evoltile Casinerio  x2 
 Evoltile Elginero  x2 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill  x2 
 Evo-Force  x2 
 Tail Swipe 
 Traps 
 Evo-Instant  x2 
 Level 90-100 
 Skills : Rampage (You always go second. You win the Duel before your normal draw on Turn 10) and Ultimate Evolution (During your Standby Phase, if you have low LP, add a copy of " Double Evolution Pill " to your hand)
 
 
 Ultimate Evolution Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus 
 Evolsaur Cerato  x3 
 Evolsaur Diplo 
 Evolsaur Elias 
 Evolsaur Pelta 
 Evoltile Najasho  x2 
 Giant Rex  x3 
 Miscellaneousaurus 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Tyranno Infinity 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (9) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill 
 Evo-Diversity 
 Evo-Force 
 Evo-Price 
 Evo-Miracle 
 Fossil Dig 
 Living Fossil 
 Tail Swipe 
 Ultra Evolution Pill 
 Traps 
 Evo-Instant  x2 
 Evolutionary Bridge 
 Survival Instinct  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 The Ultimate Dino! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus 
 Gale Lizard 
 Black Stego 
 Hyper Hammerhead  x2 
 Giant Rex  x2 
 Miscellaneousaurus  x2 
 Souleating Oviraptor  x3 
 Ultimate Conductor Tyranno  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Earthquake 
 Foolish Burial 
 Fossil Dig  x2 
 Tail Swipe 
 Traps 
 Survival Instinct 
 Fossil Dragon Resurrects! Jim "Crocodile" Cook 
 Level 20 
 
 Progressive Evolution Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Tomozaurus  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus  x2 
 Black Ptera  x3 
 Dark Driceratops  x2 
 Gilasaurus  x2 
 Jurrac Ptera  x2 
 Mad Sword Beast  x2 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Spacetime Transcendence 
 Traps 
 Fossil Excavation 
 Survival Instinct 
 Level 30 
 
 Superior Evolution Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Driceratops 
 Evolsaur Cerato 
 Evolsaur Darwino  x2 
 Evolsaur Terias  x2 
 Evoltile Casinerio  x2 
 Evoltile Elginero  x2 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill  x2 
 Evo-Force  x2 
 Tail Swipe 
 Traps 
 Evo-Instant  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Ultimate Evolution Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Babycerasaurus 
 Evolsaur Cerato  x3 
 Evolsaur Diplo 
 Evolsaur Elias 
 Evolsaur Pelta 
 Evoltile Najasho  x2 
 Giant Rex  x3 
 Miscellaneousaurus 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Tyranno Infinity 
 Ultimate Tyranno Spells  (9) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Big Evolution Pill 
 Evo-Diversity 
 Evo-Force 
 Evo-Miracle 
 Evo-Price 
 Fossil Dig 
 Living Fossil 
 Tail Swipe 
 Ultra Evolution Pill 
 Traps 
 Evo-Instant  x2 
 Evolutionary Bridge 
 Survival Instinct  x2 
 
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Tyranno Hassleberry reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Evoltile Odonto "
 
 
 4
 
 Dino DNA! ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Tyranno Hassleberry)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Evo-Instant "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Tyranno Hassleberry)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Evolsaur Cerato "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Evoltile Odonto "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Dinosaur Kingdom ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ultra Evolution Pill "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Evo-Instant "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Evoltile Odonto 
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Unstoppable Dino Power ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Evoltile Westlo "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Ultra Evolution Pill "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Sauropod Brachion "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Tyranno Hassleberry)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Evo-Instant "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Evolsaur Cerato "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Big Evolution Pill "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Evolsaur Cerato "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Sauropod Brachion "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Tyranno Hassleberry)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Double Evolution Pill "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Tyranno Hassleberry, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Giant Rex "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Black Stego "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Miracle Jurassic Egg "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Volcanic Eruption "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Survival of the Fittest "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Frostosaurus "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Black Veloci "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Jurrac Protops "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Jurrac Spinos "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Little D "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Dino DNA!
 
 At the beginning of your turns, recover 200 Life Points.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Dinosaur Kingdom
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Jurassic World " activated.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Unstoppable Dino Power
 
 Increase the ATK/DEF of all Dinosaur-Type monsters you control by 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 New Ultra Evolution
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send 1  Winged Beast -Type monster you control (excluding Tokens) to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1  Dinosaur -Type monster from your hand (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned). This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 One with the Dinos
 
 Can be used on turn 3 and onward. Select 1 Level 7 or higher Dinosaur-Type monster you control. Its ATK/DEF becomes equal to your Life Points. If the selected monster leaves the field, you lose the Duel. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Survival of the Fittest
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000, if you have 3 or more " Evolution Pill " cards in your Deck. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random " Evolution Pill " card from your Deck. This Skill can be used twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Dino Within
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send 1  Reptile -Type monster you control (excluding Tokens) to the Graveyard, and Special Summon from your Deck, 1  Dinosaur -Type monster with the same Attribute as that monster in the Graveyard, but 3 Levels higher (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned). This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Hassleberry announces "I climbed the ranks - all thanks to you!" followed by "And I learned a few new tactics on the way, sarge!!"
 When he wins the Duel, Hassleberry says "I wouldn't have built a deck this might without your help!" followed by "I owe everything to ya, sarge!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Hassleberry says "You're a T-Rex compared to my plant munchin' Stegosaurus." 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When Hassleberry loses a Duel against  Alexis Rhodes , he says "You’re the scariest Duelist this side of the Rio Grande, ma’am!" 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Syrus Truesdale , Hassleberry announces "Listen up, private!" followed by "If I win, Jaden's MY wingman! Got that?"
 When he wins the Duel, Hassleberry says "You can leave the sarge's sidekick gig to me, junior! 
 When he loses the Duel, Hassleberry says "You sure showed backbone, Syrus!" 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 When starting a Duel with  Sartorius Kumar , Hassleberry announces "Fate? I'll worry about that gibberish after the war's over!"
 When he wins the Duel, Hassleberry says "This soldier isn't down with your destiny talk!" followed by "You think words can harm a Dino?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Hassleberry says "I don't believe in destiny..." followed by "But I'm still extinct." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Ultimate Tyranno ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry briefly appears, and he announces "Ultimate Tyranno! Join the front lines!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Ultimate Tyranno" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ultimate Tyranno" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Devour 'em! Ultimate Tyranno!" followed by "Absolute Bite!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Super Conductor Tyranno ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry briefly appears, and he announces "Super Conductor Tyranno is reporting for duty!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Super Conductor Tyranno!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Super Conductor Tyranno's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Ultimate Conductor Tyranno ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry briefly appears, and he announces "Set your binoculars on the apex predator!" followed by "I Special Summon Ultimate Conductor Tyranno!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ultimate Conductor Tyranno! Gooooo!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ultimate Conductor Tyranno activates it's effect!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Black Tyranno ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's do this, Black Tyranno!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Tyranno sink 'em!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black Tyranno's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Dark Driceratops ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry's face briefly appears, and he announces "Dark Driceratops, report to the field!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Driceratops! Attack!" followed by "Flying Phantom Nose Dive!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Frostosaurus ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry's face briefly appears, and he announces "Frostosaurus, Ten-Hut!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Put 'em on ice, Frostosaurus!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Sauropod Brachion ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry's face briefly appears, and he announces "Report for duty, Sauropod Brachion!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Engage the enemy Sauropod Brachion!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sauropod Brachion's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Super-Ancient Dinobeast ", a cut-in frame of Hassleberry's face briefly appears, and he announces "Super-Ancient Dinobeast hits the battelfield!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Super-Ancient Dinobeast! Lay on the hurt!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Super-Ancient Dinobeast's effect lets me draw a card!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Babycerasaurus ", he announces "This'll throw ya for a loop! Babycerasaurus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Babycerasaurus attacks!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Babycerasaurus's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Black Brachios ", he announces "Stomp on in, Black Brachios!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Black Brachios!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Black Brachios' effect!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Black Ptera ", he announces "Soar, Black Ptera!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Ptera, attack!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black Ptera's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Black Stego ", he announces "Here comes Black Stego!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Stego attacks!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black Stego's all about protection! When it's attacked, it switches to Defense Position!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Black Veloci ", he announces "Here's Black Veloci!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Veloci attacks!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Destroyersaurus ", he announces "Come on out, Destroyersaurus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Destroyersaurus!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Destroyersaurus' effect from my hand!" followed by "I add Jurassic World to my hand!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Element Saurus ", he announces "Element Saurus, report for duty!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strike 'em down, Element Saurus!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Giant Rex ", he announces "Giant Rex! You're up!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Giant Rex attacks!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Giant Rex's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Gilasaurus ", he announces "Gilasaurus! Front and center!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gilasaurus, do your duty!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gilasaurus lets ya Special Summon a monster from your grave!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Hyper Hammerhead ", he announces "I'm counting on ya, Hyper Hammerhead!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hyper Hammerhead, ram on through!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hyper Hammerhead's effect activates!" followed by "It sends the monster it battled back to the owner's hand!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Mad Sword Beast ", he announces "You won't stop my Mad Sword Beast!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mad Sword Beast, attack!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Megalosmasher X ", he announces "Let's go, Megalosmasher X!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Megalosmasher X! X 'em out!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Miracle Jurassic Egg ", he announces "Here's Miracle Jurassic Egg!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Miracle Jurassic Egg!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Miracle Jurassic Egg's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Miscellaneousaurus ", he announces "I believe in ya, Miscellaneousaurus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Miscellaneousaurus attacks!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Miscellaneousaurus's effect from my hand!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Miscellaneousaurus's effect activates from the graveyard!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Overtex Qoatlus ", he announces "I Special Summon Overtex Qoatlus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Overtex Qoatlus! Attack!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Overtex Qoatlus! Activate your effect!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Petiteranodon ", he announces "Swoop in, Petiteranodon!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Petiteranodon!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Petiteranodon's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Sabersaurus ", he announces "Front and centre, Sabersaurus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sabersaurus, attack!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Souleating Oviraptor ", he announces "Here comes Souleating Oviraptor!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Souleating Oviraptor! Charge!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Souleating Oviraptor's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Tyranno Infinity ", he announces "It's the start of a new era! Tyranno Infinity!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tyranno Infinity attacks!" followed by "Infinity Fang!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Hassleberry activates " Big Evolution Pill ", he announces "I Tribute a Dinosaur to activate Big Evolution Pill!" followed by "With this in play, I can summon Dinos without Tributing!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Double Evolution Pill ", he announces "Here's the Spell Card, Double Evolution Pill!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Earthquake ", he announces "Brace yourself! I activate the Spell Card, Earthquake!" followed by "Every face-up monster is forced into Defense Position!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Fossil Dig ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Fossil Dig!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Fossil Excavation ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Fossil Excavation!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Hunting Instinct ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Hunting Instinct!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Jurassic Impact ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Jurassic Impact!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Jurassic World ", he announces "It's the dawn of the dinos! I activate Jurassic World!" followed by "This here's the definition of terrain advantage!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Living Fossil ", he announces "I activate my Equip-Spell, Living Fossil!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Lost World ", he announces "I invite ya to the land where dinos never went extinct!" followed by "I activate the Field Spell, Lost World!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "Lost World's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Raise Body Heat ", he announces "I activate the Equip-Spell, Raise Body Heat!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Seismic Shockwave ", he announces "Seismic Shockwave's effect!" followed by "I return a Dinosaur in my Graveyard to my hand!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Spacetime Transcendence ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Spacetime Transcendence!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Survival's End ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Survival's End!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "I activate Survival's End's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Survival Instinct ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Survival Instinct!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Survival of the Fittest ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Survival of the Fittest!"
 When Tyranno activates the effect of that card, he announces "Survival of the Fittest let's my dinosaur attack again!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Tail Swipe ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Tail Swipe!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Ultra Evolution Pill ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ultra Evolution Pill!" followed by "It evolves Reptiles into Dinos in a snap!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Volcanic Eruption ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Volcanic Eruption!" followed by "The molten lava destroys all cards on the field!" 
 When Hassleberry activates " Wasteland ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Wasteland!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Hassleberry Summons " Dark Tyranno ", he announces "Come on, Dark Tyranno!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Tyranno! Attack! Rex Bomber!" 
 When Hassleberry activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Tyranno's effect activates!" 
 When Hassleberry Summons "Spacesaurus", he announces "If dinosaurs can evolve into birds, birds can evolve too, and fly into space! Like my Spacesaurus!"
 Most of the time when Hassleberry declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Spacesaurus, show 'em your dino domination! Blast 'em!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Hassleberry activates " Jurrac Impact ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Jurrac Impact!" followed by "All cards on the field are extinct!" 
 Trivia 
 Tyranno Hassleberry and  Blair Flannigan  are the Legendary Duelists who have a deck of cards that exceed the average number of cards in a deck: 20. This is due to their respective Roaming Duelist Decks, "Ultimate Tyranno Deck!" and "A Maiden's Promise", being comprised of 30 cards. 
 While Hassleberry has character-specific dialogue for  Sartorius Kumar , his dialogue becomes generic when dueling against Prophetic Sartorius. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Sera ,  Aigami ,  Prana ,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar, Blair Flannigan, Yusei Fudo,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Hassleberry's dialogue for such cards include: " Dark Tyranno " and "Spacesaurus". 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz  - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo  - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM)  - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor  - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry
 For reasons unknown, when dueling against "Evolved Hassleberry", he is labeled as "Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry", which is the same name as Hassleberry's enhanced counterpart that appears during his unlock event. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers,  Espa Roba , and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi, Arkana, Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM)- Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor, Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 v e 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Tyranno Kenzan) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/TyrannoHassleberry-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/342?cb=20190604220457', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Profile-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest?cb=20181217025948', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Icon-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest?cb=20181217031636', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Icon-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry2.png/revision/latest?cb=20181217031746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Chibi-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132740', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/CutIn-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181218011624', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Summoning-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181217031516', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Defeat-DULI-TyrannoHassleberry.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181217030420', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Tyranno Hassleberry pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters