Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Blair_Flannigan_(Duel_Links)


 
 Blair Flannigan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Blair Flannigan 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Liza Jacqueline 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Eri Sendai 
 
 
 
 Blair Flannigan  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Blair Flannigan , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 She was exclusive to the  special event   Blair Flannigan's Maiden in Love , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event. However, as of July 28, 2020, she is now unlockable via Character Unlock missions.
 Red Gate Keys are required to duel Blair at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As a big fan of Zane Truesdale Blair wanted to go to the same school as him. But there's one problem:She's too young to enroll. Therefore, she wore a disguise to enter Duel Academy before she was old enough to attend. Though she was caught and forced to leave. Blair was able to re-enroll after finishing 2nd in the GX Tournament. And along the way, her eyes switched from Zane to a different target. With her "Maiden of Love" card, she hopes her crush on Jaden comes to fruition.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Blair Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 LaMoon 
 Muse-A  x3 
 Wing Egg Elf  x3 
 Tenderness  x3 
 Petit Angel  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Maiden in Love  (glossy) Spells  (2) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Cupid's Kiss 
 Happy Marriage 
 Traps 
 Defense Maiden 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 A Maiden's Crush Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Wing Egg Elf  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Muse-A  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Maiden in Love  x3 
 Outstanding Dog Marron  x2 Spells   &  Traps  (6) 
 Traps 
 Jar of Greed  x2 
 Beckoning Light 
 Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment  x2 
 Pikeru's Second Sight 
 Level 20 
 
 A Maiden's Magic Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apprentice Piper  x3 
 Ebon Magician Curran  x3 
 Maiden in Love  x3 
 Pixie Knight  x2 
 White Magician Pikeru  x3 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Defense Maiden  x2 
 Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment 
 Pikeru's Second Sight 
 Level 30 
 
 A Maiden's Spirit Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer 
 Avalanching Aussa 
 Blazing Hiita 
 Eria the Water Charmer 
 Hiita the Fire Charmer 
 Lyna the Light Charmer 
 Maiden in Love  x3 
 Raging Eria 
 Storming Wynn 
 Wynn the Wind Charmer Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Cupid Kiss  x2 
 One-Shot Wand  x2 
 Traps 
 A Rival Appears!  x2 
 Defense Maiden  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 A Maiden's Promise Monsters  (20) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Celestia, Lightsworn Angel 
 Gragonith, Lightsworn Dragon 
 Jain, Lightsworn Paladin  x3 
 Jenis, Lightsworn Mender 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner  x2 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress  x2 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter 
 Wulf, Lightsworn Beast  x2 
 Familiar-Possessed - Lyna  x2 
 Lyna the Light Charmer  x2 
 Maiden in Love  x3 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Charge of the Light Brigade 
 Cupid Kiss  x2 
 Happy Marriage  x3 
 Lightsworn Sabre 
 Solar Recharge  x2 
 Traps 
 Glorious Illusion 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Blair Flannigan, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Maiden in Love "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Herald of Green Light "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cupid's Kiss "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Jenis, Lightsworn Mender "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Happy Marriage "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Defense Maiden "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Wing Egg Elf "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Muse-A "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Blair Flannigan reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Pikeru's Second Sight "
 
 
 4
 
 Maiden of Iron ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Blair Flannigan)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Jain, Twilightsworn General "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Blair Flannigan)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Mutually Affured Destruction "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Pikeru's Second Sight "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Attack Charge ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Punishment Dragon "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Jain, Twilightsworn General "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Maiden in Action ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Mutually Affured Destruction "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Punishment Dragon "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Blair Flannigan)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Pikeru's Second Sight "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Ryko, Twilightsworn Fighter "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of  " Mutually Affured Destruction "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gem
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Jain, Twilightsworn General "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Punishment Dragon "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Blair Flannigan)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Twilight Eraser "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Maiden of Iron
 
 Halve the battle damage you take from battles involving "Maiden in Love".
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Maiden in Action
 
 When you take control of an opponent's monster with the effect of "Cupid's Kiss", gain Life Points equal to the ATK of the monster you took control of.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Fairy's Smile
 
 If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 1000 Life Points.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Happily Ever After
 
 Can be used if you control exactly 1 "Maiden in Love" that you are the original owner of, and 1 monster that your opponent is the original owner of. Equip 1 "Happy Marriage" from your Deck to "Maiden in Love", and wed the 2 monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Maiden in Love
 
 Select one or more monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of "Maiden in Love" cards you control; then place 1 "Maiden Counter" on each monster you selected. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Only You
 
 Select 1 "Maiden in Love" you control; during your opponent's next turn, as long as this "Maiden in Love" remains in face-up Attack Position, the opponent can only attack this card. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card.
 This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Blair announces "I can't believe I get to Duel my prince!"
 When she wins the Duel, Blair says "That's game!" followed by "Thanks for getting your game on, sweetie!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Blair says "This Duel is great! That's why you're my Jaden!" 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Blair announces "Let's Duel, Chazz-ball!"
 When she loses the Duel, Blair says "I let this guy defeat me? Sigh... I'm the worst." 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , Blair announces "Alexis, I definitely don't want to lose against you!"
 When she wins the Duel, Blair says "I win, Alexis." followed by "That means Jaden's mine, not yours!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Blair says "Seems you're my rival both on and off the field." followed by "And I won't let you get rid of me that easily!" 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Zane Truesdale , Blair announces "I've come a long way to Duel you, Zane!"
 When she loses wins the Duel, Blair says "I like your new look, Zane!" followed by "But Jaden is still the one for me!" 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dr. Vellian Crowler , Blair announces "I'm ready to study super hard, Dr. Crowler!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Blair Summons " Maiden in Love ", a cut-in frame of Blair briefly appears, and she announces "Get ready to fall head over heels!" followed by "Because here's Maiden in Love!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Spread the love, my Maiden!" followed by "Total Devotion!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Maiden in Love's effect activates!" followed by "I place a Maiden Counter on the monster that attacked her!" 
 When Blair Summons " The Unhappy Girl ", a cut-in frame of Blair's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come on out, The Unhappy Girl!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Unhappy Girl! Attack!" 
 When Blair Summons " Aussa the Earth Charmer ", she announces "Aussa the Earth Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Aussa the Earth Charmer attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Aussa the Earth Charmer takes control of an EARTH monster!" 
 When Blair Summons " Avalanching Aussa ", she announces "Avalanching Aussa!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Avalanching Aussa attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Avalanching Aussa's effect!" 
 When Blair Summons " Blazing Hiita ", she announces "Blazing Hiita!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blazing Hiita attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Blazing Hiita's effect!" 
 When Blair Summons " Dharc the Dark Charmer ", she announces "Dharc the Dark Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Dharc the Dark Charmer!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Dharc the Dark Charmer takes control of a DARK monster!" 
 When Blair Summons " Ebon Magician Curran ", she announces "Ebon Magician Curran! I'm counting on you!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go get 'em, Ebon Magician Curran!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Ebon Magician Curran's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Eria the Water Charmer ", she announces "Eria the Water Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Eria the Water Charmer attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Eria the Water Charmer takes control of a WATER monster!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Aussa ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Aussa!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Aussa attacks!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Dharc ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Dharc!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Familiar-Possessed Dharc attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Dharc's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Eria ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Eria!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Familiar-Possessed - Eria!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Hiita ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Hiita!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Familiar-Possessed - Hiita!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Lyna ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Lyna!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Familiar-Possessed - Lyna!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Lyna's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Familiar-Possessed - Wynn ", she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Wynn!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Familiar-Possessed - Wynn attacks!" 
 When Blair Summons " Lamb Token ", she announces "I Special Summon a Lamb Token!" 
 When Blair Summons " Lyna the Light Charmer ", she announces "Lyna the Light Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lyna the Light Charmer, attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Lyna the Light Charmer takes control of a LIGHT monster!!" 
 When Blair Summons " Hiita the Fire Charmer ", she announces "Hiita the Fire Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Blaze 'em, Hiita the Fire Charmer!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Hiita the Fire Charmer takes control of a FIRE monster!" 
 When Blair Summons " Outstanding Dog Marron ", she announces "Let's go, Outstanding Dog Marron!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Outstanding Dog Marron! Puppy Pounce!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Outstanding Dog Marron's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Raging Eria ", she announces "Raging Eria!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Raging Eria attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Raging Eria's effect!" 
 When Blair Summons " Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter ", she announces "Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Storming Wynn ", she announces "Storming Wynn!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Storming Wynn attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Storming Wynn's effect!" 
 When Blair Summons " White Magician Pikeru ", she announces "White Magician Pikeru! You're up!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "White Magician Pikeru! Attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "White Magician Pikeru's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Wing Egg Elf ", she announces "Wing Egg Elf!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Wing Egg Elf!" 
 When Blair Summons " Wynn the Wind Charmer ", she announces "Wynn the Wind Charmer!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Wynn the Wind Charmer, blow 'em away!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Wynn the Wind Charmer takes control of a WIND monster!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Blair activates " A Rival Appears! ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, A Rival Appears!!" 
 When Blair activates " Beckoning Light ", she announces "Here's my Trap Card, Beckoning Light!" 
 When Blair activates " Cupid's Kiss ", she announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Cupid's Kiss!"
 When Blair activates the effect of that card, Blair announces "Cupid's Kiss's effect activates!" 
 When Blair activates " Dark Spirit Art - Greed ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Dark Spirit Art - Greed!" 
 When Blair activates " Defense Maiden ", she announces "I activate the Trap Card, Defense Maiden!" 
 When Blair activates " Happy Marriage ", she announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Happy Marriage!" followed by "Watch what happens when my monsters say "I do!"" 
 When Blair activates " Monster Reincarnation ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Monster Reincarnation!" 
 When Blair activates " Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment!" 
 When Blair activates " Pikeru's Second Sight ", she announces "You can't hide your secrets from me! Pikeru's Second Sight!" 
 When Blair activates " Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane!" 
 When Blair activates " Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Spiritual Light Art - Hijiri!" 
 When Blair activates " Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi!" 
 When Blair activates " Stray Lambs ", she announces "I activate my Spell, Stray Lambs!" 
 When Blair activates  Where Arf Thou? ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Where Arf Thou?!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Baby Dragon ", she announces "Mystic Baby Dragon, come out and play!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Baby Dragon, attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Baby Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Baby Knight ", she announces "Here's Mystic Baby Knight!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Baby Knight, attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Baby Knight's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Baby Magician ", she announces "Here comes Mystic Baby Magician!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Mystic Baby Magician!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Baby Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Dragon ", she announces "Mystic Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Dragon, attack!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Egg ", she announces "Here's the mysterious Mystic Egg!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Egg attacks! Bon appetit!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "There's more inside of Mystic Egg than just yolk!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Knight ", she announces "Mystic Knight!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Knight attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Knight's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Mystic Magician ", she announces "Mystic Magician!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Mystic Magician attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Mystic Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Princess Curran ", she announces "I Special Summon Princess Curran!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Princess Curran attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Princess Curran's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Princess Pikeru ", she announces "I Special Summon Princess Pikeru!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Princess Pikeru attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Princess Pikeru's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " Sheep Token ", she announces "I Special Summon a Sheep Token!" 
 When Blair Summons " Spike Egg ", she announces "Spike Egg!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Spike Egg! Take a crack at 'em!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Spike Egg's effect activates!" 
 When Blair Summons " The Unhappy Maiden ", she announces "Let's go, The Unhappy Maiden!"
 Most of the time when Blair declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Unhappy Maiden attacks!" 
 When Blair activates the effect of that monster, she announces "The Unhappy Maiden's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Blair activates " Awakening of the Possessed ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Awakening of the Possessed!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Blair announces "Due to Awakening of the Possessed's effect, I draw one card!" 
 When Blair activates " Mystic Revolution ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card, Mystic Revolution!" 
 When Blair activates " Scapegoat ", she announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Scapegoat!" 
 When Blair activates " Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Spiritual Fire Art - Kurenai!" 
 When Blair activates " Spiritual Water Art - Aoi ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Spiritual Water Art - Aoi!" 
 When Blair activates " Trial of the Princesses ", she announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Trial of the Princesses!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Blair announces "By overcoming the trial, my monster becomes a princess!" 
 When Blair activates " Unpossessed ", she announces "My Continuous Trap, Unpossessed!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Blair announces "Due to Unpossessed's effect, I Special Summon a monster!" 
 Trivia 
 Some of the cards for which Blair has card-specific dialogue, such as the  Lightsworn  archetype, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to her video game counterpart ( Tag Force ) using those said cards. 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  and Blair Flannigan are the Legendary Duelists who have a Deck of cards that exceed the average number of cards in a Deck: 20. This is due to their respective Roaming Duelist Decks, "Ultimate Tyranno Deck!" and "A Maiden's Promise", being comprised of 30 cards. 
 Ishizu Ishtar ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Sera ,  Scud ,  Prana , Blair Flannigan, and  Carly Carmine  are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 Yuma and Astral ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Jack Atlas ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Blair Flannigan,  Leo ,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Aigami , Sera, Prana,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry,  Sartorius Kumar , Blair Flannigan, Yusei Fudo, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Blair's dialogue for such cards include: " Mystic Baby Dragon ", "Mystic Baby Knight", "Mystic Knight", "Mystic Baby Magician", " Mystic Dragon ", "Mystic Egg", "Mystic Knight", "Mystic Magician", " Mystic Revolution ", and " Spike Egg ". 
 v e 
 Blair Flannigan  (Rei Saotome) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/BlairFlannigan-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/301?cb=20200130030515', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/59/Profile-DULI-BlairFlannigan.png/revision/latest?cb=20191213142554', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b0/Icon-DULI-BlairFlannigan.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524133226', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/Icon-DULI-BlairFlannigan2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524141907', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/CutIn-DULI-BlairFlannigan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20191213142701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Summoning-DULI-BlairFlannigan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200303052004', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Defeat-DULI-BlairFlannigan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200303051923', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Blair Flannigan pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters