Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Millennium_Rod

      Millennium Rod     
 The  Millennium Rod  ( 千 年 ロッド [1] [2] [Note 1]   Sennen Roddo ; or  千 年 錫 杖 [3] [Note 2]   Sennen Shakujō  in the  Millennium World arc ) is a  Millennium Item .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 
 1.1   Ancient Egypt 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Notes 
 4   References 
 
 
 History 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Priest Seto  had originally owned the Millennium Rod. Along with the other Items, it was used to resurrect  Zorc Necrophades .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 One faction of the  Tomb Keepers  watched over the Rod, along with the  Millennium Necklace .
 Upon  Yami Marik's  awakening, he took the Millennium Rod and used the blade to kill his  father  (skinning his back off in the manga, stabbing him to death in the Japanese anime, and sending him to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub). After that,  Marik  took the Rod to assist him in his quest for world domination. He stated that after he gets his revenge, the Rod would be useless to him, and that he would have no qualms of giving it to  Yami Bakura . A false Millennium Rod was created and given to  Odion Ishtar , who was disguising himself as Marik at the time, in order to play his role more realistically. While Odion wielded the false item, Marik (under the pseudonym "Namu") utilized the real Rod's powers in secret, to make it look like Odion is the wielder of the item. When Odion played a  false   God Card   Ra , it incurred the Gods' wrath. It caused a lightning bolt to strike down Odion, shattering the false Millennium Rod, revealing Odion's true identity.
 In  Seto Kaiba 's Duel with  Ishizu Ishtar , the Millennium Rod showed Kaiba a vision of  his past incarnation  and the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", which convinced him to summon the latter monster instead of attacking with  Obelisk the Tormentor  (which would have caused him to  lose the Duel ). This is because it was originally owned by the Egyptian  Priest Seto , of whom Kaiba is a reincarnation.
 After Marik's defeat at  Battle City , he gave the Millennium Rod to  Yugi . After the  Ceremonial Battle , the Rod and the other  Millennium Items  fell underground.
 
" Ma'at " wields a staff made up of the Rod and the  Millennium Key .       The Millennium Rod in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories .     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories , the Rod is shaped and colored slightly different. It is also owned by Kaiba in the modern day instead of Marik.
 
 Abilities 
 This item's unique ability grants the holder the power to control minds by turning people into slaves under the user's control. By extension, it is also capable of mind manipulation, allowing the owner to see and hear everything they do, telepathically communicate with others, look into their memories, trick their minds into believing what the Rod's owner wants them to, render people unconscious, and leave portions of the owner's mind in people to control them even without the item, like how Marik did with  Bakura Ryou  and  Téa Gardner . However, its mind control powers do not affect those who own or are connected to the Millennium Items, like  Yugi Muto ,  Yami Bakura ,  Seto Kaiba , or  Ishizu Ishtar  before she gave her item to Yugi. Also, if the victim has an enormous force of will, its mind control spell can be broken.
 Like the other Millennium Items, its power over  Shadow Games  allows it to materialize and command  Duel Monsters  and their  effects  and cast  Penalty Games  against the loser. Yami Marik's games created through this item have been brutal and damaging, like memory destruction, pain-inducing, and shadow-consuming punishments.
 In the Virtual World arc, Yami Marik could use the Rod to use other abilities like telekinetic forces to attack or immobilize opponents and lightning attacks to destroy guard robots and machinery in  Noah 's undersea fortress. A victory Duel is not required to use these abilities.
 When Priest Seto used the Rod, its unique ability was to seal spirit monsters inside stone tablets.
 There is also a short blade concealed in the bottom of the Rod, but this was only seen in the Japanese anime and manga. The shaft of the Rod acts as the sheath. This is removed in the English dub. In the Japanese version, this knife was used for the  Ishtar  clan for carving the symbols on their firstborn male heir's back.  Marik Ishtar  was one of the many to endure this painful ritual against his will, which gave birth to his dark side,  Yami Marik .
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Sometimes explanatorily spelt  千 年 錫杖 . 
 
 ↑   Shakujō  strictly means " khakkara ". 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2000-05-03). " 遊闘 155  千年の闘い ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  18 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872860-2 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 281  超古代遺物 の 真 実 ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 283  選 ばれし６ 神 官 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Millennium Items Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Scale 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Rod 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Movies 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Quantum Cube 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/MillenniumRod.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20211201145753', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/MillenniumItemCardVG-FMR-Rod.png/revision/latest?cb=20080704010106']
Categories: Millennium Items