Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_014


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 014 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ  サイコショッカー！？ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Saiko Shokkā!? 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Psycho Shocker!? 
 
 
 English 
 A Spirit Summoned 
 
 
 Number 
 014 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 5, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 28, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " 
 " Courting Alexis " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Spirit Summoned ", known as " VS Psycho Shocker!? " in the Japanese version, is the fourteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 5, 2005 and in the United States on October 28, 2005.
 A group of three students manage to summon the  spirit  of " Jinzo ", which attempts to gather souls for its own resurrection.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki vs. Jinzo 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
       Torrey  collapses through the door of  Slifer Red .     
 Winter vacation at  Duel Academy  has begun, and most of the students have gone home. For those that stayed, there are no classes, so they can Duel whenever and wherever they want.  Chumley Huffington  and  Professor Banner  sit in the dining hall of the  Slifer Red  dorm, watching  Syrus Truesdale  and  Jaden Yuki  Duel. Jaden  Summons  " Elemental Hero Clayman ", while Syrus has " Cycroid " and " Gyroid " out. In the forests, an  Obelisk Blue  student,  Torrey  is running and calling for help, screaming that his friends have been taken. He collapses through the door into the room that the others occupy. Jaden walks over to him and says how it looks like Torrey has just seen a ghost. Torrey then states that the spirit of " Jinzo " has taken his friends.
 
       Torrey  and his two friends before contacting  Jinzo     
 Torrey explains that he and two of his fellow Obelisk Blue students (Isaka and Mukouda in the Japanese version—both go unnamed in the English version) have begun an attempt to contact  Duel Spirits . After several failures, they succeed in contacting the  spirit  of "Jinzo", who told them it would need three sacrifices in order to manifest itself. Assuming that Jinzo meant cards, they agree. His friends disappear one by one, and Torrey realizes that Jinzo had meant three  people  when referring to the sacrifice, and that he must be next. He attempted to leave the island on a ferry, but could see Jinzo waiting for him on board, dressed in a trenchcoat and hat. The lights in the dorm suddenly all fail, and Jinzo appears, grabbing Torrey and running off. The others give chase, and track him to the island's central power supply station. Jinzo appears, and Jaden offers himself as a sacrifice in place of Torrey and his friends, on the condition that he and Jinzo Duel first, with everyone going free if Jaden wins, and Jaden becoming the third sacrifice if he loses. Jinzo agrees, and begins his turn. Lacking a  Duel Disk , he uses the electric power surrounding him to manifest cards for himself, with his hand appearing in front of him, similar to Duels that utilized  the original version of the Duel Disk  in the  second series anime . He Summons " Malice Doll of Demise " and then activates " Ectoplasmer ", a  Continuous Spell Card  that forces both players to  Tribute  monsters during their respective  End Phases  to inflict damage to the opponent equal to half of the monster's  ATK . Jinzo does so with "Malice Doll of Demise", inflicting 800 damage to Jaden.
 
       " Elemental Hero Sparkman " and " Emissary of the Afterlife " battle.     
 Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Avian " and then  Sets  four cards. He then  activates  " Mirage of Nightmare ", which will let him  draw  until he has four cards in his hand during Jinzo's  Standby Phases , but he must  discard  an equal number of cards during his next Standby Phase. He attacks  directly  with "Avian", and is then forced to Tribute it with "Ectoplasmer", dealing a total of 1500 damage. Jinzo begins his turn. "Malice Doll of Demise"  Special Summons  itself from the  Graveyard  via its own effect during his Standby Phase. "Mirage of Nightmare" then activates, letting Jaden draw until he has four cards. He then plays his face-down " Emergency Provisions ", sending "Mirage" to the Graveyard and gaining 1000  LP , while also circumventing the negatve effect of "Mirage of Nightmare" that would trigger during his own Standby Phase. Jinzo Summons " Emissary of the Afterlife " and wages a direct attack with it, but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges ", resulting in " Elemental HERO Sparkman " being Special Summoned from his hand. Jinzo opts to attack it with "Emissary of the Afterlife", destroying both monsters, but triggering the effect of his own, allowing both players to add a  Level  3 or lower  Normal Monster  from their  Decks  to their hands. Jinzo selects " Thousand Eyes Idol ", while Jaden chooses " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ". Jinzo attacks directly with "Malice Doll of Demise", and then Tributes it with "Ectoplasmer" to inflict another 800 damage. At this point, the lower half of Jaden's body has become transparent. Jinzo informs him that because he's lost over half of his LP, half of his body has essentially already been sacrificed.
 
         " Jinzo " is Summoned.     
 Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman " and then  equips  him with his face-down " Clay Wrap ". He then uses " Polymerization ",  fusing  it with "Burstinatrix" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster ". This sends "Clay Wrap" to the Graveyard, which lets Jaden destroys one  Spell  or  Trap Card  on the field. He chooses "Ectoplasmer". Jaden attacks directly, leaving Jinzo with only 500 LP. Jaden then Sets a card. Jinzo draws, stating that the time for his resurrection has come. "Malice Doll of Demise" is Special Summoned from the Graveyard via its own effect, and Jinzo Tributes it to Summon  itself . He vanishes and then reappears on the field, in front of his cards. He states that his resurrection won't be truly complete until Jaden is sacrificed. He destroys "Rampart Blaster" using his own attack. Chumley comments that with "Jinzo" on the field, neither player will be able to activate Traps. Jaden Summons " Wroughtweiler " and ends his turn. Jinzo begins his next turn, Summoning " Spirit Caller ". He destroys "Wroughtweiler" himself, letting Jaden add "Clayman" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. He attacks directly with "Spirit Caller" and then equips himself with " Amplifier ", which causes his own effect to target only Jaden, meaning Jinzo may still activate Traps. 
 
         The aftermath of  Jinzo's  defeat.     
 Jaden plays " Pot of Greed " and Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", which he then equips with " Bubble Blaster ". Jaden attacks "Spirit Caller", but Jinzo activates his face-down " Spirit Barrier ", allowing him to  negate   Battle Damage  so long as he controls at least one monster. Jaden plays " Fairy of the Spring ", adding "Clay Wrap" from his Graveyard to his hand, before setting a card to end his turn. Jinzo attacks "Bubbleman", but its destruction as well as the Battle Damage is negated when Jaden sends "Bubble Blaster" to the Graveyard. Jinzo Sets a card. Jaden draws " Winged Kuriboh " and  its spirit  appears next to him, with Jaden saying that it, unlike Jinzo, does not need sacrifice to power itself, as it is linked to Jaden's own heart. He then Summons "Clayman" and equips it with "Clay Wrap", before fusing it with "Bubbleman" in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Mudballman ". With "Clay Wrap" sent to the Graveyard, Jaden destroys "Amplifier", whose own effect takes "Jinzo" with it. Jinzo disappears, but its spirit possesses the unconscious body of Torrey to continue the Duel. He activates his face-down " Call of the Haunted " in an attempt to Special Summon his own card from the Graveyard, but Jaden counters with his face-down " Solemn Judgement ",  paying  half of his LP to negate the effect. Following that, he attacks directly with "Mudballman", winning the Duel. The ensuing explosion of energy knocks everyone backwards, but when they come to, Torrey and both of his friends are alive and well.
 
 Featured Duels 
 
 These Duels uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Jaden Yuki vs. Syrus Truesdale 
 Duel  already in progress.  Syrus  controls " Gyroid " (1000/1000) and " Cycroid " (800/1000) while  Jaden  controls no cards.
 Jaden's turn 
Jaden  Normal Summons  " Elemental HERO Clayman " (800/2000) in  Attack Position . "Clayman"  attacks  and  destroys  one of Syrus'  monsters [Notes 1] .
 The Duel gets canceled at this point due to  Torrey  walking into the Slifer Dorm and collapsing onto the ground.
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Jinzo 
 Turn 1: Jinzo 
 Jinzo   draws . He then  Normal Summons  " Malice Doll of Demise " (1600/1700) in  Attack Position . Jinzo then  activates  " Ectoplasmer ". Now both players must  Tribute  one  monster  they  control  during their respective  End Phases  to inflict  damage  to their opponent equal to half of the Tributed monster's  ATK . On Jinzo's End Phase, the  effect  of "Ectoplasmer" activates and he Tributes "Malice Doll of Demise" for its effect (Jaden: 4000 → 3200 LP).
 Turn 2: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws " Mirage of Nightmare ", while his  hand  contains " Emergency Provisions ", " Polymerization ", " A Hero Emerges ", " Clay Wrap " and " Elemental HERO Avian ". Jaden Normal Summons "Avian" (1000/1000) in Attack Position and  Sets  four cards. He then activates "Mirage of Nightmare". Now during each of Jinzo's  Standby Phases , Jaden can draw cards until he has four cards in his hand, but during each of Jaden's Standby Phases, he must  discard  the same number of cards he drew via "Mirage of Nightmare". "Avian"  attacks   directly  (Jinzo: 4000 → 3000 LP). On Jaden's End Phase, the effect of "Ectoplasmer" activates and Jaden Tributes "Avian" for its effect (Jinzo: 3000 → 2500 LP).
 Turn 3: Jinzo 
Jinzo draws. On Jinzo's Standby Phase, "Malice Doll of Demise" (1600/1700) is  Special Summoned  from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position via its own effect as it was sent to the Graveyard via the effect of a  Continuous Spell Card . At the same time, the effect of "Mirage of Nightmare" then activates, allowing Jaden to draw four cards (" Elemental HERO Sparkman ", " Draining Shield ", " Elemental HERO Clayman ", and " Wroughtweiler "). Jaden then activates his  face-down  "Emergency Provisions" to send "Mirage of Nightmare" to the Graveyard and gain 1000  LP  (Jaden: 3200 → 4200 LP). Jinzo then Normal Summons " Emissary of the Afterlife " (1600/1600) in Attack Position. 
 "Emissary of the Afterlife" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges " to force Jinzo to  select  a card in Jaden's hand. If it's a monster, Jaden can Special Summon it. Jinzo selects a card and Jaden reveals it to be "Sparkman". Because of that, Jaden Special Summons "Sparkman" (1600/1400) in Attack Position. 
 A  replay  occurs and Jinzo uses "Emissary of the Afterlife" to attack "Sparkman", causing both monsters to be destroyed in a  Double KO . Since "Emissary of the Afterlife" was sent from the field to the Graveyard, its effect activates, letting both players select a  Level  3 or lower  Normal Monster  from their  Decks  and  add  it to their hand. Jinzo adds " Thousand-Eyes Idol " to his hand, while Jaden adds " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " to his hand. "Malice Doll of Demise" attacks directly (Jaden: 4200 → 2600 LP). On Jinzo's End Phase, the effect of "Ectoplasmer" activates and Jinzo Tributes "Malice Doll of Demise" for its effect (Jaden: 2600 → 1800 LP).
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Normal Summons "Clayman" (800/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates his face-down " Clay Wrap ",  equipping  it onto "Clayman". Now if the equipped monster is sent to the Graveyard, Jaden can destroy one  Spell  or  Trap Card  Jinzo controls. Jaden then activates " Polymerization " to  fuse  "Clayman" and "Burstinatrix" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in Attack Position. Since "Clay Wrap" was sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Jaden to destroy "Ectoplasmer". "Rampart Blaster" attacks directly (Jinzo: 2500 → 500 LP). Jaden then Sets a card ("Draining Shield").
 Turn 5: Jinzo 
Jinzo draws. During Jinzo's Standby Phase, "Malice Doll of Demise" (1600/1700) revives itself in Attack Position via its own effect. Jinzo then Tributes "Malice Doll of Demise" to  Tribute Summon  " Jinzo " (2400/1500) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Jinzo", no Traps can be activated and every face-up Trap Card's effect is  negated . "Jinzo" attacks and destroys "Rampart Blaster" (Jaden: 1800 → 1400 LP). 
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Normal Summons " Wroughtweiler " (800/1200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 7: Jinzo 
Jinzo draws. He then Normal Summons " Spirit Caller " (1000/1000) in Attack Position. "Jinzo" attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". Since "Wroughtweiler" was destroyed, its effect activates, allowing Jaden to add "Clayman" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. "Spirit Caller" attacks directly (Jaden: 1400 → 400 LP). Jinzo then activates " Amplifier ", equipping it onto "Jinzo". Now while "Jinzo" is equipped with "Amplifier", its effects will not negate Jinzo's Trap Cards. Jinzo Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. Jaden Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " (800/1200) in Attack Position. He then activates " Bubble Blaster ", equipping it to "Bubbleman" and increasing its ATK by 800 ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1600 ATK). Now if "Bubbleman" would be  destroyed by battle , Jaden can destroy "Bubble Blaster" to prevent "Bubbleman" from being destroyed as well as reduce the  Battle Damage  he takes from the attack to 0. "Bubbleman" attacks and destroys "Spirit Caller", but Jinzo activates his face-down " Spirit Barrier ". Now while Jinzo controls a monster, he won't take any Battle Damage. Jaden activates " Fairy of the Spring " to add "Clay Wrap" from his Graveyard to his hand, though he may not activate it this turn. Jaden Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Jinzo 
Jinzo draws. "Jinzo" attacks "Bubbleman", but Jaden destroys "Bubble Blaster" via its second effect to prevent "Bubbleman" from being destroyed and reduce the Battle Damage he would take to 0 ("Elemental Hero Bubbleman": 1600 → 800 ATK). Jinzo Sets a card (" Call of the Haunted ").
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Winged Kuriboh ". He then Normal Summons "Clayman" (800/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates "Clay Wrap", equipping it to "Clayman". Jaden activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Clayman" and "Bubbleman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Mudballman " (1900/3000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Clay Wrap" activates, allowing Jaden to destroy "Amplifier". 
 Since "Amplifier" has been  removed from the field , its second effect activates, destroying "Jinzo". Jinzo activates his face-down "Call of the Haunted" to revive "Jinzo", but Jaden activates his face-down " Solemn Judgement " to negate the effect of "Call of the Haunted" and destroy it by  paying  half his LP (Jaden: 400 → 200 LP). "Mudballman" then attacks directly (Jinzo: 500 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 During the ritual to Summon Jinzo,  Takadera  and his friends use a  Ouija Board  in the Japanese version. In the dub, it is still present but is simply described as a "mystic box". In the Spanish version of the dub ''Ouija'' is still used to describe the board. 
 Trivia 
 The "disguise" Jinzo wears is strikingly similar to the one worn by  Leichter  of the  Big Five  in  episode 108  of the  original series  when he first appeared as "Jinzo" to prevent  Kaiba  from immediately seeing who his  Deck Master  was. 
 This is one of the few episodes of an english dub of the series in which it is stated that one of the characters is at risk of death if he loses the duel (as opposed to being send to another dimension). This is strongly suggested by Jinzo saying to Jaden ''your  demise  is imminent'' right before Jaden activates ''Pot of Greed''. This is much clearer in the Spanish version in which Jinzo says ''your  death  is inmminent''. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here. 
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Mudballman 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Clay Wrap 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Fairy of the Spring 
 Mirage of Nightmare 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Draining Shield 
 Solemn Judgement 
 
 Jinzo Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Thousand-Eyes Idol 
 Effect Monsters 
 Emissary of the Afterlife 
 Jinzo 
 Malice Doll of Demise 
 Spirit Caller Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amplifier 
 Ectoplasmer 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Spirit Barrier 
 
 Syrus Truesdale Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cycroid 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gyroid 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   It is unknown how "Clayman" could have destroyed one of Syrus's monsters while remaining on the field as "Gyroid" has more ATK than "Clayman", while "Cycroid" has the same amount of ATK that "Clayman" has. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/GX14.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140418030204', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Torrey_collapses_GX14.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140418025711', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/OccultTrio.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070711193601', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Emissary_and_Sparkman_battle_%28GX14%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140418040010', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/Jinzo_Summoned_%28GX14%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140418040101', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Jinzo_defeated_%28GX14%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140418040211', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes