Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ceremonial_Battle

This article is about the Duel in the anime. For the Duel in the manga, see  Ceremonial Battle (manga) . For the anime arc, see  Ceremonial Battle (arc) . For the manga arc, see  Ceremonial Battle (manga arc) .    
 
 The  Ceremonial Battle  (戦いの儀  Tatakai no Gi ), known as  The Final Duel  in the dub, is the final Duel of the Yu-Gi-Oh! manga and anime series, taking place in the  Ceremonial Battle  arc. The Ceremonial Battle took place in episodes 221-224.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   The Introduction 
 2   The Battle 
 
 2.1   Summoning of the Egyptian Gods 
 2.2   The Created Bonds of the Past and Present 
 2.3   Defeating the Egyptian Gods 
 2.4   Post–Egyptian Gods 
 2.5   Atem's Trusted Cards 
 2.6   Atem's Defeat 
 
 
 3   The End of Atem's Story 
 4   The Start of Yugi's Story 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 The Introduction 
 Both the Pharaoh and Yugi have obtained all 7 Millennium items and all 3 Egyptian God Cards. The Pharaoh has defeated  Zorc Necrophades  in the memory RPG and the latter has finally learned his true name. Soon it was time for the final test to see if  Atem  and  Yugi  were finally ready to separate for good; Atem would have to be defeated in a duel where he was actively  trying  to win, demonstrating that he had learned from Yugi that one did not need to win all the time and that defeat could teach us just as much as victory. In the Japanese dub, Atem stated that as a duelist and with his pride on the line, he must give his all into defeat his opponent, no matter the cost, even if it means not being able to pass on.
 Originally planned to travel to Luxor in the Cairo International Airport, a sandstorm brewed over the Valley of Kings, blocking that path. Marik and Ishizu Ishtar step in to help them, and they proceed to the Valley of Kings by boat from where it was stated that the sandstorm might have not been without purpose due to the ancient belief that ships carried kings or people back from the gods as it says, from this world to the afterlife. Both  Joey  and  Kaiba  (in the manga, Kaiba wasn't in this arc) asked Yugi if they could battle the Pharaoh. Yugi declined both requests, feeling that battling the Pharaoh was something he had to do to prove to himself that he was ready to separate from him.
 The boat docked, and everyone there was waiting for him. Ishizu then led them across the desert to an underground cavern all the way to the back, where there was a large door with a carving of The  Eye of Wdjat  which Ishizu explained would unravel the Pharaoh's spirit from Yugi's, further explaining that in order to pass on, he must act the Rite of the Duel. Yugi approached the Shrine of The Millennium Items and placed all the seven Millennium Items in their appropriate places. A wave of light passed over Yugi, his shadow started to split in half and then his body. The Pharaoh and Yugi walked opposite ways to the far sides of the cavern. The Final Duel had begun.
 
 The Battle 
 Summoning of the  Egyptian Gods 
 Atem   Special Summons  " The Tricky " by discarding 1 card from his hand (which is later revealed to be " Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight "). He then Sets " Bounce Spell " face down. 
 Yugi   Summons  " Green Gadget ", whose effect lets him add " Red Gadget " to his hand upon being Summoned. He next Sets " Stronghold the Moving Fortress " face-down, and activates " Swords of Revealing Light " to prevent Atem from attacking for three turns. 
 However,  Atem  uses " Rebellion " to force "Green Gadget" to attack  Yugi , but  Yugi  activates " Stronghold the Moving Fortress ", which, when activated, becomes a  Trap Monster  and blocks the attack, but  Yugi  loses 600  Life Points , since his own  monster  did declare an  attack . 
 Yugi activates " Ties of the Brethren ". Paying 1000  Life Points , he Summons his " Yellow " and " Red Gadgets " in  Defense Position . On this note, his " Stronghold 's"  ATK  becomes 3000 since all 3  Gadget monsters  are on the  field  under his control. He attacks, but  Atem  activates " Bounce Spell " to transfer the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" to Yugi's field. With his attacks useless for 3 turns, Yugi decides to switch his " Green Gadget " to Defense Position and end his turn. 
 Atem activates " Tricky Spell 4 ", allowing him to  Tribute  his "Tricky" in exchange for " Tricky Tokens " equal to the number of monsters that  Yugi  controls. Since  Yugi  controls 4  monsters , Atem can summon 4  Tokens . Afterwards,  Atem  Tributes 3 of his Trickys to Summon " Obelisk the Tormentor " in  Attack Position . " Obelisk " destroys Yugi's "Stronghold", and Yugi's  Life Points  decrease to 1400. 
 Yugi  sets 3 cards and Summons " Silent Swordsman ". 
 Atem  responds by Setting his own card, and plays " Card of Sanctity ", allowing both players to draw until they each hold 6 cards. Then he sends " Obelisk " to attack " Silent Swordsman ", but Yugi activates " Ground Erosion ", which will drain "Obelisk" of 500  ATK  for each turn that passes on the field. He also activates " Turn Jump ", which advances the turn count by 3 for each player in the Duel. " Silent Swordsman " gains 500  ATK  with every passing turn that it is on the field, so now, it and "Obelisk" stand tied at 2500  ATK  apiece as well as finishing the "Swords of Revealing Light's" effect. 
 However, Atem activates his " Summoning Clock "  Trap , Tributing his final  Tricky Token  to Summon 1 extra  monster  for each one of his turns that passed. Due to " Turn Jump 's" effect, 3 turns have also passed for  Atem , so he can Summon 3 extra  monsters . He chooses his " Queen's Knight " and " King's Knight ", and since the latter was Summoned while he controlled the former,  Atem  can also Summon " Jack's Knight " from his Deck to join them. With one extra Summon left,  Atem  summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", whose  ATK  rises to 3000, since  Atem  currently holds 3 cards in his hand. Since monsters were summoned during the onset of an attack, Atem has the option of cancelling his attack which he does. 
 Yugi  activates " Ambush Shield ",  Tributing  his " Red Gadget " to add its  DEF  to " Silent Swordsman 's"  ATK , bringing it to 4000. 
 Atem  attacks with his "Queen's Knight" and "King's Knight", destroying  Yugi 's "Green Gadget" and "Yellow Gadget". Then, to end his turn, he  Tributes  his "Jack's Knight", "Queen's Knight", and "King's Knight". When  Marik  and  Ishizu Ishtar  hear  Atem  recite the chant that can awaken " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", they are amazed at how much  the Pharaoh  had learned while unlocking his lost memories. On this note,  Atem  summons " Ra ", who appears and emerges from its  Sphere , with an  ATK  of 5000. This completes  Atem 's strategy: all 3  Egyptian Gods  have now been Summoned, and all in no less than 2 turns. 
 The Created Bonds of the Past and Present 
 Atem  plays " Pot of Greed " to draw 2 cards. 
 Meanwhile,  Ishizu Ishtar  relates the story of the Power of  the Pharaoh , which, she says, was so strong that no one wanted to battle him because of the unmatched strength of his sword. 
 Seto Kaiba  then talks about the  Egyptian God Cards , believing that since  Atem  holds the most feared cards in the entire game of  Duel Monsters , no one can defeat him. He feels that this is why his name is written in history and hastily decides to leave, but he is momentarily stopped by  Joey .  Kaiba  shuns  Joey  by asking him if he knew any way to defeat the cards, because no Duelist present here was able to. 
 Ishizu  says it is up to fate now: if  Yugi  and  Atem  are ready to separate, then  Yugi  will win. If not,  Atem  will remain trapped for another 5000 years. 
 Kaiba offers Atem a rematch, since it seems (to Kaiba, at least) he'll be sticking around for a while. 
 Yugi asks why Kaiba will leave if Yugi is losing, but Kaiba replies that he only wants to watch Yugi lose to him, so he reminds Kaiba about their bond (sparking a flashback when Atem gives the  Millennium Puzzle  to  Priest Seto ), and says Kaiba has to stay to watch. Yugi assures Kaiba that he has a plan to defeat the Egyptian Gods, and Kaiba stays, if only to step in and Duel Atem once Yugi loses. On this note, fear enters Yugi's heart. 
 Tristan tries to encourage him but Marik stops him. He and Joey rekindle the fact that the fear in facing the Egyptian Gods is indescribable. 
 Yugi ruminates that forever he has tried to follow in Atem's footsteps and yet when he thinks he is nearing, he is actually so far. 
 Atem then encourages him by telling him to trust in the Deck or he would not win, and that it takes heart in building the Deck that one trusts. Yugi responds that he gained his strength from Atem, but reminds him that he himself has also taken pain that Atem was supposed to receive. Afterwards, Yugi is more confident and tells him that he built his Deck so that Atem's spirit would rest, and Téa realizes that Yugi is about to build a strategy that can defeat the Egyptian Gods. 
 Defeating the Egyptian Gods 
 While " Silent Swordsman " grows to Level 4 with 3000  ATK , Yugi  Tributes  his  Magnet Warriors —" Alpha ", " Beta ", and " Gamma "—from his hand to Summon " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior " in  Attack Position .
 This activates " Slifer 's" special effect, as it now opens its second mouth to drain Yugi's "Valkyrion" of 2000  ATK , but Yugi activates " Mirage Spell ", which negates "Slifer's" special effect and adds 2000 points to his  Life Points , bringing him up to 3400  Life Points . 
 Even  Kaiba  is impressed, but knows it will take more to beat the  Egyptian Gods , while  Yugi  Sets 2 cards and ends his turn. 
 Joey  and  Marik  question why  Yugi  wouldn't attack "Obelisk", since both of his monsters are strong enough to destroy it.  Kaiba  demands for  Yugi  to show his strategy, and  Atem  reflects that  Yugi 's monsters are still too weak to defeat either "Slifer" or "Ra". 
 Atem  then thinks that " Silent Swordsman "—now at Level 4—and " Valkyrion " are the best cards, but only pale in comparison to the  God Cards . Then, he draws; now that he holds 4 cards, " Slifer 's"  ATK  becomes 4000. Atem attacks " Silent Swordsman " with "Slifer", but  Yugi  activates a  Trap , and  Atem  responds in turn with the reminder that "Slifer" is immune to  Traps . 
 " Silent Swordsman " is destroyed, and  Yugi  is down to 2400  Life Points . Next,  Atem  attacks "Valkyrion" with "The Winged Dragon of Ra", destroying it and bringing  Yugi 's score down to 900. Finally, "Obelisk" attacks, but " Valkyrion " and " Silent Swordsman " suddenly reappear on the field, and  Yugi 's score returns to 3400.  Yugi  reveals that the  Trap  he activated was " Mirage Ruler ", which, should all his  monsters  be destroyed in one turn,  re-Summons  them to the field in the same  battle position  as when they were destroyed, and any  damage  he took from the attack restores his  Life Points , although all this costs him 1000  Life Points , taking him down to 2400. On this note,  Atem  ends his turn.
 Everyone sighs in relief, including  Grandpa  (who thought he'd have a heart attack).  Téa  is also relieved, but is now confused about whose side she wants to be on.
 However,  Kaiba  merely thinks  Yugi  is stalling until he can find a weakness in the  Egyptian Gods . The only weakness  Kaiba  himself knows about the  Egyptian God Cards  is that each one require 3  Tributes  to Summon them, but  Atem's  strategy eliminated that weakness, so he thinks  Atem  is the true King of Games. 
 But,  Ishizu  believes Yugi can still win, as she stated that the suffering that a soul bore after 3,000 years (5,000 years in the English dub) has strengthened him, and only a strong body would be able to carry that soul whose own soul strengthened with the other. Because of that, the soul who owns the body could make miracles, Yugi could make miracles. 
 Yugi  decides to start thinking like  the Pharaoh , and realizes that  Atem  had not played his  face-down  card since he Set it before activating " Card of Sanctity ". After much thinking, he deduces that  Atem 's  face-down  card must be " Mirror Force ". If he's right, he knows how to defeat the  Egyptian Gods . He draws, and " Silent Swordsman's "  ATK  rises to 3500 points and upgrades to Level 5. Then, he activates "Valkyrion's" effect, de-fusing it into  Alpha, Beta, and Gamma .
 However, "Slifer's" special effect activates again, blasting each of the 3 new monsters with a force strong enough to destroy them—but Yugi responds with his  Trap Card , " Magnet Force " and redirects each blast toward each of the  Gods , draining each of them of 2000 ATK. "Ra", "Slifer" and "Obelisk" now have 3000, 2000, and 500  ATK , respectively. 
 Yugi orders " Silent Swordsman " to attack, but Atem activates his  face-down  card. As  Yugi  anticipated,  Atem's   face-down  card was indeed " Mirror Force ", which destroys all of  Yugi's   Attack Position   monsters .  Yugi  admits he wanted  Atem  to use "Mirror Force", and tells him the time has come to destroy the  Egyptian Gods .  Yugi  plays " Magnet Reverse " to  re-Summon  "Valkyrion", reactivating "Slifer's" special effect. However, " Magnet Force " redirects the blast to "Obelisk", destroying it.
 Finally,  Yugi  de-fuses "Valkyrion" again, and "Slifer's" effect activates yet again, but the 3 blasts are again reflected, 1 blast to "Slifer" and 2 to "Ra", destroying both of them. 
 Everyone is amazed: while  Atem  had Summoned all 3  Egyptian Gods  in 2 turns,  Yugi  was able to destroy them all in just one. 
 Yugi  reminds  Atem  of something he learned of in their battles together: sometimes to defeat someone with a strong power, you need to turn that power against them.  Atem  is impressed and notes that that is how a true Duelist thinks. 
 Post–Egyptian Gods 
 Atem  uses his next turn to activate " Polymerization ", using it to fuse " Berfomet " and " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " from his hand to Summon " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast ", who destroys  Yugi 's "Alpha The Magnet Warrior". 
 Even though  Atem  is now leading in  Life Points ,  Kaiba  admits that  Yugi  is the true King of Games, due to his defeat of the Egyptian Gods—which surprises  Joey . 
 On his next turn,  Yugi  Tributes his 2 remaining  Magnet Warriors , "Beta" and "Gamma", to Summon his " Buster Blader ", who attacks and destroys "Chimera", bringing  Atem  to 3500  Life Points . 
 However, since "Chimera" was destroyed,  Atem  can use its effect to revive one of the monsters from his  Graveyard , if it was used to Summon "Chimera". He chooses " Berfomet ", and on his next turn, he Tributes it for " Beast of Gilfer ", Sets a card, and ends his turn. 
 Yugi  and  Joey  both realize that  Atem  wants Yugi to destroy " Gilfer ", because, when that monster goes to the  Graveyard , its effect will activate and weaken " Buster Blader ". 
 Yugi  Sets 1 card and attacks, destroying " Gilfer " and, as he expected, his " Buster Blader " loses 500  ATK , leaving it with 2100. With that,  Yugi  ends his turn. 
 Atem  Sets 1 card, and plays " Awakening from Beyond ", letting  Yugi   draw 2 cards  while allowing  Atem  to add 1  monster  from his  Graveyard  to his hand. 
 Yugi  thinks that "The Tricky" can't be Summoned unless  Atem  discards a card (which he currently cannot, since he has only one card in his hand), and the  Egyptian Gods  each require 3  Tributes  to be  Summoned . Nothing that  Yugi  can think of is strong enough to beat " Buster Blader ", but  Atem  reveals that he has retrieved the monster he discarded to Summon " The Tricky ", during his first turn: " Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight " (which could be  Summoned without Tributes  at the time, since it was the only card in  Atem 's hand). 
 Yugi  is amazed that  Atem  discarded " Gaia " at his first turn, and  Atem  admits he knew the Duel would end up this way. When he'd chosen his cards and built his Deck, he knew how this Duel would go. He surprised everyone by saying that he'd known all along that  Yugi  would defeat the Egyptian Gods, and now that they're gone, the true Duel can begin. 
 "Gaia" destroys "Buster Blader", bringing  Yugi 's Life Points down to 2200, but  Yugi  activates " Soul Rope ". Paying 1000 Life Points, he Summons " Witch of the Black Forest " from his  Deck . (Note that this is illegal in real life since "Soul Rope" cannot be activated during the  Damage Step .) 
 Yugi draws and trades in his Witch for " Summoned Skull ", using his Witch's effect to add " Marshmallon " from his  Deck  to his hand. 
 "Summoned Skull" destroys "Gaia" and brings  Atem 's  Life Points  down to 3300. This is emotionally painful due to the fact that they had once defended each other. 
 Atem  thinks he has to fight hard to win, and draws exactly what he needs, calling out the card's name before he draws it: he Summons " Big Shield Gardna " in  Defense Position . 
 While  Joey  and  Tristan  think its luck,  Marik  tells them that  the Pharaoh  knew what he would draw.  Ishizu  agrees that Atem's will was so strong, he influenced fate to draw what he needed. 
 Yugi plays " Pot of Greed " to  draw 2 cards . Since "Pot of Greed" added " Watapon " to Yugi's hand, he can  Special Summon  it to the field and still  Normal Summon . Tributing his "Watapon", he Summons " Curse of Dragon ". Then, "Summoned Skull" attacks "Big Shield Gardna", but is too weak to defeat it, bringing Yugi to 1100  Life Points . 
 However, "Big Shield Gardna's" effect activates on this note, because it was attacked by a weaker  Attack Position  monster while in  Defense Position . Now, it switches to  Attack Position , and  Yugi  attacks with "Curse of Dragon", who destroys "Big Shield Gardna" and reduces  Atem 's Life Points to 1400. 
 Téa  says she can't watch anymore, and asks for the Duel to stop, because she isn't ready to say goodbye to Atem. 
 Joey  comforts her and tells her that every Duel  Yugi  and  Atem  had ever fought has led up to this  Duel , and reminds her that this a test to see how much both of them have grown, and if they're ready to move on. This Duel is for the best, and  Téa  agrees. 
 Meanwhile,  Atem  thinks to himself that he senses an old friend in his Deck, and apologizes for keeping him waiting so long. Then he draws his next card. 
 Atem's Trusted Cards 
 Atem  activates his " Dark Magic Curtain ": Now, by paying half his  Life Points , he can  Summon  " Dark Magician "  from his Deck , at the cost of not being able to  Summon  any other monster this turn. Then  Atem  reveals his  face-down  card, " Book of Secret Arts ", and  equips  it to "Dark Magician", giving it 300 extra  ATK  and  DEF . 
 "Dark Magician" destroys "Summoned Skull", bringing  Yugi 's  Life Points  down to 800. Then the  Magician  suddenly speaks, using  Mahad 's voice, and tells  Atem  that he has crossed time and space to assist him in this final battle. 
 Yugi  now realizes that to defeat  Atem , he must defeat his most trusted and favorite monster in this Duel. He  Sets  1 monster in  Defense , and switches "Curse of Dragon" to  Defense Position . 
 Atem  thinks  Yugi's   Set   monster  must be "Marshmallon", which, if attacked while  set , will inflict 1000 points of damage to  Atem  when flipped  face-up , and that would be enough for  Yugi  to win. 
 After  Atem  draws, he activates " Thousand Knives ". With "Dark Magician" under his control, "Thousand Knives" can  destroy  1  Defense Position   monster  his opponent controls. "Thousand Knives" destroys  Yugi 's  Set  "Marshmallon", thereby  negating  the  monster 's  effect . Then, "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Curse of Dragon". 
 Yugi  Summons " Blockman " in  Defense Position  and  Sets  1 card. 
 Atem  counters by  equipping  " Dark Spear " to his "Dark Magician", which, when  equipped , gives his  monster  the  piercing   effect . "Dark Magician" attacks, but  Yugi  activates " Soul Shield ",  paying  half his  Life Points  to  negate  the attack. 
 Yugi  activates " Gold Sarcophagus ", and  removes from play  1 card in his  Deck . If  Atem  plays the same card that was removed due to "Gold Sarcophagus",  Yugi  can  negate  its  effect(s) . While no one knows what card  Yugi  chooses, they all think it unlikely for  Atem  to play the same card.
 Téa  realizes the "Gold Sarcophagus" looks like the box that contained the pieces of the  Millennium Puzzle —and now, the same symbol that brought them together may now split them apart. In reality, the card that  Yugi  placed inside his Sarcophagus is a card that he knows he could have used for himself, but knows that  Atem  would also use it when and if "Dark Magician" would be defeated. 
 Yugi uses "Blockman's" effect: since it has been on the field for 2 of his turns, he can Tribute it to  Special Summon  2  Block Tokens . Then he sacrifices those  Tokens  to summon " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ".
 Téa  remembers that  Yugi  defeated  Yami Bakura  with that card, in order to prove he could Duel on his own, so she thinks that it is the perfect card  Yugi  can use to end this Duel. 
 Yugi  uses Gandora's special effect, paying half his  Life Points  (leaving him with only 200) to  destroy  all the cards on the  field  and  remove  them from play. However,  Atem  activates his " Dark Illusion "  Trap , protecting his "Dark Magician" from  Gandora 's effect, and allowing  Yugi  to draw 1 card. 
 Yugi  Sets 2 cards and ends his turn, and "Gandora's" secondary effect forces the  monster  to  destroy itself , since it used its card-destruction effect. 
 Atem  draws and attacks  Yugi  directly with "Dark Magician", but  Yugi  responds by activating " Magician's Circle ". Since a  Spellcaster  declared an attack, both players may  Special Summon  a  Spellcaster  from their hand or Deck.  Yugi  Summons his " Silent Magician ", while  Atem  Summons his " Dark Magician Girl " and continues his attack. 
 But then,  Yugi  activates his second face-down card, " Spell Textbook ". Now, he must  discard  his entire hand to the  Graveyard  and  draw 1 card . If he draws a  Spell Card , he can activate it with no restrictions. Since  Yugi  has no cards in his hand, he declares, all he needs to do is draw. 
 With " Spell Textbook 's"  effect ,  Yugi  draws " Card of Sanctity ", which allows both Duelists to draw enough cards until each player holds 6. On this note, " Silent Magician 's" special ability increases its  ATK  by 500 for each card  Atem  drew. Since  Atem  drew 5 new cards, Silent Magician's  ATK  rises by 2500, to 3500, and evolves to Level 5. 
 However, "Dark Magician" is still in the process of attacking, and with 2800 points,  Atem  will lose 700 Life Points, which is all he has left, but since he knew he would lose with this attack,  Atem  activates " Magicians Unite " to let "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl" attack as one and attack with a combined  ATK  of 3000 points. Both are destroyed, and  Atem  and  Yugi  stand tied with 200  Life Points  apiece. 
 Atem  tells  Yugi  this is his last turn, and thanks  Yugi  for trying to set him free. But the Duel will end with  Atem 's victory. 
 Atem's Defeat 
 With the thought of winning,  Atem  plays " Monster Reborn " to revive " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". Since he holds 4 cards in his hand, " Slifer 's"  ATK  becomes 4000.
 However,  Yugi  reflects that, if he were in  Atem 's situation, he would have used the same strategy, and he was counting on  Atem  to do so himself. Within the next few seconds,  Yugi 's " Gold Sarcophagus " glows as it returns to the field, and as it opens,  Yugi  reveals that the card he removed from play with "Gold Sarcophagus" was the very same card  Atem  just played. Everyone protests that only one copy of " Slifer the Sky Dragon " was in existence, but to their surprise,  Yugi  revealed the card inside his "Gold Sarcophagus": " Monster Reborn ". 
 Joey  realizes that  Yugi  could have also benefited from that card, but he also reveals that, to ensure  Yugi's  victory, his friend needed to sacrifice that card. 
 Ishizu  recognized it as a message to  Atem  that a peaceful soul shouldn't return to life in order to experience suffering.  Atem 's "Monster Reborn" card is then negated by  Yugi  "Gold Sarcophagus", while "Slifer the Sky Dragon" dissolves and returns to the  Graveyard . 
 On this,  Atem  ends his turn and tells  Yugi  this has been the best Duel of his life.  Yugi  stands motionless with his head bowed, and  Duke  asks why  Yugi  is hesitating: he can win with his next attack. But  Bakura  explains that that's the problem: after  Yugi  attacks, he will win, and  Atem  will leave forever. 
 One last tear falls from  Yugi 's eye as he commands his " Silent Magician " to launch a  direct attack  on  Atem .  Yugi  has won the Duel. 
 The End of Atem's Story 
 Yugi falls to his knees, cries and tells Atem that he (Yugi) is weak. Atem tells him that he would not cry if he were in his place. Yugi says that that is the point, he admits that he could not follow in the footsteps of Atem. Atem reminds him that he is not a coward and it was he who taught Atem about the principles needed to win. He also says that now he is leaving, there would be no one else for Yugi to follow and that there would only be one Yugi. 
 The Eye of Wdjat glows on the wall, and Ishizu says the spirit of the Pharaoh has been freed. Atem stands before the Eye and declares that he is Atem. The wall parts to reveal a glowing light, and Atem walks towards it. Téa, Joey and Tristan step forward, asking him if this is how it ends: Atem can't show up, change their lives, and leave. 
 Yugi says that they don't want to say goodbye, and Téa cries that while she knows its for the best, it doesn't seem fair that Atem has to leave. They were just getting to know him, and Atem was just getting to know himself, but now he's leaving. She knows they should be happy for him, but its hard when they're losing their best friend and they don't understand why. Joey says there are some things they aren't supposed to understand: he goes through half his life like that. But he does know that while Atem's stay isn't as long as they'd like, they were lucky to know him at all. Atem silently thanks him, and Téa wishes him luck. 
 Joey shouts that Atem isn't going anywhere: the memories he gave each of them will remain in their hearts. Joey and Yugi give Atem a thumbs-up, and Atem returns the gesture as he walks forward. The Pharaoh's cloak and clothing appear around him as images of Adviser Siamun, Mana, Akhenamkhanen, and the six priests (Young Akhenaden, Mahado, Seto, Isis, Kalim and Shada) greet him. Atem vanishes into the light, the wall closing behind him. 
 The Wdjat temple then starts to crumble as the Millennium Stone shatters, scattering the Millennium Items in a bottomless pit. They all run away from the temple while Shadi's spirit watches the temple he protected crumble, his duty being fulfilled, the Pharaoh's spirit has gone to the Afterlife.
 
 The Start of Yugi's Story 
 ( This is in the one-off end credits. This is not shown in the English anime nor the manga as it ends with them still being in Egypt. ) 
 Yugi, Téa, Joey, Tristan, Duke, Grandpa, Kaiba, and Mokuba all leave Egypt and return to Japan. In the airport, they meet up with Rebecca and Serenity. Both Duke and Tristan fall for Serenity, but are pulled back by Joey. Rebecca hugs Yugi much to Téa's annoyance.
 Weevil Underwood and Rex Raptor get into an argument again and decide to duel. Zigfried and Leon von Schroeder make a business proposition with Pegasus, which turns to their favor. Mako Tsunami sets sail from his fishing trip to be met up with Espa Roba at the harbor. Mai Valentine and Vivian Wong are facing a two-on-two duel against the Paradox Brothers atop the Great Wall of China. 
 The credits end with a scene where Grandpa is sweeping while Yugi comes out from the house to join Téa, Joey and Tristan to go to school. Yugi ends the show by saying that his story has not ended and that his story is not about a pharaoh who after three thousand years defeated the evil Zorc. 
 
         This isn't the legend of a Pharaoh. Everybody has his own story....The story that completes in the light. My story has just started.     
 In fact, he says that his story is just beginning. This alludes to the famous phrase "This isn't the legend of a Pharaoh. Everybody has his own story....The story that completes in the light. My story has just started."  FIN 
 
 Trivia 
 The English-language episode was dubbed "The Greatest Duel Ever" by the series' US network,  4Kids Entertainment , on a online vote and shown on CW4Kids on April 17, 2010 (April 18, 2010 at Atlanta, GA). 
 The English-language episode ends with Yugi and his friends in Egypt; in the Japanese version, the episode contains more footage and ends with Yugi and his friends walking down a street. 
 In the English version, Kaiba finally acknowledges Atem as 'Pharaoh', and seems to accept that he and Yugi are different people. He even seems to believe in the idea that Atem will leave if he loses, telling him at one point when he is winning, that it looks like he is not going anywhere. He also seems to finally concede his rivalry with Yugi after he defeats all three Egyptian God Cards in one turn, acknowledging Yugi as the true King of Games, and finally making peace with himself and the rest of the gang, in the process. 
 The Decks of both Yugi and Atem share only 3 of the same card: "Pot of Greed", "Card of Sanctity", and "Monster Reborn". Both Decks have cards used in prior seasons, but the above 3 cards are the only cards in both Decks built specifically for the Ceremonial Battle. 
 Although, after Yugi summons the Silent Swordsman, Atem claims to set " Mirror Force ", but he does not. An underside shot of the card shows the card is, in fact, " Dark Mirror Force ". Later, the real " Mirror Force " is used. 
 The chant Atem uses to Summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is different from the one Marik Ishtar uses in Battle City. 
 Yugi's "Blockman" card is an homage to Lego blocks. 
 In the English version of the anime, Atem continues with the phrase "Son of King Aknamkanon" but in the Japanese and Philippine versions, it continues with the phrase Pharaoh of Egypt. 
 Yugi's level monsters function differently from the real cards. The real version of Silent Swordsman only levels up when it attacks, and is only level 3, 5, or 7. Silent Magician starts at level 4, only levels up once, when the opponent has drawn 5 cards, to level 8. 
 During the Duel, Atem claims that he never had to Duel Yugi, when it is actually Atem's second time Dueling Yugi. The first time was in the "Waking the Dragons" season when Atem had to face himself (Yugi) to be free of the darkness within himself. The difference is the first time, they both had the same Deck. Since Yugi's spirit had been sealed away prior, it is possible that it was merely an illusion, augmented further by how multiple times characters state that Atem was facing was merely a reflection of his heart. (Note: The Waking the Dragons story arc was not in the original manga, and it is not considered canon to the whole story. Therefore Yugi had not Dueled Atem as of now.) 
 This final duel became the basis for the tradition of the other animes in having one more duel after the "main antagonist", usually between the two protagonists or the protagonist and his rival. These duels is generally referred as "ceremonial battle" by fans.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  has the duel between  Jaden Yuki  and  Yugi Muto . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  has the duel between  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  has the duel between  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Astral . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  has the duel between  Yuya Sakaki  and  Declan Akaba . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  has the duel between  Yusaku Fujiki  and  Ai , although it differs in that Ai had also become the main antagonist. 
 The final Duel of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  is similar to this in the two main protagonists who always fought alongside each other, now fight against each other. The Japanese name of the  first episode  of that duel explicitly pays homage to this. 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Yugioh221.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20090921225958', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/Yugioh_fin.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070730010846']
Categories: Duels