Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Blair_Flannigan

For other versions of this character, see  Blair Flannigan (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Blair Flannigan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Blair Flannigan 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Rei Saotome 
 
 
 Japanese   
 早乙女  レイ 早乙女 レイ さおとめ レイ Rōmaji: ( Saotome Rei ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 레이 
 
 
 Arabic   
 بلير فلانيغان 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Slifer Red Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Runner-up       Pair Duel Tournament   Runner-up (with  Tyranno Hassleberry )   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Maiden in Love  Deck (恋する乙女デッキ  Koisuruotome Dekki ) [1] Egg Deck (卵デッキ  Tamago Dekki ) [1] 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 
 Serene Silence The Power of Love 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Maiden Kiss Maiden Lipstick Maiden Touch Maiden Strike Maiden Engage Maiden Sadness 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Wholehearted Love The Power of Love 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 20: " The Maiden in Love " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Liza Jacqueline 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Eri Sendai 
 
 
 German  
 Julia Stoepel 
 
 
 Italian  
 Jolanda Granato Federica Valenti (younger, ep.20) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Cristina Yuste 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Owen Caling 
 
 
 
 Blair Flannigan , known as  Rei Saotome  ( 早乙女  レイ  Saotome Rei ) in the Japanese version, is an underage student and the only girl in the  Slifer Red  dorm. Initially a minor character appearing in a stand-alone episode during the first season, Blair joins the central cast at the beginning of the third after proving her worth as a Duelist.
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.2   Appearance 
 1.3   Personality 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Seven Stars 
 2.2   Society of Light 
 2.3   Dimension World 
 2.4   Darkness 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 
 3.1   Tag Force 
 3.2   Tag Force 2 
 3.3   Tag Force 3 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Love Deck 
 4.2   Mystic Deck 
 4.3   Token Deck 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the dub, Blair takes on a Brooklyn accent beginning with her reappearance at the second season's conclusion (though she seems to lose it later on). During her Duel with Chazz she also made some egg puns ("that's no yoke", "eggcelent"). In the original, she refers to herself with "boku," a word for "I" typically spoken by young males, though its use by females is not unheard of. Though in the Tag Duel against Jaden and Alexis, when speaking to Jaden, Blair called herself "watashi", a significantly more formal personal pronoun that females often use. She did this in order to show her respect to Jaden, since she has a crush on him. She also refers to Marcel (Martin) as "Marty" in the original. She has the tendency to make references to the fact that she is a Maiden in Love.
 
 Appearance 
 When she was first introduced, she wore a standard  Slifer Red  jacket and boots with gray pants ending at the ankles. To hide her hair she disguised herself as a boy, she then wore a clip with both a large hat and an orange bandanna. When Blair returned near the end of season 2, she was once again disguised, since she still used her bandanna and wore a kabuki mask. She now wore a sleeveless orange shirt under a dark blue and aqua version of the  Obelisk Blue  jacket with blue jeans and lilac boots. Starting from season 3, Blair's main outfit consists of her orange shirt, a Slifer vest, black shorts with a slanted brown belt, black socks that went slightly above her knees and newly designed Slifer boots. She continued to wear this outfit even after she became an Obelisk. 
 
 Personality 
 In the first season, Blair was a shy, love-struck but highly intelligent young girl. She had an insane crush on Zane, but switched to a crush on Jaden by the end of her first episode. She has aced perfectly on all her entry exams and was almost ranked to Ra Yellow. 
 When she returned near the end of season 2, she kept her crush on Jaden but grew up greatly became much more developed, much more mature and even developed a sort of leadership role as evidenced when she's Marcel's boss of some sort. She was also willing to work with Hassleberry to get photos for the yearbook.
 
 Etymology 
 Her original Japanese name, "Rei" means "bell" or "lovely". It could be an allusion to the series "Neon Genesis Evangelion", a series in which the primary female protagonists were named Rei and Asuka. Her last name, "Saotome," means "fast maiden". It could also be a reference to the popular martial-arts romance manga "Ranma 1/2," which featured a gender-switching protagonist named  Ranma Saotome . This is relevant since she first appeared in the GX anime disguised as a boy. Her English name, "Blair," means "plain" or "field."
 
 Biography 
 Seven Stars 
         Blair as she appears in Season 1, disguised as a boy and when her identity was revealed.     
 Blair is a transfer student who enters  Duel Academy  during her first year disguised as a boy. She is placed in the  Slifer Red  dormitory, and guided by  Jaden Yuki ,  Syrus Truesdale , and  Chumley Huffington . Behind her guise, Blair intended to get closer to  Zane Truesdale , with whom she was in love. While sneaking around Zane's room in  Obelisk Blue , she is caught by Jaden, who discovers her secret and pursues her on the matter late at night after the confrontation. The two Duel, and although Blair is defeated, she finally has the opportunity to meet with Zane. He is flattered by her affections, but turns her down, telling her to go home. Being a fifth-grade elementary student (second grade in the English dub), she is forced to leave the school on the technicality that she is too young to stay. As she departs, her feelings shift from Zane to Jaden, much to the latter's horror.
 
 Society of Light 
         Blair as she appears in Season 2, masked and unmasked.     
 During the second year, Blair returns near the end of the  Genex Tournament  beating Unknown Duelists and challenges Zane following his "rebirth," but he declines, and she instead Duels with  Chazz Princeton  to claim the champion title of the tournament and officially enter Slifer Red. Despite overwhelming improvement in her skills that allow her to push him into a corner, Chazz is able to claim victory in the end by using his  Ojama Yellow 's attack.
 At that time, an integral part of Blair's personality becomes clearer. Her love interests are constantly changing, as evidenced by her brief admiration of Chazz, but that was due of Chazz saying the same lines as Jaden, whom she still has a crush on.
 
 Dimension World 
 Even though she lost to Chazz, Blair is admitted to  Slifer Red , and becomes a member of the central cast at the beginning of the third year. She serves as  Marcel Bonaparte 's boss during that time, but she has to force him to obey lots. She commandeers Chazz's room, forcing him to bunk with Jaden. During the opening ceremony, she recites the academy pledge and winks at Jaden causing Alexis to feel jealous. During the school's first  survival duel  she watches Jaden and Jesse's duel and gets annoyed when she finds out Jesse does not have  Rainbow Dragon  in his deck. Later on, she is shown with Marcel during the party  Adrian Gecko  threw at the  Obelisk Blue  dorm and duels Marcel, though they both get injured afterwards.
 
         Blair and  Marcel  at  Adrian Gecko 's party.     
 When  Duel Academy  gets sent to the alternate dimension after Jaden's duel with  Thelonious Viper , she gets attacked by  Yubel  when she gets near Marcel and comes down with a mysterious illness. Jaden,  Jesse Anderson ,  Axel Brodie ,  Jim Crocodile Cook , and Adrian Gecko get medicine from a submarine that  Bastion Misawa  saw. She gets healed by this medicine soon after. After recovering she later sees the Yubel-possessed Marcel Dueling Jaden and Jesse. She shows that she cares for Marcel when she demands the spirit release him, which it does and then throws Marcel at her (Yubel willingly left Marcel because she didn't need him anymore). She later watches over Marcel, glad that he is safe. Blair later joins the Duel Academy students to see if everybody made it back from the  alternate dimension .
 
 Darkness 
 At the start of the fourth season, she gets promoted to  Obelisk Blue , but she still wears her red jacket. She is also shown to become friends with  Jasmine  and  Mindy . She and Hassleberry were also in charge of getting photos for the yearbook. Later on, Blair is teamed up with  Tyranno Hassleberry  in a  Tag-Team Duel  tournament. After beating Jasmine, Mindy and their unknown male partners they Duel the pair of Jaden and  Alexis Rhodes , during which she decides to take advantage of Alexis' frustration with Jaden and  switches partners  (wanting to be on the same team as Jaden because of her crush on him), allowing her to team up with Jaden. Jaden seemed to work much better with Blair than with Alexis. When Alexis noticed that Jaden had gone back to enjoying Duels, she switched back, much to Blair's chagrin, and frustration. She then lost the Duel making Jaden and Alexis the winners of the tournament. Later, she and Hassleberry told Jaden about  Vellian Crowler 's harsh teaching methods. Jaden helps solve the problem by beating Crowler in a duel much to Blair's joy. While Jaden heads off to  Domino City  during  Trueman 's attack, she and the rest of Jaden's friends get concerned. Each of them has Dueled at least ten people today as part of the Graduation Duels, but none of them can remember who they Dueled, nor locate their names on Duel Academy's roster - which appears much smaller than it should. They can all remember there being more students, but nothing about them. It is assumed she was later absorbed into the  World of Darkness  and was revived when Jaden defeated  Nightshroud . She returned upon Nightshroud's defeat and runs to Jaden to give him a hug. Afterward, she attended the graduation party with the third years. As Crowler feels sad about the graduating class leaving, Hassleberry tells Crowler that he and Blair will still be around to keep him company which Blair conforms.
 
 Other appearances 
 Tag Force 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force , Blair initially appears in room 102 of the  Slifer Red  dorm. Three items belonging to her can be obtained from three other characters. When all three items are returned to her, she gives up her disguise and can be found outside the Slifer Red dorm, but only during class hours. 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Blair appears as a Slifer Red Student. She's one of the main story characters. 
 
 Tag Force 3 
           Blair in  Obelisk Blue  in  Tag Force 3 .     
 Blair appears  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3  as a  Slifer Red  student. An  Obelisk Blue  version of her can also be unlocked. She is one of the main story characters.
 
 Deck 
 Blair's initial deck is a  Love  deck focusing on " Maiden in Love ", using it to take control of enemy monsters and turn them against their user. She further uses support for the Maiden like " Cupid's Kiss " and " Happy Marriage " to optimize this strategy.
 During the  Genex Tournament , Blair uses a  Mystic  deck. The deck's full mechanics are not explored, but it seems to revolve around summoning monsters by the effect of " Mystic Egg " and using " Mystic Revolution " to evolve them into powerful high-level forms.
 In Season 4, Blair uses a  Token  deck, relying on summoning  Monster Tokens .
 
 Love Deck 
 
 Love Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Maiden in Love 
 Outstanding Dog Marron [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cupid's Kiss 
 Happy Marriage 
 Monster Reincarnation [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light [Notes 1] 
 Defense Maiden 
 Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment [Notes 1] 
 Mystic Deck 
 
 Mystic Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mystic Baby Dragon 
 Mystic Dragon 
 Mystic Egg  x3 
 Spike Egg Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mystic Revolution 
 Token Deck 
 
 Token Deck Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Scapegoat 
 Stray Lambs 
 Token Thanksgiving 
 Traps 
 Jar of Greed 
 Partner Change 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Duel Academy Examiner 
 20  (mentioned) 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 20 
 Lose
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelists
 
 102 
 
 Win (offscreen)
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 103 - 104 
 Lose
 
 
 Marcel Bonaparte 
 111 - 112 
 Not shown
 
 
 Jasmine  and  Obelisk Blue  male 
 161 
 Win (with  Tyranno Hassleberry )
 
 
 Mindy  and  Obelisk Blue  male 
 161 
 Win (with  Tyranno Hassleberry )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Alexis Rhodes 
 162 
 Lose (with  Tyranno Hassleberry )
 
 
 10  Duel Academy  students 
 171 
 Not shown
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   This card can be seen in her  hand  in  episode 20 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Blair Flannigan  (Rei Saotome) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/Blair_Flannigan.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140214000049', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Rei1season.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20100323032045', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/Rei_2ndseason.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20100323031913', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Blair_and_Marcel_at_Adrian%27s_party.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121106004640', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Blair-GX06-Blue.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100620200900']
Categories: Characters, Blair Flannigan pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters