Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_046


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 046 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 地 水 炎 風 融合 ！ エリクシーラー 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Chisuienfū Yūgō! Erikushīrā 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Earth/Water/Fire/Wind Fusion! Elixirer 
 
 
 English 
 Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 046 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 17, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 March 29, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Ko Seong Woon 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " 
 " Chazz-anova " 
 
 
 
 
 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 ", known as " Earth/Water/Fire/Wind Fusion! Elixirer " in the Japanese version,  is the forty-sixth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.  It first aired in Japan on August 17, 2005 and in the United States on March 29, 2006.
 Jaden  continues his  Duel  with  Amnael , the final  Shadow Rider , who has revealed his true identity as Professor Banner.
 
 Summary 
 Banner  reveals that his flesh was destroyed ages ago, but his soul now resides in the body he now occupies via the power of alchemy.  Jaden  gasps and Banner continues that he once wandered the world as an alchemist, searching for the  Philosopher's stone . Jaden asks what that is and Banner explains that its a legendary stone sought by alchemists that is said to have the power to turn any metal into gold and grant perpetual youth. Due to this, many of history's most influential people sought it, which lead to the creation of alchemy. Accepting someone's orders, Banner conducted research on it. Banner says that just as  Maximillion Pegasus  discovered  Duel Monsters , Banner's research led him to  Duel Monsters  as well (in the dub, he states he traveled the world to find powerful  Duel Monsters  cards). Banner discovered a tablet depicting the three  Sacred Beasts . 
 
       Professor Banner  discovers the tablet depicting the  Sacred Beasts .     
 However, his trip had exhausted his body and he came down with an incurable illness (in the dub, the tablet is said to be cursed, which caused the illness). Due to his, Banner entrusted his soul to a  homunculus  - an artificial life-form created through alchemy. He continues that in the end, this body is only temporary - it is even now starting to decay and it won't be long before he dies. To drive this point home, he presses his fingers to his face, which begins to crack. Before his demise, he wishes to obtain the power that will let someone control the ultimate spirits for his employer as repayment for the backing of his research (in the dub, he seeks the power to extend his own life). Jaden asks if by "ultimate spirits" does he mean the Sacred Beasts. Banner confirms that, saying that using their power alone, he could create the Philosopher's stone. Jaden cannot believe that Banner would deceive them like that. He asks if all the memories they had were just lies and if he was just using them (Jaden says in the dub that he won't let Banner destroy the world for his own sake, and tries to back down from the duel in order to prevent him from winning the Spirit Key).
 Pharaoh  meows and Banner puts him down, saying they must resume the  Duel  now. If Jaden wishes to release  Chazz ,  Alexis  and  Atticus , he must defeat Banner. He calls it Jaden's "final exam" and adds that if Jaden holds back, the souls of those he captured will be used for his research. Banner  draws  and  activates  " Chaos Greed ", letting him draw two cards as he has at least four cards  removed from play  and none in his  Graveyard . He  Sets  two cards and ends his  turn . Jaden thinks that Banner's hand is empty now, but he still has " Elemental Absorber " out, which is blocking  attacks  from all  Attributes . He can't attack as he usually would as a result. He draws and activates " Pot of Greed ", drawing two cards - " Polymerization " and " Clay Wrap ". 
 
       " Elemental HERO Clayman " augmented with " Clay Wrap ".     
 He  Normal Summons  " Elemental HERO Clayman " in  Attack Position  and  equips  it with "Clay Wrap". He activates "Polymerization", fusing "Clayman" with " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " in Attack Position.  Syrus  wonders why Jaden bothered to Summon "Clayman" when he could have just fused from his hand (in the dub, he wondered why he chose to play "Clay Wrap" when the card will be destroyed by the fusion). Jaden responds that that's a good question. He explains that when "Clay Wrap" is  sent  to the Graveyard, he can  destroy  a  Spell  or  Trap Card  on the  field . He says he'll destroy "Elemental Absorber", which explodes.  Chumley  is excited, saying Banner's barrier is down now. Banner calls that an impressive move, saying it was a fantastic use of fusion - and that the potential Jaden has comes from fusion. Jaden tells him to stop acting like he's still his professor. Banner silently thinks that Jaden's true powers have yet to be unlocked - powers that he doesn't even realize reside dormant within him (in the dub, Banner says it's an impressive move, but he'll need much more if he wants to win.  Jaden obliges his request for more by declaring his next attack).
 
       Chazz  trapped in the planet.     
 Jaden orders "Rampart Blaster" to perform a  direct attack  with " Rampart Shot ". Banner tells Jaden to watch closely as he uses the ultimate form of alchemy that he's obtained (in the dub, he says he intends to take Jaden off to the great beyond). He activates his  face-down  " Macro Cosmos ". It removes " Chaos Distill " from play, which explodes. When the dust clears, the field appears as space. Banner says he's moved the Duel to the cosmos and to beyond the human world. With the  effect  of "Macro Cosmos", Banner can  Special Summon  " Helios - The Primordial Sun " from his hand or  Deck . It appears in Attack Position with 1100 ATK. Planets float behind it. Within one of them, Jaden can see Chazz, in another Alexis and in a third, Atticus. Banner repeats that "what lies at the bottom is like what lies at the top, what lies at the top is like what lies at the bottom". He pulls his  Shadow Charm , the  Emerald Tablet , from his cloak and says that those are the words of truth written in the tablet. Everything on earth is born from a single substance, which changes variably, from sky to earth. In this way, all things are connected and all things influence one another including the World of Humans in the Microcomsos and the World of the Sky in the Macrocosmos. (In the dub, as Jaden calls out to the captured students, Banner informs him that their voices cannot reach them, before boasting that Jaden has no chance to defeat him, and that his destiny will be a mere footnote within the Emerald Tablet. Banner also claims he paid for the Emerald Tablet with his flesh and blood, and that he doesn't intend to lose it to a Slifer Red like him.)
 
         The planets align.     Jaden asks if that means humans are connected to the sky and Banner responds that due to the influence of modern-day science, Jaden cannot even begin to fathom it (in the dub, Banner instead claims he fixed all of Jaden's matches thus far so that he would be chosen to protect a  Spirit Key  and face him). Banner continues that alchemy is a miraculous art that makes the impossible possible. He tells Jaden to see his final lecture unfold before him. Jaden says that he knows nothing of magic or alchemy, but he won't let Banner get away with that he's done to his friends. Banner activates his face-down " Planet Alignment ". All the planets align with "Helios" in a row and Banner says that the waves of gravity this process creates will destroy all monsters Jaden controls and inflict 300  damage  to him (in the dub, he boasts that the card is powerful enough to bend the very fabric of space itself). "Rampart Blaster" vanishes and Jaden's  Life Points  fall to 700. Jaden Sets a card and ends his turn.
         " Elemental HERO Bladedge "  destroys  " Helios Duo Megistus ".     
 Banner draws and activates " Yellow Process - Kitolenics ", which lets him  Tribute  "Helios" to Special Summon " Helios Duo Megistus " in Attack Position. Banner reveals that for every one of his removed from play monsters, the ATK of "Helios" will increase by 200. The twelve monsters in Banner's Graveyard are shown and the ATK of "Helios" becomes 2400. He orders a direct attack with " Vulcan Flame " (Dub name "Solar Singer). Chumley says that if this attack hits, Jaden will lose (in the dub, he jokes that he should have brought sunblock). Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges ". Banner must choose a card from Jaden's hand and if its a  Monster Card , Jaden can Special Summon it. Jaden's hand contains " Elemental HERO Avian ", " Elemental HERO Bladedge " and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ". Banner chooses the center card, so "Bladedge" appears in Attack Position. Chumley says it has an ATK advantage and Jaden tells Banner that if he wants to cancel his attack, now's the time. Banner responds that he won't and "Bladedge" flies straight through the flames shot by "Helios" and punches the monster, destroying it and causing Banner's Life Points to fall to 2600. The effect of "Helios" activates - when it is destroyed, it is instantly revived with its ATK increased by 300. With 2700 ATK, it attacks and destroys "Bladedge".
 
         Banner is struck by  "Anchor Knuckle ".     Jaden draws and Normal Summons "Bubbleman", drawing " Mirror Gate " and " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh " via its effect as he controls no other monsters. He activates " Fusion Recovery ", adding the "Clayman" and "Polymerization" in his Graveyard to his hand. He uses "Polymerization" to fuse "Bubbleman" with "Avian" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Mariner " in Attack Position. Setting two cards, he reveals that as long as he has face-down cards in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone , "Mariner" can attack directly. "Mariner" attacks Banner directly with " Anchor Knuckle " (Dub name "Anchor Away"), dropping Banner to 1200. Banner is impressed. He says that fusion is the power that lies within Jaden - and it proves he is also a top-notch alchemist. Jaden has no clue what he's talking about. Banner says that fusion takes weak monsters and combines them to increase their power and alchemy takes nonmetals and turns them to jewels - the processes are one and the same. He finishes that the endless of abilities of alchemy lie within Jaden - the "fusion master". Banner reveals that he believes this Duel to be a battle to determine who is truly the ultimate alchemist (in the dub, he compliments Jaden for his move, saying perhaps he misjudged him. He also responds to Jaden quipping that he "at least knows how to use moisturizer" by saying his carefree nature and lack of discipline is what prevents him from mastering dueling. He offers Jaden a chance to work as his servant, to which he replies that he "has enough friends already". Banner responds that he intends to reunite Jaden with his friends in oblivion).
         " Winged Kuriboh " protects  Jaden  from the attack of " Helios Duo Megistus ".     
 Banner draws and orders "Helios" to attack with "Vulcan Flame". Jaden says he was waiting for that and activates his face-down "Mirror Gate". The battling monsters switch sides. Syrus cheers, but Banner activates the " Grand Convergence "  Quick-Play Spell Card  from his hand. He says its gravity waves will destroy all monsters on the field and inflict 300 damage to Jaden, dropping him to 300 Life Points. Banner says that now "Helios" will revive with 300 more ATK. Banner orders another attack with "Vulcan Flame", but Jaden activates his face-down "The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh". " Winged Kuriboh " appears in  Defense Position  and is engulfed in the flames before being destroyed. Via its effect, Jaden will take no  Battle Damage  this turn. Banner ends his turn, while Jaden draws and Normal Summon "Clayman" in Defense Position before Setting a card and ending his own. 
 Jaden thinks there's nothing he can do about "Helios" - it just revives with even more power each time he destroys it. Banner draws and says that its time to usher in the final process of alchemy. He activates " Red Process - Rubedo ", Tributing "Helios Duos Megistus" to Special Summon " Helios Trice Megistus " in Attack Position. Its ATK increases by 300 for each of Banner's removed monsters, resulting in 3900 ATK. "Helios" attacks and destroys "Clayman" with " Phoenix Prominence " (Dub Name "Phoenix Flare"). Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Signal ", letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower " Elemental Hero " monster from his Deck. He Special Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman " in Defense Position. Banner reveals that "Helios Trice Megistus" may attack again as long as the opponent controls a monster. It attacks and destroys "Sparkman" with "Phoenix Prominence". Jaden thinks that "Helios" is just too strong - he truly believes he can't win this time.
 
         " Elemental HERO Electrum "  returns  Banner's monsters to the  Deck .     
 Jaden tells Banner it seems that his belief that the ability of an alchemist is within him was wrong. He explains that his hand is at zero and he has no materials left to create anything. Banner asks if that means he's exactly the same as he was one year ago then.  Winged Kuriboh  appears and Jaden remembers that a year ago, he hadn't even met him. He remembers his Duels with Chazz, Alexis and  Zane  and recalls memories with all of his new friends. One year ago, he hadn't known any of them. Then Jaden realizes what Banner had meant - making new friends is just like alchemy as well (in the dub, Jaden thinks back, and believes that Banner fixed all of his Duels, but that he can't let that stop him - he still believes in his friends and in his Deck. Banner also thinks to himself that everything Jaden has been through has led up to this. He awaits Jaden's next move, and believes that it will be one that will make him proud.). He realizes he still has potential within him and he has the friends he holds within his Deck. 
 Jaden draws and activates " Miracle Fusion ". This lets him remove "Elemental Hero" monsters in his Graveyard from play to perform a Fusion Summon with them. He removes "Clayman", "Avian", "Burstinatrix" and "Bubbleman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Electrum " in Attack Position. Its effect activates and all of Banner's removed Monster Cards fly back into his Deck. As a result, the ATK of "Helios" falls to 0. "Electrum" attacks and destroys "Helios" with " Fusionist Magistery " (Dub name "Elemental Radiant Burst"). As the attack hits, Banner drops the Emerald Tablet, with the eye at its center cracking. He falls to his knees as his Life Points hit 0. Outside, the pillars of light around the island vanish and the  Spirit Gate  closes. Chazz, Alexis and Atticus return to the locations they were taken from.
 Jaden approaches Banner, who says that Jaden passed his final exam with flying colors. He says that alchemy turning things to gold is only a surface phenomenon. Its true nature is changing the hearts of people into nobler, purer things (in the dub, Banner reveals that he lied - he had not fixed the previous Duels, but had told Jaden that he had as a test of character). Now Jaden has come to know that truth. Banner is content, as his goal has been reached - the one who funded his research has now gained a mighty power, but his mind has also become clouded. As his face begins to crumble, Banner warns Jaden that an even greater disaster will eventually strike this island. To combat that, he had to nurture the power that could oppose that disaster. He hands Jaden the Emerald Tablet, saying that he is the only one that can defend against that great disaster. 
 
         Pharaoh  swallows Banner's soul.     
 Banner's entire body crumbles to dust, his cloak falling on top of it. His corpse, still in the coffin, also crumbles. Pharaoh sniffs at Banner's cloak and from it comes a glowing orb. Pharaoh attempts to catch it as Syrus states he still can't believe Banner was a  Shadow Rider . Jaden adds that all the Shadow Riders are now defeated though. Syrus and Chumley suggest that means peace will return to Duel Academy, but Jaden says they don't know that yet. Pharaoh catches the golden orb and swallows it. Jaden says that Banner told them of a greater disaster. If it comes, he will carry out Banner's will and stop it.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Amnael 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Jaden has 1000 Life Points remaining and controls no cards.
 Banner has 2800 Life Points remaining and controls " Chaos Distill " and " Elemental Absorber ".
 Turn 7: Amnael 
 Amnael  draws " Chaos Greed " and subsequently activates it to  draw  two cards as he has at least four  removed from play  cards and no cards in his  Graveyard . Banner then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 8: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards (" Polymerization " and " Clay Wrap "). He then  Normal Summons  " Elemental HERO Clayman " (800/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates "Clay Wrap" and equips it to "Clayman". Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Clayman" with " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in  Attack Position . As "Clayman" was  sent  to the Graveyard, the  effect  of "Clay Wrap" activates, allowing Jaden to  destroy  " Elemental Absorber ". 
 "Rampart Blaster"  attacks   directly , but Banner activates his face-down " Macro Cosmos " to remove " Chaos Distill " from play and  Special Summon  " Helios - The Primordial Sun " (?/?) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Helios - The Primordial Sun", its  ATK  and  DEF  are equal to the number of monsters that Banner has removed from play times 100. There are currently eleven ("Helios - The Primordial Sun": ? → 1100/? → 1100). Also while "Macro Cosmos" is face-up, any card that Banner sends to the Graveyard will be removed from play instead. Banner then activates his face-down " Planet Alignment " to destroy all monsters Jaden controls and inflict 300  damage  to Jaden (Jaden 1000 → 700). Jaden then Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Amnael 
Amnael draws " Yellow Process - Kitolenics " and subsequently activates it to  Tribute  "Helios - The Primordial Sun" and Special Summon " Helios Duo Megistus " (?/?) from his Deck in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Helios Duo Megistus", its ATK and DEF are equal to the number of monsters that Banner has removed from play times 200. There are currently twelve ("Helios Duo Megistus": ? → 2400/? → 2400). 
 "Helios Duo Megistus" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges " to force Amnael to choose a card a from Jaden's hand. If it's a monster, he may Special Summon it. Jaden's hand contains " Elemental HERO Avian ", " Elemental HERO Bladedge " and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ". Amnael chooses the center card, so "Bladedge" (2600/1800) is Special Summoned in Attack Position. A replay occurs, and Banner uses "Helios Duo Megistus" to attack "Bladedge" instead. "Bladedge" then destroys "Helios Duo Megistus" (Banner 2800 → 2600). 
 The effect of "Helios Duo Megistus" then activates, allowing Banner to Special Summon "Duo Megistus" from the  Removed from Play Zone  in Attack Position and increase its ATK by 300 ("Helios Duo Megistus": 2400 → 2700/2400). "Helios Duo Megistus" attacks and destroys "Bladedge" (Jaden 700 → 600).
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws "Fusion Recovery". He then Normal Summons "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" (800/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden summoned "Bubbleman" while he had no other cards on his side of the field, its effect activates, letting Jaden draw two cards (" Mirror Gate " and "The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh"). Jaden then activates " Fusion Recovery " to add "Clayman" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Bubbleman" with "Elemental Hero Avian" in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Mariner " (1400/1000) in Attack Position. Jaden Sets two cards. "Elemental Hero Mariner" then attacks directly as Jaden has at least one Spell/Trap Card in his Spell & Trap Card Zone (Banner 2600 → 1200).
 Turn 11: Amnael 
Amnael draws "Grand Convergence". "Helios Duo Megistus" attacks "Mariner", but Jaden activates his face-down "Mirror Gate" to switch control of both battling monsters before damage is calculated. Banner then activates " Grand Convergence " to destroy all monsters on the field and inflict 300 damage to Jaden (Jaden 600 → 300). 
 The effect of "Helios Duo Megistus" then activates, Special Summoning itself from the Removed from Play Zone in Attack Position and making its ATK become the way it was before it was destroyed plus 300 ("Helios Duo Megistus": 2700 → 3000/2400). "Helios Duo Megistus" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh " to Special Summon " Winged Kuriboh " (300/200) from his Deck in Defense Position. A replay occurs and "Helios Duo Megistus" attacks and destroys "Winged Kuriboh".
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws "Hero Signal". He then Normal Summons "Clayman" (800/2000) in Defense Position and Sets a card.
 Turn 13: Amnael 
Amnael draws " Red Process - Rubedo " and subsequently activates it to Tribute "Helios Duo Megistus" to Special Summon " Helios Trice Megistus " (?/?) from his Deck in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Helios Trice Megistus", its ATK and DEF increase by 300 for each monster that Banner has removed from play. There are currently thirteen ("Helios Trice Megistus": ? → 3900/? → 3900). 
 "Helios Trice Megistus" attacks and destroys "Clayman". Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Signal " to Special Summon " Elemental HERO Sparkman " (1600/1400) from his Deck in Defense Position. Since "Helios Trice Megistus" finished an attack and Jaden controls a monster, "Helios Trice Megistus" can attack again. "Helios Trice Megistus" attacks and destroys "Sparkman".
 Turn 14: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Miracle Fusion " and subsequently activates it to remove from play "Bubbleman", "Avian", "Burstinatrix" and "Clayman" from his Graveyard and Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Electrum " (2900/2600) in Attack Position. The effect of "Electrum" then activates,  returning  all removed from play cards to their respective player's Decks ("Helios Trice Megistus": 3900 → 0/3900 → 0). "Electrum" attacks and destroys "Helios Trice Megistus" (Banner 1200 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Electrum 
 Elemental HERO Mariner 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clay Wrap 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Miracle Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Hero Signal 
 Mirror Gate 
 
 Amnael Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin 
 Alchemy Beast - Ekenas the Mercury 
 Alchemy Beast - Leon the Lead 
 Alchemy Beast - Moonface the Silver 
 Alchemy Beast - Ouroboros the Bronze 
 Alchemy Beast - Salamandra the Steel 
 Aqua Spirit 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 Golden Homunculus 
 Helios Duo Megistus 
 Helios - The Primordial Sun 
 Helios Trice Megistus 
 Spirit of Flames 
 The Rock Spirit Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Distill 
 Chaos Greed 
 Grand Convergence 
 Planet Alignment 
 Red Process - Rubedo 
 Yellow Process - Kitolenics 
 Traps 
 Elemental Absorber 
 Macro Cosmos 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chthonian Soldier 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Etoile Cyber Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Series046.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120826224402', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/SacredBeastTablet.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808015031', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/ClayWrap-JP-Anime-GX-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160309011726', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/PlanetPrison.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808014951', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/PlanetAlignment-JP-Anime-GX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140617000438', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/BladedgedestroysHelios.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808014834', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/AnchorKnuckle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808014741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/WingedInferno.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808015234', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/AmnaelRFP1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808015402', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/TheDevourerofSouls.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120808015108']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes