Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_001


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 001 
 
 
 
 
 Yugi facing 3 "Blue-Eyes White Dragons". 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 戦慄のブルーアイズ・ホワイト・ドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Senritsu no Burū Aizu Howaito Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Terrifying Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 The Heart of the Cards 
 
 
 Alternate names 
 戦慄のブルーアイズ・ホワイトドラゴン [1] 
 
 
 Number 
 001 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 18, 2000 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 29, 2001 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " V O I C E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Energizing Shower " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 "Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Yukihiro Shino 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Kunihisa Sugishima 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Takahiro Kagami 
 
 
 Art director 
 Nobuto Sakamoto 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese International 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 "N/A" 
 " The Gauntlet is Thrown " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Heart of the Cards ", known as " The Terrifying Blue-Eyes White Dragon " in Japan, is the first episode, and premiere, of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is the first episode of the  Duelist Kingdom  arc. It first aired in Japan on April 18, 2000 and in the United States on September 29, 2001.
 Seto Kaiba  overhears  Yugi Muto  telling his friends that  Solomon Muto , Yugi's grandfather, has a rare card, the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". Obsessed with owning them all, Kaiba challenges Solomon to a Duel and when his holographic arena technology proves too much for the old man, Yugi steps in to Duel to avenge his grandfather's defeat.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Prologue 
 1.2   Present 
 
 1.2.1   School 
 1.2.2   Game shop 
 1.2.3   Kidnapping 
 1.2.4   The Duel 
 1.2.5   Aftermath 
 
 
 
 
 2   Appearances 
 3   Featured Duels 
 
 3.1   Yugi Muto vs. Joey Wheeler 
 3.2   Yami Yugi vs. Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Differences from the TCG/OCG 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Manga version 
 
 7.1   The Cards with Teeth 
 7.2   Death-T 
 
 
 8   Differences in adaptations 
 9   References 
 
 
 Summary 
 Prologue 
 The narrator explains how in Ancient Egypt, when the pyramids were young, ancient Kings played  Shadow Games , which erupted into a war that threatened to destroy the world. However a  Pharaoh  sealed the magic away, imprisoning it in the  Millennium Items .
 3000 years later (5000 in the dub),  Yugi Muto  unlocked the secrets of the  Millennium Puzzle  infusing him with ancient magical energies. Destiny has chosen Yugi to prevent the return of the Shadow Games, just like the Pharaoh did.
 
 Present 
 School 
       Yugi  and  Joey  play  Duel Monsters , while their friends watch.     
 At  Domino High School , Yugi is teaching his friend,  Joey Wheeler , how to play  Duel Monsters , while  Tristan Taylor ,  Téa Gardner  and  Bakura Ryou  watch. Tristan jokes that Joey looks cute when he is thinking. Joey shows Tristan the cards, explaining that they're playing  Duel Monsters . Tristan looks at him blankly and asks "Drooling Monsters?" Joey pushes him away and Téa says that they have been at it for hours; Joey's starting to get the hang of it, but Yugi's an expert.
 As Joey plays " Kagemusha of the Blue Flame ", Téa explains to Tristan that each  monster  has an  ATK  number and a  DEF  number and the first Duelist to eliminate all of their opponent's  Life Points  wins the Duel.
 Joey is pleased with his move. Although Yugi agrees it was good, he plays " Blackland Fire Dragon ", which is powerful enough to defeat Joey. Tristan teases Joey's skill, but Yugi assures Joey that he played alright. Yugi just has better cards, he tells them, which is because his  grandfather  owns  a game shop , where he gets all his good cards. Joey gets fired up to visit the shop and Yugi talks about a  super rare card  his grandfather has.
 A few tables across,  Seto Kaiba  is reading  Also Sprach Zarathustra . (In the dub, the cover of the book is blank.) He overhears Yugi's conversation and wonders if the rare card is the one he has been searching for.
 
 Game shop 
       Tristan  takes the card to  Solomon 's horror.     
 After school, Yugi, Joey, Tristan and Téa arrive at his grandfather's shop. He asks his grandfather if he could show them his rare card. Solomon thinks about it, laughs and says "how can I refuse?". He produces a decorative box and tells them that they are in for a treat and he does not usually take this card out.
 He holds up the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" card, telling them it is so rare and powerful that he never lets it leave his hands. The kids are impressed, except for Tristan, who grabs the card from Solomon's hand, remarking that he does not see anything special about it. Solomon snatches it back, insisting that the card is priceless; there are only four of them in the world.
 As Joey prepares to trade for other cards, Kaiba enters the shop. Solomon asks if he can help him and Kaiba says if he cannot, it would not surprise him. The kids are surprised to see him here, as he has a  big company  to run. Kaiba says he is here to see the card. Joey is glad to hear that Kaiba plays  Duel Monsters  too, and suggests that they could all Duel together. Kaiba mocks the idea, saying he would have more of a challenge playing solitaire; he is the number one ranked Duelist in the country and the favorite to win the  Duel Monsters  World Championship. Joey is intimidated and suggests they settle this with fists instead of cards, but Yugi steps in between them and tries to calm Joey down.
 
       Kaiba  sees the card.     
 Kaiba sees the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" on the table in its case. He rushes over to it, pushing Yugi aside. Solomon takes the card away and asks if there is anything else he can help him with. Kaiba slams his  briefcase  on the counter and opens it, showing it is full of rare  Duel Monsters  cards. He offers to trade all of them for the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". To everyone's surprise, Solomon declines.
 Kaiba then attempts to buy the card, asking Solomon to name his price; he can pay anything that he asks. Solomon refuses and explains that he does not want to give it away because it was given to him by a dear friend, so he treasures the card. Kaiba leaves, realizing it is useless trying to get it peacefully.
 
 
 Kidnapping 
 As Kaiba leaves in his limousine, he is sickened by Solomon's attitude about the  Heart of the Cards . He believes that the cards are all about power, and that one way or another, the Blue-Eyes White Dragon card will be his.
 At the  KaibaCorp  building, Kaiba tells his employees that he wants them to pick up something at the game shop. The next morning,  Hobson  and two other goons arrive at the game shop. Hobson tells Solomon that his master, Seto Kaiba, challenges him to a Duel. When Solomon asks "And if he was to decline?", Hobson says they must insist. Solomon thinks that Kaiba does not understand, but he will teach him a lesson about the Heart of the Cards.
 Yugi and his friends arrive to find his grandfather missing. Suddenly, the phone rings, and Yugi answers it, only to find out that it is Kaiba, telling Yugi that his grandfather is not feeling well and needs picking up. (In the dub, the words "Now Printing" are removed from a box near the phone.)
 Yugi and his friends make their way to KaibaCorp, where they find Solomon seriously injured. Solomon tells Yugi that he failed; he had tried to teach Kaiba a lesson about the Heart of the Cards, but he lost. Kaiba appears in the room and says that he defeated Solomon in a Duel, with each of them putting up their most valuable card as the prize. He guesses that playing against a champion like himself was too much stimulation for Yugi's grandfather. Téa accuses Kaiba of cheating, which he denies. (In the dub, she tells Kaiba he should be ashamed of himself).
 Kaiba holds up Solomon's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", then tears it in two; Yugi protests that it was his grandfather's most "treasured card". Kaiba says that since a Deck can only hold three copies of each card, the fourth could become an enemy. (In the dub, he says that he did not want anyone to use it against him).
 Solomon hands Yugi his Deck, saying that he put his soul in these cards and taught Yugi everything he knows. He instructs Yugi to take them and teach Kaiba a lesson about respect for the Heart of the Cards. Yugi insists that he needs to take him to a doctor but Kaiba remarks that it sounds like an excuse. Yugi's friends offer to take Grandpa to the hospital, while Yugi faces Kaiba.
 Yugi is unsure, but the others offer support. Joey says "I used to love fighting, but it was you who changed me, Yugi. You can do it." (In the dub, Joey says that Yugi is the best Duelist he has ever seen and he has the Millennium Puzzle. He knows Yugi can do it).
 
         The  symbol of friendship     
 Before Yugi leaves, Téa uses a marker to draw a smiley face  symbol of friendship  on the back of everyone's right hands. She says that even though the ink will wash away, they will always remember the circle of their friendship. (In the dub she says that when Yugi's Dueling, he will know that he is not alone. They will all be right there with him.)
 As Téa, Tristan and Joey take Solomon to the ambulance, Téa suggests that Joey stay behind to support Yugi.
 
 The Duel 
 Kaiba takes Yugi to a virtual stadium. Kaiba says he designed the stadium himself and he thinks Yugi will agree that it will add a bit more life to the game. Kaiba says that they will play using the Kaiba Special Rules. (In the dub he says that they each begin with 2000 Life Points and the first player to hit 0 loses).
 Yugi activates the Millennium Puzzle and changes into  Yami Yugi . Kaiba is slightly startled by Yugi's change in attitude. Yugi says "Now Kaiba, it's time to Duel".
 
         The holographic technology.     
 Kaiba goes first and Summons " Hitotsu-Me Giant ". A hologram of the monster emerges onto the field. Yugi is surprised to see the monster come to life. Kaiba explains that it is his virtual simulator; it creates life-like holograms of every  Duel Monster . Yugi realizes that this is how Kaiba beat Solomon.
 Yugi starts his turn and Summons " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress ". At this point, Joey arrives at the Duel and is shocked by the presence of the monsters. The two monsters get ready to battle and Yugi commands "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" to use its "Fireball" attack. "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" launches a fireball at "Hitotsu-Me Giant",  destroying  it and lowering Kaiba's Life Points to 1800.
 Mokuba Kaiba  rushes into the room, asking his brother if he’s alright, while Joey celebrates on Yugi taking out one of Kaiba's monsters.
 Kaiba says that he should have started with a handicap this size anyway. (In the dub, he says "Well played... for a beginner".) He asks how Yugi will stand against this and Summons " Saggi the Dark Clown " in  Attack Position .
 Yugi is puzzled, as the monster has only 600  ATK , but Kaiba combines it with the  Magic Card  " Negative Energy Generator ", tripling its ATK. ("Negative Energy Generator" has  different artworks  in the dub and Japanese versions.) "Saggi's" ATK goes up to 1800 and Kaiba orders it to attack "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" with "Dark Light". "Saggi" launches a ball of energy at its  target  and destroys it. Yugi's Life Points drop to 1600.
 Yugi thinks that Kaiba is a good player, and that he knows every aspect of this game, but his Grandpa put all his gaming knowledge and his heart into this Deck, so he must believe it holds some secret strategy. He draws " Right Leg of the Forbidden One ". (This has  different artworks  in the dub and Japanese versions.) Yugi thinks the card is useless as it cannot defeat "Saggi" so he  Sets  a monster card in  Defense Position  to protect his Life Points.
 Kaiba starts his turn and uses Saggi to attack and destroy Yugi's  face-down  monster which turns out to be " Sangan ". ("Sangan" did not have an effect at this point in the series.)
 Joey tells Yugi to hang in there as Kaiba continues to destroy more of his monsters, including " Battle Steer " and " Torike ".
 Kaiba says he can practically hear Yugi's grandpa's dying breath coming from those cards. (In the dub he says Yugi's not doing any better than Solomon did; his Deck is just as weak and feeble as his grandfather).
 Yugi argues that his grandfather is a great man and a better Duelist than Kaiba will ever be. He can feel his heart in this Deck and doubts Kaiba has that kind of faith in his cards. Saying he believes in his grandfather's Deck, Yugi draws his next card. He tells Kaiba that his faith has rewarded him with " Gaia The Fierce Knight ". Yugi summons "Gaia" and uses it to attack and destroy "Saggi The Dark Clown", lowering Kaiba's Life Points to 1300. Joey compliments Yugi, who invites Kaiba to make his move.
 Kaiba laughs that the Duel will be over sooner than Yugi thinks and draws a card. He summons "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Joey is surprised again and states that it is impossible, as they all saw Kaiba tear that card in half. Kaiba explains that Yugi's grandfather was not the only one to possess a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Gaia The Fierce Knight", dropping Yugi's Life Points to 900. Kaiba says that, faith or no faith, Yugi will fall before his superior monsters; faith is for losers, like his grandfather.
 As more of Yugi's monsters are destroyed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" including " Horn Imp " and " Beaver Warrior ", Kaiba states that there is not a card in Yugi's Deck that can stand up to a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". He asks Yugi what hope he has against two, as he Summons another "Blue-Eyes White Dragon".
 
         Grandpa being rushed through the hospital.     
 Meanwhile, Solomon is being rushed through the hospital on a bed with Téa and Tristan at his sides. Solomon calls to Yugi, encouraging him not to give up.
 Back at the Duel, Yugi refuses to give up. He draws and plays " Swords of Revealing Light ", which prevents all of Kaiba's monsters from attacking for three turns. Kaiba calls the move desperate and asks Yugi "what good will a three-turn delay do you?".
 Yugi thinks Kaiba's right and looks at the cards in his  hand : " Left Arm of the Forbidden One ", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One", " Left Leg of the Forbidden One " and "Rude Kaiser". (The dub mistakenly shows the " Right Arm of the Forbidden One " instead of the "Left Arm". All "of the Forbidden One" cards have different artworks in the dub and Japanese versions.) He cannot figure out what to do with these cards; they are just pieces.
 Yugi then hears Solomon's voice. It says to him, for someone who claims to have faith, he is giving up too easily and that sometimes the cards are like a puzzle and you must put all the pieces in their proper place. "Like the  Millennium Puzzle ?", Yugi asks. "Exactly", Solomon replies, "Each piece helps build a greater entity, like the pieces of a puzzle".
 Yugi starts to ponder on this and remembers his grandfather telling him about  Duel Monsters  only unstoppable monster, " Exodia ". However "Exodia" can only be summoned by gathering all five parts; a feat that, to this day, no one has ever accomplished.
 Kaiba threatens to treat Yugi's stalling as a  forfeit , if he does not stop. Yugi draws the " Right Arm of the Forbidden One ".
 Kaiba claims that Yugi can draw whatever card he wants but it will not change a thing. Although his two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" are frozen, his new monster is under no such spell. (At this point in the series, the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" was different than its real-life counterpart. It only affected monsters that were already on the field when it was activated.) Kaiba Summons " Judge Man " who takes-out Yugi's face-down " Rude Kaiser ".
 Yugi draws " Dark Magician ". He thinks he can use this to attack, but it will not stand a chance once Kaiba's dragons are free. He goes ahead and Summons "Dark Magician" and uses it to destroy "Judge Man". Kaiba's Life Points fall to 1000.
 Kaiba considers that to be a sacrifice which does not even faze him. Although his dragons cannot attack, he Summons his third "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", which can attack. It attacks and destroys "Dark Magician", dropping Yugi's Life Points to 400.
 Kaiba asks Yugi how his faith is now; with his three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" free to attack next turn, there is nothing Yugi can do; Yugi was never a match for Kaiba. Joey urges Yugi not to listen to him. Yugi realizes that Kaiba wanted the fourth "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" just so he would have them all, then tore it up so it could not be used against him.
 
         Yugi imagines his friends are with him.     
 He realizes that he must draw the last piece of "Exodia", but the odds are against him. He tries to draw but his Deck seemingly moves away from him. Yugi wonders if the cards are moving away from him but thinks, no, it is just himself and he is afraid to draw. (In the dub, he says the Deck senses his doubt so he tells Yugi to concentrate and not lose faith). He notices the mark Téa drew on his hand and imagines his friends standing there with him.
 Kaiba tells Yugi to draw his last "pathetic" card, so he can end this Duel. However Yugi says his grandfather's Deck has no pathetic cards but it does have the unstoppable "Exodia", as he draws " Exodia the Forbidden One ".
 
         Kaiba screaming as he loses.     
 Kaiba recoils in horror, remarking that it is impossible. Yugi places the five pieces on the field and a large star appears. (In the dub, the star has been given more points.) The complete "Exodia" emerges from the star. Kaiba steps back once again, calling it impossible, as no one has ever managed to call "Exodia" before. Yugi orders "Exodia" to "Obliterate". "Exodia" destroys all three of Kaiba's dragons and drops his Life Points to 0.
 
 Aftermath 
         Kaiba gets  Mind Crushed .     
 Joey cheers and Mokuba looks up in surprise, since his brother never loses. Yugi tells Kaiba that he plays only for power and that is why he lost but if you put your heart in the game, there is nothing you cannot do.
 Kaiba wonders how he could have lost. The  Eye of Anubis  appears on Yugi's forehead. Yugi tells Kaiba that he will crush the evil in his heart and taps into the power of the Millennium Puzzle, granting Kaiba a " Mind Crush ". (In the dub, Yugi tells him if he wants to know to open his mind, he needs to do it; "Kaiba, if you truly want to know, open your mind!"). Kaiba falls to his knees.
 Over at the hospital, Solomon wakes up, knowing that Yugi won the Duel.
 
           
 Elsewhere,  Maximillion Pegasus  is informed that the uncontested champion Seto Kaiba has been defeated by someone named Yugi. Pegasus smiles and his  Millennium Eye  flashes.
 
 
 Appearances 
 Items in bold debuted here.
 
 
 Characters 
 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Téa Gardner 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto 
 Hobson 
 Yami Yugi 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Locations 
 
 Domino City 
 Domino High School 
 Kame Game 
 KaibaCorp headquarters 
 Events 
 
 Yugi Muto and Joey Wheeler's school Duel 
 Seto Kaiba and Solomon Muto's Duel  (offscreen) 
 Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba's first Duel 
 Items 
 
 Millennium Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Duel Monsters 
 Playmat 
 Duralumin case 
 Heart of the Cards 
 Symbol of friendship 
 Dueling Arena 
 Solid Vision 
 Penalty Game 
 Mind Crush 
 Organizations 
 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yugi Muto vs. Joey Wheeler 
 Duel  already in progress.
 Joey's turn 
 Joey 's  hand  contains " Kageningen ", " The Furious Sea King ", " Claw Reacher " and " Skull Stalker ". Joey  Normal Summons  " Kagemusha of the Blue Flame " (800/400) in  Attack Position .
 Yugi's turn 
 Yugi  Normal Summons " Blackland Fire Dragon " (1500/800) in Attack Position. "Blackland Fire Dragon"  attacks  and  destroys  "Kagemusha" (Joey: 700 or less → 0  LP ).
 
 Yami Yugi vs. Seto Kaiba 
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  Normal Summons " Hitotsu-Me Giant " (1200/1000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi  Normal Summons " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress " (1400/1200) in Attack Position. "Winged Dragon" attacks and destroys "Hitotsu-Me Giant" (Kaiba: 2000 → 1800 LP).
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
Kaiba  draws . He then Normal Summons " Saggi the Dark Clown " (600/1500) in Attack Position. Kaiba then activates " Negative Energy Generator " to triple the  ATK  of "Saggi" as it is a  DARK  monster ("Saggi": 600 → 1800/1500). "Saggi" attacks and destroys "Winged Dragon" (Yugi: 2000 → 1600 LP).
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Right Leg of the Forbidden One ". He then  Sets  a monster.
 Turn 5: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. "Saggi" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Sangan " (1000/600).
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
"Saggi" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Battle Steer " (1800/1300).
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 9: Kaiba 
"Saggi" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Torike " (1200/600).
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Gaia The Fierce Knight " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2300/2100) in Attack Position. "Gaia" attacks and destroys "Saggi" (Kaiba: 1800 → 1300 LP).
 Turn 11: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Gaia" (Yugi: 1600 → 900 LP).
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 13: Kaiba 
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Horn Imp " (1300/1000).
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws. He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 15: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Beaver Warrior " (1200/1500). Kaiba then Normal Summons another "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (3000/2500) in Attack Position.
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Swords of Revealing Light " and subsequently activates it. Now for three turns, all monsters Kaiba  controls  must be  face-up  and cannot attack.
 Turn 17: Kaiba 
Kaiba passes. The effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" will expire in two turns.
 Turn 18: Yami Yugi 
Yugi's hand contains "Rude Kaiser", " Left Leg of the Forbidden One ", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One" and " Left Arm of the Forbidden One ". Yugi draws " Right Arm of the Forbidden One ". He then Sets a monster.
 Turn 19: Kaiba 
Kaiba Normal Summons " Judge Man " (2200/1500) in Attack Position. Since "Judge Man" was Summoned after "Swords of Revealing Light" was activated, it can attack. "Judge Man" attacks and destroys Yugi's Set " Rude Kaiser " (1800/1600). The effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" will expire in one turn.
 Turn 20: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Dark Magician " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2500/2100) in Attack Position. "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Judge Man" (Kaiba: 1300 → 1000 LP).
 Turn 21: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws his last "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and subsequently Normal Summons it (3000/2500) in Attack Position. The newly Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys "Dark Magician" (Yugi: 900 → 400 LP). At the  End Phase , the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" expires.
 Turn 22: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Exodia the Forbidden One ". Since Yugi also has "Left Arm", "Left Leg", "Right Arm" and "Right Leg" in his hand, he  automatically wins . For dramatic effect, "Exodia" is  Special Summoned  (∞/∞) in Attack Position. "Exodia" attacks and destroys every monster Kaiba controls (Kaiba: 1000 → 0 LP).
 
 Mistakes 
 When Yugi places a card in  face-down   Defense Position  and Kaiba destroys it with "Saggi the Dark Clown", it is shown to be "Sangan". However, in the pre-commercial fadeout immediately following this scene, "Saggi" is shown destroying "Torike". 
 Two copies of "Right Arm of the Forbidden One" are shown. One was in Yugi's hand and the other when he drew the same piece. 
 The kanji for "DARK" is missing on the  Attribute  of the "Blackland Fire Dragon" card in the dub. 
 When Kaiba is seen in his limo, a piece of Japanese OST is briefly heard in the dub. 
 Differences from the TCG/OCG 
 The Duels in this episode followed the earlier  Duel Monsters  rules, so 2000 Life Points were used instead of 8000,  Tributes  were not required for  Level  5 or higher monsters and players could only attack with 1 monster per turn.
 Differences in individual cards included:
 
 "Sangan" did not have an effect in this episode. 
 The  effect  of " Swords of Revealing Light " could not prevent monsters summoned after its activation from attacking. 
 Rather than instantly winning once all 5 "Exodia" pieces were in Yugi's hand, "Exodia" was Summoned as a monster who attacked Kaiba and his monsters, lowering his Life Points to 0. This makes little difference from the original game though. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Claw Reacher 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame 
 Kageningen 
 Skull Stalker 
 The Furious Sea King 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blackland Fire Dragon 
 
 Solomon Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 Seto Kaiba (briefcase) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Air Eater 
 Anthrosaurus 
 B. Dragon Jungle King 
 Battle Steer 
  Bolt Escargot 
 Boulder Tortoise 
 Cyber Soldier 
 Flame Cerebus 
 Launcher Spider 
 Millenium Golem 
 Monstrous Bird 
 Royal Guard 
 Sea King Dragon 
 Togex Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Empress Judge 
 Giltia the D. Knight 
 Labyrinth Tank 
 Punished Eagle 
 Roaring Ocean Snake 
 Skelgon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Block Attack 
 Mooyan Curry 
 Polymerization 
 Red Medicine 
 Remove Trap 
 
 Seto Kaiba (Deck) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Judge Man 
 Saggi the Dark Clown Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Negative Energy Generator 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Steer 
 Beaver Warrior 
 Dark Magician 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Horn Imp 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Torike 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 
 Effect Monsters 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Sangan Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Manga version 
 This episode is based on various chapters from the  manga . It combines Yugi's first 2 encounters with Seto Kaiba but excludes many events, including the  Death-T  theme park.
 
 The Cards with Teeth 
 The Cards with Teeth  is the  ninth  and  tenth  chapter of the manga.
 In this chapter,  Yugi ,  Anzu (Téa)  and  Jonouchi (Joey)  went to  Sugoroku's (Solomon's)  shop to see  Duel Monsters  cards, without  Honda (Tristan)  and before seeing Yugi and Jonouchi play at school.
 Kaiba  came to the shop, not particularly looking for the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". He didn't have the other 3 at this point and wanted Sugoroku's to become more powerful, rather than to stop it from being used against him.
 Yugi Dueled Jonouchi at school after visiting the shop. Rather than " Kagemusha of the Blue Flame ", Jonouchi had a  Zombie  monster, which was not shown. They had the attention of much more people in the class, but not Honda or Bakura.
 At school, after Kaiba told Yugi that his grandfather had taught him how to love the cards, Kaiba asked to see the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" again. Yugi showed him the card, but Kaiba exchanged it for a counterfeit. When Yugi tried getting the real one back, Kaiba struck him with his briefcase, causing  Dark Yugi (Yami Yugi)  to come out.
 Dark Yugi Dueled Kaiba in a  Shadow Game  of  Duel Monsters  to win back the card. Kaiba cheated and slipped the "Blue-Eyes" into his hand. However the "Blue-Eyes" remained loyal to Sugoroku and betrayed Kaiba, by destroying itself. After Kaiba lost, Yami inflicted a  Penalty Game , where Kaiba imagined he was sent to the  Duel Monsters Spirit World  and repeatedly killed by Duel Monsters.
 
 See also:  Yu-Gi-Oh! - Duel 009 § Second series 
 Death-T 
 Death-T  is an arc in the manga, where Yugi is forced to play in Kaiba's theme park of death.
 Kaiba invites Yugi to his mansion the night before the opening of his  KaibaLand  theme park. At the grand opening, he reveals he has kidnapped Yugi's grandfather and Duels him. They Duel using  Battle Boxes  rather than the large  Dueling Arenas . Sugoroku uses "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but is overwhelmed by the holograms and Kaiba's 3 "Blue-Eyes White Dragons".
 Kaiba tears up Sugoroku's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and subjects him to an artificial  Penalty Game . In order for him to be released, Yugi is coerced into swearing he will face Kaiba's Death-T.
 Like in the anime, Sugoroku gives Yugi his Deck to use against Kaiba.
 Much of the stages of Death-T are skipped in the anime.
 Some of the conversation used at the start of Death-T 3 is used in the anime, shortly before Yugi faces Kaiba. Jonouchi tells his friends that he changed after meeting Yugi. That is used in the Japanese version of this episode. Honda says he always wanted to pick a fight regardless of who or what it was with, but realized the person he wanted to hit was himself. The anime has Jonouchi say something similar "I used to love fighting, but it was you who changed me". Shortly after hearing this, Anzu draws the smiley face on their hands.
 After Death-T 3, Yugi admits to thinking there is another Yugi to his friends. He does not disclose this until much later in the anime.
 Yugi's Duel with Kaiba in this episode is based on their Duel in Death-T 5. A number of changes were made, including:
 
 The cards Yugi played in  face-down   Defense Mode  were all played  face-up  in the manga. 
 After " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress " defeated " Hitotsu-Me Giant ", Kaiba Summoned " The Wicked Worm Beast ". The two monsters were equal in  ATK , but since "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" could fly it had a 35% chance of evading, so it dodged the attack from "The Wicked Worm Beast", but "The Wicked Worm Beast" got hit by "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" and was destroyed. This move was skipped in the anime. 
 After the above move, Yugi played an unnamed monster in Defense Mode. 
 " Dark Energy " had been used to triple the ATK of " Saggi the Dark Clown " ATK. In the anime, it was changed to " Negative Energy Generator ". 
 "Saggi" destroyed the unnamed monsters mentioned above and two other unnamed monsters. In the anime, these were replaced with " Battle Steer " and " Torike ". 
 While Kaiba's two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" were unable to attack, due to " Swords of Revealing Light ", Kaiba played an unnamed monster in Defense Mode. 
 " Beaver Warrior " was destroyed by Kaiba's " Judge Man ". In the anime, "Beaver Warrior" had been previously destroyed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and " Rude Kaiser " was the monster destroyed by "Judge Man". 
 After receiving the  Mind Crush , Kaiba is left in a coma for six months.
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the English dub,  Téa  mentions that  Joey  and  Yugi  have been playing  Duel Monsters  for hours and that she thinks Yugi is an expert at the game. In the Japanese version she explains some of the rules of the game. 
 The book Kaiba is reading near the beginning of the episode is  Also sprach Zarathustra  in the Japanese version (though it spells sprach as spracha). In the English version, the book's cover is blank. 
 In the Japanese version, Kaiba is identified as the son of the President of Kaiba Corp. However, later episodes reveal that Kaiba had taken over the company long before the events of this episode. The English Dub removes this error by replacing the line with a statement that Kaiba "has a big company to run". 
 In the English dub, the bottom row of cards in  Kaiba's briefcase  are shifted one card to the left, bringing "Anthrosaurus" into view. 
 In the Japanese version, a box next to the phone in the game shop has the word "Printing" on it, while in the English version the writing is not there. 
 In the Japanese version, Kaiba reveals that he ripped up the fourth " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card because only three are allowed in a single person's Deck. 
 When Joey is encouraging Yugi to Duel Kaiba, in the English dub he tells him he is the best Duelist he has ever seen while in the Japanese version, he reminds Yugi that he was the one who helped him turn his life around (a reference to the manga). 
 The " Negative Energy Generator " card has a different design in the English dub. In the Japanese version it depicts an eye while in the English version it depicts the letter E. 
 The pentagram that " Exodia " emerges from has more points in the English version to remove religious connotations. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh 2000 story 001 to 010   (Japanese) 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Heart of the Cards " #002 " The Gauntlet is Thrown " #003 " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " #004 " Into the Hornet's Nest " #005 " The Ultimate Great Moth " #006 " First Duel " #007 " Attack from the Deep " #008 " Everything's Relative " #009 " Duel With a Ghoul " #010 " Give up the Ghost " #011 " The Dueling Monkey " #012 " Trial by Red Eyes " #013 " Evil Spirit of the Ring " #014 " The Light at the End of the Tunnel " #015 " Winning Through Intimidation " #016 " The Scars of Defeat " #017 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 1 " #018 " Arena of Lost Souls, Part 2 " #019 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 1 " #020 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 2 " #021 " Double Trouble Duel, Part 3 " #022 " Face Off, Part 1 " #023 " Face Off, Part 2 " #024 " Face Off, Part 3 " #025 " Shining Friendship " #026 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 1 " #027 " Champion vs. Creator, Part 2 " #028 " The Night Before " #029 " Duel Identity, Part 1 " #030 " Duel Identity, Part 2 " #031 " Keith's Machinations, Part 1 " #032 " Keith's Machinations, Part 2 " #033 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 1 " #034 " Best of Friends, Best of Duelists, Part 2 " #035 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 1 " #036 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 2 " #037 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 3 " #038 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 4 " #039 " Yugi vs. Pegasus: Match of the Millennium, Part 5 " #040 " Aftermath " #041 " The Wrath of Rebecca " #042 " The Ties of Friendship " #043 " Legendary Heroes, Part 1 " #044 " Legendary Heroes, Part 2 " #045 " Legendary Heroes, Part 3 " #046 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 1 " #047 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 2 " #048 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 3 " #049 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/DMx001_Triple_Blue-Eyes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140404164917', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/DMx001_Duel_Monsters_at_school.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831144630', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/DMx001_What%27s_the_big_deal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831144634', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/DMx001_Kaiba_sees_the_Blue-Eyes.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831144637', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/DMx001_Friendship_symbol.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831150406', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/DMx001_Holographic_technology.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831150410', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/DMx001_At_the_hospital.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100224032046', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/DMx001_We%27re_with_you.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831150419', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/DMx001_Kaiba_Loses.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120229223808', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/DMx001_Mind_Crushed.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090831150450', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Yu-Gi-Oh_001_Final-scene.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141119171316']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes