Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Valhalla_Calling


 
 Valhalla Calling 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English 
 Valhalla Calling 
 
 
 
 Set Information 
 
 Medium 
 Video game  
 
 
 Type 
 Booster pack 
 
 
 Number of cards 
 90 
 
 
 Cover card 
 Odin, Father of the Aesir 
 
 
 Release date 
 August 31, 2019 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 Navigation 
 
 
 Previous 
 Current 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Curse of Dread 
 Valhalla Calling 
 Dark Dimension 
 
 
 
 
 
 Valhalla Calling  is an original pack in the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . It was first released in-game on August 31, 2019.
 
 Description  
 Rise to the call from the heavens! The  Nordic  Gods and the  Agents  are here! 
 
 Featuring: 
" Odin, Father of the Aesir ", The ace Synchro Monster of " Nordic " Decks! This monster cannot be affected by Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the turn, making it easy to utilize its high ATK! Even if it is destroyed by your opponent, you can Special Summon it at the end of the turn by banishing 1 " Nordic Ascendant " Tuner monster from your Graveyard. When doing so, you get to draw a card as well! 
" Scrap Dragon ", A Synchro Monster that destroys 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls! Destroy cards on your side of the field with effects that activate when destroyed to get maximum value! 
" Master Hyperion ", This monster can be Special Summoned by banishing 1 " The Agent " monster from your hand, field, or Graveyard! Once per turn, you can banish a LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your Graveyard to destroy 1 card on the field! If " The Sanctuary in the Sky " is face-up on the field, you can use this effect twice per turn! 
" Fortune Lady Every ", " Fortune Lady " monsters, used by  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , now have their very own Synchro Monster! Once per turn, you can increase its level to banish 1 face-up monster your opponent controls! In addition, if this card is in the Graveyard at the end of your opponent's turn, you can banish 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Graveyard to Special Summon it! 
A total of 90 types of Cards: 9 UR, 11 SR, 28 R, and 42 N.
 
 
 
 Each box of  Valhalla Calling  contains 180 packs. Each pack contains 3 different cards, which will always consist of 2 Normal (aka Common) cards and 1 Rare, Super Rare, or Ultra Rare card. There is a guaranteed number of copies of each individual card per box, depending on its rarity:
 
 Ultra Rare: 1 copy 
 Super Rare: 1 copy 
 Rare: 6 copies 
 Normal (aka Common): 8 copies
 The exceptions to this are the following Normal cards, with there being 9 copies of each instead: " Otohime ", " Guard Dog ", " U.A. Playmaker ", " Armor Breaker ", and " Wattcine ". 
 The following cards are reprints from previous packs: " The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury ", " Wattcube ", " U.A. Mighty Slugger ", " U.A. Rival Rebounder ", " Otohime ", " Ray of Hope ", " Guard Dog ", " Armor Breaker ", " Wattcine ", and " U.A. Playmaker ". 
 List 
 Name Rarity Category " Odin, Father of the Aesir " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Scrap Dragon " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Masked HERO Dian " Ultra Rare Effect   Fusion Monster " Master Hyperion " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " The Agent of Mystery - Earth " Ultra Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Fortune Lady Calling " Ultra Rare Normal   Spell Card " Banishment of the Darklords " Ultra Rare Normal   Spell Card " Forbidden Lance " Ultra Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen " Ultra Rare Continuous   Spell Card " Fortune Lady Every " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Star Eater " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " HTS Psyhemuth " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Fortune Lady Past " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Elemental HERO Solid Soldier " Super Rare Effect Monster " U.A. Perfect Ace " Super Rare Effect Monster " Reptilianne Lamia " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Super-Nimble Mega Hamster " Super Rare Flip monster " Hyper Hammerhead " Super Rare Effect Monster " Shining Angel " Super Rare Effect Monster " Kinka-byo " Super Rare Spirit monster " Thor, Lord of the Aesir " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Loki, Lord of the Aesir " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Flower Cardian Boardefly " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Watthydra " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Valkyrie of the Nordic Ascendant " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Tanngrisnir of the Nordic Beasts " Rare Effect Monster " Guldfaxe of the Nordic Beasts " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts " Rare Effect Monster " The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter " Rare Effect Monster " The Agent of Entropy - Uranus " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Flower Cardian Pine " Rare Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Clover with Boar " Rare Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Maple with Deer " Rare Effect Monster " Wattdragonfly " Rare Effect Monster " Wattmole " Rare Effect Monster " U.A. Blockbacker " Rare Effect Monster " Warrior Lady of the Wasteland " Rare Effect Monster " Hecatrice " Rare Effect Monster " Little Trooper " Rare Effect Monster " Recardination " Rare Normal   Spell Card " U.A. Turnover Tactics " Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Gleipnir, the Fetters of Fenrir " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Wattkeeper " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Flower Wolf " Normal Fusion Monster " Garmr of the Nordic Beasts " Normal Effect Monster " Ljosalf of the Nordic Alfar " Normal Effect Monster " Svartalf of the Nordic Alfar " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Dverg of the Nordic Alfar " Normal Effect Monster " Mimir of the Nordic Ascendant " Normal Effect Monster " Tyr of the Nordic Champions " Normal Effect Monster " Mara of the Nordic Alfar " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Jormungardr the Nordic Serpent " Normal Effect Monster " The Agent of Force - Mars " Normal Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass " Normal Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane " Normal Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon " Normal Effect Monster " Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Wattkiwi " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Wattsquirrel " Normal Effect Monster " U.A. Goalkeeper " Normal Effect Monster " Reptilianne Servant " Normal Effect Monster " Sword Master " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Skull Stalker " Normal Normal Monster " Winged Egg of New Life " Normal Normal Monster " Charcoal Inpachi " Normal Normal Monster " Nordic Relic Draupnir " Normal Equip   Spell Card " Gotterdammerung " Normal Normal   Spell Card " March Towards Ragnarok " Normal Quick-Play   Spell Card " Flower Stacking " Normal Normal   Spell Card " Wattcastle " Normal Field   Spell Card " Wattjustment " Normal Equip   Spell Card " Divine Relic Mjollnir " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Solemn Authority " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Nordic Relic Brisingamen " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Nordic Relic Laevateinn " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Nordic Relic Gungnir " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Odin's Eye " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Nordic Relic Megingjord " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Fraud Freeze " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury " Rare Effect Monster " U.A. Mighty Slugger " Rare Effect Monster " U.A. Rival Rebounder " Rare Effect Monster " Wattcube " Rare Equip   Spell Card " U.A. Playmaker " Normal Effect Monster " Otohime " Normal Spirit monster " Guard Dog " Normal Flip monster " Armor Breaker " Normal Union monster " Wattcine " Normal Continuous   Spell Card " Ray of Hope " Normal Normal   Trap Card 
 External links 
 konami.com   Valhalla Calling 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links Events 
 Character unlock events 
 Welcome to Toon World 
 Fear the Deck of Terror! The Destiny Board of Doom 
 Paradox Brothers: Guardians of the Gate 
 Attack of the Rare Hunters! Yami Marik Returns! 
 Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom! 
 Dr. Crowler's Tricky Tests 
 Bonz's Spooky Zombie Party 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Begins! 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Awaken! Rainbow Dragon! 
 Syrus Truesdale's Road to Duel Links 
 Espa Roba's Duel Carnival 
 Cyberdark Impact! Zane Truesdale Strikes! 
 Tabletop RPG: Monster World 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sector Security on the Move! Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 I've Got Dino DNA! Tyranno Hassleberry's Ultimate Evolution 
 Consumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 Raid Duel - The Flames of Vengeance: Ccapac Apu 
 Rise of Yubel - Soul Polymerization 
 Destiny Decided! Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Transcend Game Part 2 
 Raid Duel - The Netherworld Cometh: Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Memories of a Friend 
 Blair Flannigan's Maiden in Love 
 Carly Carmine's Duel Links Spotlight! 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Téa Gardner's Reminiscence of the Future 
 Duelist Road - Clash at Crash Town 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 Shark Attack: Numbers Appear 
 D.D. Castle: Assault 
 Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist 
 Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 Raid Duel - Fear the Meklord Emperor 
 Raid Duel - Giant Grinder: The Meet-and-Greet of Nightmares 
 D.D. Castle: Supreme King Rises 
 For the Sake of the Family: Trey Arrives 
 The Power Beyond Dimensions: Declan Akaba 
 Raid Duel - The Embodiment of Despair: Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 The Dark Duelist of Xyz: Yuto! 
 Roaming character events 
 Roaming Duelists 
 Rex Raptor's Dino Mayhem! 
 Chazz-A-Thon 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Other events 
 Duel-A-Thon 
 Duelist Challenges 
 Card Flipper Campaign 
 Unleash the Egyptian God Card! Yami Marik Returns II 
 D.D. Tower: Fire Dimension 
 D.D. Tower: Water Dimension 
 Duel Island: -Gladiator- 
 D.D. Tower: Wind & Earth Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 D.D. Tower: Dark Dimension 
 Duel Quest 
 D.D. Tower: Sacred Light Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Tour Guide's Bingo Missions 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Society of Light 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Mission Circuit 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Yubel 
 Turbo Duel Grand Prix 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Fight for the Fortune Cup 
 Carly's Fortune-Telling 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Attack of the Dark Signers 
 D.D. Castle: Emergence 
 D.D. Castle: Siege 
 Duelist Road - The Power of ZEXAL! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Duelist Road - The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D's: The Three Emperors of Iliaster 
 
 Items 
 Card sleeve 
 Gate Key 
 Ticket 
 Icon 
 Playmat 
 Sets 
 Main Packs 
 The Ultimate Rising 
 Neo-Impact 
 Valkyrie's Rage 
 Chaotic Compliance 
 Crimson Kingdom 
 Electric Overload 
 Generation Next 
 Galactic Origin 
 Primal Burst 
 Abyss Encounters 
 Valiant Souls 
 Crusaders' Battlegrounds 
 Burning Nova 
 Gaia Genesis 
 Stardust Acceleration 
 Blackstorm Rising 
 Revolution Beginning 
 Absolute Inferno 
 Warriors Unite 
 Blazing Rose 
 Cybernetic Rebellion 
 Valhalla Calling 
 Dark Dimension 
 Aerial Assault 
 Future Horizon 
 Judgement Force 
 Truth Universe 
 Witch's Sorcery 
 Infernity Destruction 
 Shining Hope 
 Shark Fang 
 Infinite Ray 
 Antinomic Theory 
 Eternal Stream 
 Darkness Gimmick 
 Pendulum Genesis 
 Chaotic Soldiers 
 Fantastic Arc 
 Maximum Gustav 
 Cross Dimension 
 Shining Sunrise 
 Link Revolution 
 Braver Victory 
 Mini Packs 
 Age of Discovery 
 Flame of the Tyrant 
 Wonders of the Sky 
 Land of the Titans 
 Dawn of Destiny 
 Echoes of Silence 
 Servants of Kings 
 Blades of Spirits 
 Resonance of Contrast 
 Rampage of the Forest 
 Visions of Ice 
 Clash of Wings 
 Empire of Scarlet 
 Power of Bravery 
 Secrets of the Ancients 
 Tornado of Phantoms 
 Dimension of the Wizards 
 Lords of Shining 
 Guardians of Rock 
 Curse of Dread 
 Spirit of the Beast 
 Soul of Resurrection 
 Masters of Shadow 
 Fortress of Gears 
 Flames of the Heart 
 Chronicle of Glory 
 Arena of Sanctuary 
 Voltage of the Metal 
 Rage of Volcano 
 Photon of Galaxy 
 Sign of Harpies 
 The King of Vermilion 
 Arts of Atlantis 
 Idea of Armageddon 
 Force of Infinity 
 Phantom of Rebellion 
 Energy of Gigarays 
 Heart of Xyz 
 Stars of Synchro 
 Stage of Trickstar 
 Structure Decks 
 Dragonic Force 
 Sorcerer's Alliance 
 Legendary Warriors 
 HERO Rising 
 Destiny Rulers 
 Dragonic Knights 
 Synchro Connection 
 Swordbound Silence 
 Return of the Red-Eyes 
 Hero Generation 
 Gagaga Xyz 
 Magicians Arc 
 Structure Decks EX 
 Spellbound Silence 
 The White Dragon of Legend 
 Ancient Gear Awakening 
 Neos Fusion 
 Full Metal Desperado 
 Masters of Chaos 
 King's Resonance 
 Dragunity Overdrive 
 Gladiator's Storm 
 Return of the Fire Kings 
 Tales of the Noble Knights 
 Blue-Eyes Evolution 
 Stardust Nexus 
 Rise of Gaia 
 Evil Domination 
 D/D/D Apocalypse 
 Cyber Style Extreme 
 Sword of Paladin 
 Tellarknight Advent 
 Brave Hope 
 Ruddy Rose Burning 
 Cyberse Code 
 Limited Edition Sets 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Super Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 05 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Super Mini 
 Special Packs 
 New Week Campaign! 
 Vol.01 
 Vol.02 
 Vol.03 
 Vol.04 
 
 Forbidden/Limited Lists 
 2017
 August 
 November 
 2018
 January
 9 
 24 
 February
 5 
 June
 26 
 August
 29 
 October
 29 
 2019
 January
 24 
 March
 25 
 May
 16 
 July
 26 
 August
 27 
 October
 28 
 December
 11 
 2020
 March
 24 
 May
 21 
 July
 21 
 October
 14 
 December
 15 
 2021
 January
 5 
 March
 9 
 May
 10 
 July
 9 
 August
 6 
 Skill Rebalancing 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 Miscellaneous 
 Card Trader 
 Duel Quiz 
 Mission Bingo 
 Loaner Deck Duels 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/ValhallaCalling.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20191115091451']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links sets