Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Noro_Mamoru.png


 
 Mamoru Noro 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Nicknames 
 Noroma-chan (blockhead, by Tyler sisters) [1] [2] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 野 呂   守 野呂 守 のろ まもる Rōmaji: ( Noro Mamoru ) 
 
 
 Italian   
 Mamoru Noro 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Deputy Commander of the  Arc Project [3] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy  (defected) [4] 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Sam Black 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Taisuke Nishimura [4] 
 
 
 
 Mamoru Noro  ( 野 呂   守   Noro Mamoru ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a member of  Duel Academy  and the Deputy Commander of the progress of the  Arc Project  in  Heartland City .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Heartland City 
 2.2   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Mamoru is a short, thin man with red-brown hair in a bowl cut, brown eyes with the bottom eyelashes styled into triangles, stylized eyebrows, and dimpled cheeks. He wears a navy blue coat with a yellow lining over a red waistcoat and a high-collared black shirt done up with twin columns of brass buttons, in addition to white pants and grey shoes with black soles. The forearms of his coat appear to be padded and are patterned with yellow lines. Mamoru also has thick grey pads of cloth over each shoulder with yellow diamonds on the front that have yellow lines extending from their upper tips. He carries an old-fashioned pocket watch that he wears around his neck on a grey string and stores on one of the brass diamonds that his shoulder pads are set with.
 
 Personality 
 Mamoru is an extreme control freak, fretting over tardiness and reacting in overblown horror to the sight of  Gloria  and  Grace Tyler   Dueling  the  Lancers . Like most  Duel Academy  members, he shows no concern at the thought of  sealing people into cards ; indeed, Mamoru worries that it is not being done fast enough. He is also somewhat narcissistic; he frets that he will be punished by  the Professor  if the  Arc Project  falls behind schedule and worries about the absence of  Aster Phoenix  because it is putting him under stress. He dislikes the nickname of "Noroma-chan" (blockhead) given to him by Grace.
 It is seen that unlike most Duel Academy agents who believe in the agenda, his motivations are mostly self-centered. He wishes to carry the missions given to him (completing the Arc Project and eliminating the Lancers) in order to get the full-credit for the accomplishment. In fact, he even wished for his superior to lose to Yuya so Aster wouldn't get any praise for it. Deep down however he has shown to be highly inept as he must relay orders to others to accomplish his goals, while denying the fault of any failure from his part, further showcasing his uselessness. A final blow to this would be the fact he is not a duelist, as confirmed by Noro himself upon being challenged by  Kite Tenjo .
 
 Biography 
 Heartland City 
 Aster  left the  Heartland  base one day, causing Mamoru to angrily stress over his absence, the  Arc Project  falling behind schedule and the possibility that  the Professor  would scold him. He ordered everybody to  seal  everyone in the  Xyz Dimension  into cards as soon as possible and he wondered where the  Commander-in-Chief  was. [4]  He later learned that  Duelists  who used  Pendulum Summoning , had appeared in Heartland and informed the Professor [1]  without telling Aster. The Professor sent the  Tyler   sisters  to the Xyz Dimension, but they did not arrive on time, stressing Mamoru again as he wondered where they were. A student informed Mamoru that the Tyler sisters were Dueling the Lancers and showed him a visual of it. Mamoru stopped the student from informing Aster of the news and he told the student to keep it a secret from the Commander-in-Chief, as he had not told Aster that he requested reinforcements from the Professor to deal with the Lancers. Mamoru explained that he would personally go out to the Tyler sisters. [5]  Mamoru found Gloria and Grace just after they had been defeated, and he tried to get them to go after the Lancers again, but  Obelisk Force  had arrived to eliminate them. [3]  As the Obelisk Force challenged the Lancers to a Duel, Mamoru explained to Gloria and Grace that the Professor sent them in case they lost. While Mamoru watched the Duel, he complained when  Yuya Sakaki  and  Shay Obsidian  didn't lose according to his calculations. The notorious  Resistance  Duelist  Kite Tenjo  arrived and saved Yuya from the attack of " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", and Mamoru surmised that he joined forces with the Lancers. He was surprised when Kite defeated the Obelisk Force and Aster arrived with a squad to defeat Yuya. [2] 
 
       Gloria  catches Mamoru for cheering for  Yuya  to win.     
 Mamoru tried convince Aster that he didn't have to personally deal with the Lancers, only for Aster to silence him and warn Mamoru that he would be dealt with later. While Aster Dueled Yuya, Mamoru sent the rest of Aster's squad to deal with the Lancers. However Kite defeated them and Mamoru was shocked that one Duelist could defeat an elite squad. Gloria criticized Mamoru for losing the squad and he began to worry about losing his position if Aster defeated Yuya. Mamoru was shocked when Yuya  Fusion Summoned  " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", but pleased when Yuya was close to defeating Aster. Gloria caught him siding with the enemy, though Mamoru tried to den it. He was displeased when Aster turned the Duel in his favor. [6]  As Aster launched a final attack, Mamoru thought the Duel was over, and Gloria asked him whether or not he was disappointed. Yuya survived, but Aster continued to dominate the Duel, and Mamoru continued to worry about losing his position as Deputy Commander. Mamoru panicked even more when Yuya fell to 100 LP, and he tried to think of a plan. He was pleased when Yuya was about to perform, but had to hide his pleasure when Gloria caught him again and he decided to call for more reinforcements just in case. He was surprised by Yuya's plan and pleased when Aster couldn't beat it. When Aster tried to attack with " Destiny HERO - Dystopiaguy ", Mamoru mentioned that it didn't have enough ATK but he was surprised when Aster increased the ATK of the monster. He watched as Yuya defeated Aster and was pleased that his position was safe. Gloria was worried about the Professor learning of Aster's loss, but Mamoru reassured her that he had called in reinforcements, who surrounded Yuya and Aster. [7] 
 
       Mamoru, Gloria, and  Grace  distributing food to  the Resistance .     
 Mamoru announced that he would exterminate the Lancers after Aster and the Tyler sisters had failed. Just as he ordered them to attack, Aster defended Yuya and he declared his treachery against the Professor to everyone's shock. The Tyler sisters joined Aster as well, and Mamoru declared himself the Commander-in-Chief and ordered his soldiers to attack. However, Kite returned with the Resistance and reminded Mamoru that he should be facing him first since he was on Duel Academy's wanted list. Kite challenged Mamoru to a Duel to see if he had the resolve to put his life on the line, but Mamoru surrendered out of fear after Aster's speech. Now officially allied with both the Resistance and Lancers, Mamoru and other former members of Duel Academy helped the refugees in the Resistance's  hideout  by distributing foods, medical supplies, and rebuilding residential houses for free to atone for what they had done. [8] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Following the battle against  Z-ARC , Mamoru appeared during  Yuya  and  Dennis McField 's Duel with  Gloria ,  Grace , and  Aster . He watched the remainder of the Duel and was pleased when Yuya won. [9]  Mamoru was later seen watching Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with Gloria, Grace, Aster,  Kite ,  Allen , and  Saya . [10]  He also watched Yuya and Declan's  Action Duel . [11]  Mamoru was happy that Yuya won both Duels and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu Boyle . [12] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 111: " Last Laugh " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Noro_Mamoru.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160529200426', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/Gloria_and_Noro_110.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703233513', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Noro_and_Tyler_Sisters_112.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703234419']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters