Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Young_Kagemaru.jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Kagemaru (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Kagemaru 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Kagemaru 
 
 
 Japanese   
 影丸 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Chairman of  Duel Academy 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Shadow Riders 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Sacred Beast 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 
 Phantasm's Pulse Phantasm's Roar 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Lightning Skyfire King of Blazing Inferno Shimmering Sovereign 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 27: " Grave Risk, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 David Wills  (old) Marc Thompson  (young) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Mugihito (old) Nobutoshi Canna (young) 
 
 
 German  
 Tobias Kluckert 
 
 
 
 Kagemaru  ( 影 丸 ) is the main antagonist of the  first season  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , as well as founder and former chairman of  Duel Academy . He is the reknown user of the  Sacred Beasts .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.3   Personality 
 1.4   Abilities 
 1.5   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Shadow Riders 
 2.3   Darkness 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Shadow Riders/Seven Stars 
 3.2   Jaden Yuki 
 
 
 4   Non-canon appearances 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Youthful Kagemaru ①, from the power of 2  Sacred Beasts .     Kagemaru is a fit, but extremely elderly fragile man with sharp facial features, a top bald head and thick white hair and beard flowing down past his shoulders. During the temporary recovery of his youth, Kagemaru possessed an extremely muscular and burly body with his thick, long black hair and sideburns while his beard mystically disappears. His youth state appears as two stages: ① 2 and then ② 3  Sacred Beasts  absorbing  Duel Monster Spirits . With ①, he recovers his musculature, rough skin and wild hair during his late 50's. With ②, he recovers his luscious hair and smooth skin during his 30's. He is also mostly naked and wears a cloth strip-like  fundoshi .
 Later in  Jaden Yuki's  graduation year, he as an elder wears a suit and sits in a wheelchair with external aid.
 
       Youthful Kagemaru ②, from the power of the 3  Sacred Beasts .     
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the Japanese version, Kagemaru speaks in an unruly manner in his youthful state, while his aged state exhibits patience and deep wisdom.
 In the English version, Kagemaru speaks in a bombastic manner with confidence towards the  Sacred Beasts .
 
 Personality 
 His fallacy is youth and the fulfilled strength it brings.
 
 Abilities 
 As the former chairman and one of the founders of  Duel Academy , Kagemaru possesses the monetary resources and charisma to establish the internationally reknown dueling education alongside  KaibaCorp .
 He possesses a deep understanding of  Shadow Charms  and  Shadow Games . He lacks the ability to see  Duel Monster Spirits . In his youth state ①, he has the strength to his heavily weighted mobile life-support system several feet away during his duel at the  Spirit Gates .
 
 Etymology 
 The "Kage" portion of his name is derived from the Japanese word "kage", meaning "shadow," while the "maru" portion means "circle" or "perfection". Therefore, this character's name could mean "perfect shadow". Another interpretation is "shadow of perfection," perhaps referring to his failed attempt at becoming immortal, or perfect. "Maru" is also a common end for male Japanese names.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Kagemaru was the leader of the  Shadow Riders (Seven Stars)  and at some point in the past, a former chairman and founder of  Duel Academy . His Shadow Charm was a small ring. In horrible health, he hoped to attain eternal youth by sacrificing  Duel Monster Spirits  to the  Sacred Beasts , gathering the Seven Stars to help him accomplish that purpose.
 
 Shadow Riders 
       Kagemaru's withered old body, inside a tube.     
 He was first involved in the series as an unseen figure talking to  Professor Banner  through his computer screen, telling him that it was an appropriate time to test Jaden in the Gravekeepers' world. Banner argued Jaden might not be ready, but Kagemaru said it mattered not, and he simply would have no use if he failed.
 He is next seen with the  Shadow Riders , asking which one would make the first move, with  Nightshroud  revealing he would act. After  Zane Truesdale  loses to  Camula , he appears on a screen in  Chancellor Sheppard 's office, taunting him that two  keys  have already been lost, and wondering if anymore students would fall to the vampire.
 In  Titan 's flashback in how he escaped the  World of Darkness , Kagemaru was shown reaching out to him giving him his Shadow Charm, and promising him freedom if he would serve him and defeat the key holders.
 After the seventh Rider,  Amnael  falls, he finally makes his existence known to Jaden and the others, being air-lifted in via helicopter, in his stasis tube. In the original, he said that he created Duel Academy to have a space full of the fighting spirits of duelists to revive the 3 Sacred Beasts. Many students challenge him to a fight, however he only accepts a Duel with one student - Jaden. During the Duel, He Summons all three  Sacred Beasts , and they gradually absorb duel spirits which eventually restores him to a muscular much younger form. Jaden struggles against the Sacred Beasts, but ultimately manages to come out on top.
 After being defeated, he returned to his aged state, and promised to renounce his former ways and asked for forgiveness, which Jaden was happy to give. Kagemaru was then carried to the hospital via helicopter after Jaden accidentally crushed his spine with a bear hug.
 
 Darkness 
         Kagemaru and  Sartorius  warning Jaden.     
 Kagemaru returns to Duel Academy with Sartorius to tell Jaden that they have both had some sort of premonition, feeling that Duel Academy might be in grave danger, theorizing that the Sacred Beasts,  Light of Destruction , and  Yubel  incidents might be related. They also convince Jaden (who is planning to leave Duel Academy) that he should not leave the island because they sense the interdimensional energy that builds up and is released in the area around Duel Academy being the cause of all the odd incidents. Both Kagemaru and Sartorius are later present at Jaden's graduation ceremony after  Nightshroud 's defeat.
 
 Relationships 
 Shadow Riders/Seven Stars 
 For his plan to revive the Sacred Beasts, Kagemaru did not care what happened to the duelists as long as they conduct duels to provide him duel energy.
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Out of all duelists selected to participate in his plan, Kagemaru specifically chose Jaden as the duelist on Duel Academy island to secure victory over in order to obtain the lordship over the Sacred Beasts.
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  he serves as the final boss of the game, and the player is forced to duel him twice in a row, once in his older, machine-bound form and again in his youthful form. After completing the game, he can also be found during part 1 on the cliff after 10:00 PM. Upon acquiring his  Deck Recipes , he also gifts the player with a " Phantasmal Martyrs " card.
 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Kagemaru's Decks 
 Kagemaru plays a  " Sacred Beast "   Deck  revolved around successfully summoning them then using the Sacred Beasts' effects with  Fallen Paradise  to overwhelm the opponent during the pre- Synchro  era. It is unknown what deck he played before acquiring the Sacred Beasts.
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 48 - 49 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Kagemaru is the "founder" of the  Sacred Beast  archetype, but  Yubel  improved  it  to become a worthy  Fusion  era deck. His Sacred Beasts received their  support cards  later. 
 References 
 
 
 v e 
Kagemaru pages 
 Anime 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/Kagemaru.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150401025310', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Young_Kagemaru.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110607232507', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/KagemaruMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190606153932', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/Kagemaru_Tube.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110607234730', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Kagemaru_Saiou.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110608000906']
Categories: Characters, Kagemaru pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters