Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Anna_Kaboom_(Duel_Links)


 
 Anna Kaboom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Anna Kaboom 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 神月 アンナ 神月アンナ こうづきアンナ Rōmaji: ( ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Suzy Myers 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Rei Mochizuki 
 
 
 
 Anna Kaboom  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Anna Kaboom , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. She appeared as a Roaming Duelist on December 29th, 2021, during her event "Anna Kaboom is here!". She officially became an unlockable character on February 26th, 2022, in her own dedicated event "The Unstoppable Love Train! Anna Kaboom".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Level 60 
 3.7   Event 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 A single mix-up causes a world of trouble for Yuma because Anna Kaboom is out for revenge! Even after the misunderstanding is cleared up, Yuma's former classmate still attacks him from time to time because once Anna sets her mind on a plan, she never lets up. Just like her Train Deck, she's full speed ahead in a Duel when she uses her "Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Anna Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Disk Magician  x2 
 Golgoil  x2 
 Holograh  x3 
 Mech Bass 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Linear Accelerator Cannon 
 Machine Conversion Factory 
 Magnet Circle LV2 
 Traps 
 Covering Fire 
 Flashbang 
 Taunt 
 Level 10 
 
 Anna's Here! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bokoichi the Freightening Car  x3 
 Cyber Commander  x3 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Mech Bass 
 Mighty Guard 
 Shovel Crusher  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Night Express Knight Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 Swords at Dawn 
 Traps 
 Give and Take 
 Taunt  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Out-of-Control Deck Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bokoichi the Freightening Car  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier  x2 
 Cosmic Compass 
 Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive  x3 
 Genex Worker  x3 
 Night Express Knight Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 Linear Accelerator Cannon 
 Magnet Circle LV2 
 Morale Boost 
 Swords at Dawn 
 Traps 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Taunt 
 Level 30 
 
 Rumble Arrival Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bokoichi the Freightening Car 
 Oni Tank T-34  x2 
 Overdrive  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive  x2 
 Cannon Soldier  x2 
 Cannon Soldier MK-2  x2 
 Monster Express  x3 
 Night Express Knight Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Southern Stars 
 Urgent Schedule 
 Traps 
 Cry Havoc! 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Level 40 
 
 Ready to Depart: Big Cannon! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Express Train Trolley Olley  x3 
 Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede 
 Genex Turbine  x3 
 Lionhearted Locomotive  x2 
 Monster Express  x2 
 Night Express Knight 
 Rocket Arrow Express 
 Snow Plow Hustle Rustle Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Revolving Switchyard 
 Southern Stars 
 Special Schedule 
 Train Connection 
 Urgent Schedule 
 Traps 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Level 60 
 
 No One Can Stop Me Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Express Train Trolley Olley  x3 
 Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede  x2 
 Heavy Freight Train Derricrane 
 Monster Express  x2 
 Night Express Knight  x2 
 Snow Plow Hustle Rustle 
 Super Express Bullet Train  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max 
 Number 27: Dreadnought Dreadnoid Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Revolving Switchyard  x2 
 Special Schedule 
 Train Connection 
 Urgent Schedule 
 Southern Stars 
 Traps 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Event 
 Skill: Unstoppable Train! (You don't have to Tribute monsters when you Normal Summon/Set a monster during this turn.
The effects of monsters you Normal Summon/Set during this turn will be negated. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.)
 
 
 Steamrolling the Whole Squad Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Express Train Trolley Olley 
 Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede  x3 
 Heavy Freight Train Derricrane  x3 
 Night Express Knight  x3 
 Super Express Bullet Train  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gear Gigant X  x2 
 Number 27: Dreadnought Dreadnoid 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Forbidden Chalice  x2 
 Traps 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 Floodgate Trap Hole  x3 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Monster Express "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Anna Kaboom)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Anna Kaboom)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Unsinkable Titanica "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Heavy Starter ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Monster Express "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Unsinkable Titanica "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Unstoppable Train! (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Monster Express "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Anna Kaboom)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Unsinkable Titanica "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 SU/UR Ticket
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Southern Stars "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Anna, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Night Express Knight "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Express Train Trolley Olley "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Indestructible Airship Hindenkraft " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Xyz Burst "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Lionhearted Locomotive "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Linear Accelerator Cannon " (first event)
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gear Golem the Moving Fortress " (first event)
 
 
 R 
 
 " Overdrive "
 
 
 R 
 
 " D.D. Dynamite "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Oni Tank T-34 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Over Capacity "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Taunt "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Out of Control
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Rocket Arrow Express", 1 "Snow Plow Hustle Rustle", and 1 "Night Express Knight" to your Deck. Also add 1 "Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max" to your Extra Deck. Can be used before your normal draw if there are 2 or more Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters in your Graveyard. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be "Special Schedule" from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Unstoppable Train!
 
 You don't have to Tribute monsters when you Normal Summon/Set a monster during this turn. The effects of monsters you Normal Summon/Set during this turn will be negated. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that follows the conditions below. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 Your Deck contains 10 or more monsters. 
 All monsters in your Deck are Level 4 or 10 monsters. 
 All monsters in your Deck are EARTH Machine-Type monsters with 1800 or higher ATK. 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Devotion
 
 Can only be used in Tag Duels. Can be used before your normal draw. Your normal draw is skipped this turn. On your partner's next turn, your partner's normal draw becomes 2 cards. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Engine Power Over-Limit!
 
 Select 1 Rank 10 EARTH Machine-Type Xyz Monster you control. Then, attach 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster in your hand to this card as an Xyz Material. If this Xyz Monster attacks a monster in Defense Position during this turn, inflict piercing damage to your opponent. Send that Xyz Monster to the Graveyard at the end of this turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overnight Express!
 
 At the end of the turn you use this Skill, add 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster to your hand from your Deck. After using this Skill, skip your next 2 Draw Phases. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that has 3 or more Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Sunrise Express!
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster in your Deck. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that has 3 or more Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Super Express!
 
 Can be used before your normal draw. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, select 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster in your hand that can be Normal Summoned, negate its effect, and play that monster. After using this Skill, it will be your Battle Phase. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Train Connection!
 
 Send 2 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "Train Connection" from outside of your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains no monsters other than Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Train Uncoupling!
 
 Can be used before your normal draw. Instead of conducting your normal draw, send 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add up to 2 Level 4 or lower EARTH Machine-Type monsters from your Graveyard whose combined ATK is less than or equal to the ATK of the monster you sent to the Graveyard. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that has 3 or more Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 5 or higher monster in your Deck.
 
 drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuma and Astral , Anna announces "Yuma! If I win, you have to take me out... (on a date). A-Anyway! Let's get this Duel started!"
 When she wins the Duel, Anna says "I win, Yuma! That means you have to be my... (boyfriend). Nothing! You heard nothing!" 
 Tori Meadows 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Tori Meadows , Anna announces "What's up Tori? I thought I'd crash the party!"
 When she wins the Duel, Anna says "Sorry, Tori. I'll lay off the accelerator next time." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 
 When Anna Summons " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max ", she chants  "Make way for the train that'll derail your chance to win!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Anna briefly appears, and she announces "Chug on in! Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Gustav Max!", followed by "Railyway Express!" 
 When Anna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Gustav Max's effect activates! Once per turn, I can use an Overlay Unit to deal you damage!", followed by "Cataclysmic Cannon Kablooie!". Sometimes, she may instead announce "Time for real power! Gustav Max's effect activates! Unload on 'em!", followed by "Cataclysmic Cannon Kablooie!" 
 When Anna Summons " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut Liebe ", a cut-in frame of Anna briefly appears, and she announces "Let's go! Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaught Liebe!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Juggernaut Liebe, blast 'em!" 
 When Anna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Juggernaut Liebe's effect! It uses an Overlay unit to raise its ATK and DEF!" 
 When Anna Summons, " Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf ", she chants  "This impregnable fortress is the terror of the railways! Xyz Summon!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Show yourself! Rank 4 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Let's go Ironwolf! Attack!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Ironwolf's effect! I use an Overlay Unit to let a monster attack directly!" 
 When Anna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "When Ironwolf is destroyed, its effect activates! I add a Level 4 Machine-Type monster in my deck to my hand!" 
 When Anna Summons " Double Headed Anger Knuckle ", she announces "C'mon, Double Headed Anger Knuckle!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Anger Knuckle, crunch 'em!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Anger Knuckle's effect!" 
 When Anna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Anger Knuckle's effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 When Anna Summons " Heavy Freight Train Derricrane ", a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Check this out! Heavy Freight Train Derricrane!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Derricrane, attack!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Derricrane's effect activates from my hand! I can Special Summon it by cutting its ATK and DEF in half!" 
 When Anna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "When used as an Overlay Unit, Derricrane's effect activates! It destroys one card on your field!" 
 When Anna Summons " Night Express Knight ", a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Here comes Night Express Knight!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Take 'em down, Night Express Knight!" 
 When Anna Summons " Rocket Arrow Express ", a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "I Special Summon Rocket Arrow Express! "
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Rocket Arrow Express, go!" 
 When Anna Summons " Snow Plow Hustle Rustle ", a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Snow Plow Hustle Rustle digs its way to the field!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Plow ahead Hustle Rustle!" 
 When Anna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Snow Plow Hustle Rustle's effect from my hand!" 
 When Anna Summons " Super Express Bullet Train ", a cut-in frame of Anna's face briefly appears, and she announces "Speed on in, Super Express Bullet Train!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Bullet Train, full throttle!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Super Express Bullet Train's effect activates from my hand!" 
 When Anna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Super Express Bullet Train's effect activates from my Graveyard!" 
 When Anna summons " Bokoichi the Freightening Car " she announces "Appear, Bokoichi the Freightening Car!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Bokoichi the Freightening Car attacks!" 
 When Anna summons " Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive " she announces "Here comes Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive's effect activates!" 
 When Anna uses the effect of that monster, she announces "Dekoichi the Battlechanted Locomotive attacks!" 
 When Anna summons " Express Train Trolley Olley " she announces "Express Train Trolley Olley! Protect me!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Trolley Olley attacks!" 
 When Anna uses the effect of that monster, she announces "Trolley Olley has an effect that raises attack points!" 
 When Anna Summons " Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede ", she announces "You won't get away from Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Flying Pegasus! Kyahh!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "When Flying Pegasus is Summoned, its effect activates!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Flying Pegasus's effect! This monster and another monster become the same level! 
 When Anna summons " Lionhearted Locomotive " she announces "Lionhearted Locomotive is here!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lionhearted Locomotive attacks!" 
 When Anna Summons " Ruffian Railcar ", she announces "Appear, Ruffian Railcar!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Ruffian Railcar attacks!" 
 When Anna activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Ruffian Railcar's effect activates to deal you damage!", followed by "Train Rain!" 
 When Anna activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Ruffian Railcar's effect activates from the Graveyard!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Anna activates " Barrage Blast ", she announces "I activate my continuous trap, Barrage Blast!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Anna announces "Barrage Blast's effect activates! For every Overlay Unit it removes, it destroys a card!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Anna announces "Barrage Blast's effect activates from the Graveyard! It blasts you with effect damage!" 
 When Anna activates " Cyber Summon Blaster " she says "I activate my Continuous Trap, Cyber Summon Blaster!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Anna announces "Cyber Summon Blaster fires effect damage right at ya!" 
 When Anna activates " Fiery Fervor " she says "I activate my Trap, Fiery Fervor!" 
 When Anna activates " Special Schedule ", she announces "I activate the spell card, Special Schedule! Revive a monster with at least 3000 ATK in Defense Position!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Anna announces "Special Schedule activates when it's sent to the Graveyard!" 
 When Anna activates " Train Connection ", she announces "I activate the equip spell, Train Connection!" 
 
 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 
 When Anna Summons " Construction Train Signal Red ", she announces "Here's Construction Train Signal Red!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Signal Red, Attack!" 
 When Anna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I play Construction Train Signal Red's effect from my hand!" 
 When Anna Summons " Number 81: Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Super Dora ", she announces "Go, Number 81: Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Super Dora!"
 Most of the time when Anna declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Super Dora! Ready, aim, fire!" 
 When Anna activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Super Dora's effect! It uses an Overlay Unit to protect a card from effects! 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Anna activates " Attraffic Control ", she announces "I activate my continuous spell, Attraffic Control! If you control at least three monsters, you can't attack!" 
 When Anna activates " Revolving Switchyard ", she announces "I activate my field spell, Revolving Switchyard!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Anna announces "I activate Revolving Switchyard's effect! I Special Summon a monster, and its level becomes 10!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Anna announces "I send a card to the Graveyard to use Revolving Switchyard! I add a monster in my deck to my hand!" 
 When Anna activates " Urgent Schedule ", she announces "I activate my quick-play spell card, Urgent Schedule! It Special Summons two monsters by negating their effects!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Anna announces "Urgent Schedule activates when it's sent to the Graveyard!" 
 Trivia 
 Anna is the first  Legendary Duelist  in to have a voice-line with a Link Monster that supports her Deck archetype (in her case, " Double Headed Anger Knuckle " with her  Railway  Deck). 
 
 v e 
Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) pages 
 Anime 
 D Team 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/AnnaKaboom-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/247?cb=20211230130054', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Profile-DULI-AnnaKaboom.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514213638', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Icon-DULI-AnnaKaboom.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514213702', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Icon-DULI-AnnaKaboom2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514213718', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/CutIn-DULI-AnnaKaboom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514213734', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/Summoning-DULI-AnnaKaboom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514213753', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Defeat-DULI-AnnaKaboom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514213811', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Anna Kaboom pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters