Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Three_Musketeers_of_Face_Cards


 
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards 
 絵札の三銃士 「 えふだのさんじゅうし 」  ( ) 
 
 
 
 
 " King's Knight ", " Jack's Knight " and " Queen's Knight " 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Elemental Energy Ancient Prophecy Duelist Pack: Battle City Structure Deck: Yugi Muto 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 4 Duelist Pack: Yugi Duel Terminal 4 Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Yugi's Legendary Decks 2018 Mega-Tins Speed Duel: Arena of Lost Souls King's Court 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Limited Edition 4 Limited Edition 8 Expert Edition Volume 4 Duel Terminal - Charge of the Genex!! Advanced Tournament Pack 2014 Vol.1 Memories of the Duel King: Battle City Arc Duelist Road -Piece of Memory- Side: Yami Yugi Premium Pack 20 World Premiere Pack 2021 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.13 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  Three Musketeers of Face Cards  ( 絵 札 の 三 銃 士   Efuda no Sanjūshi ) [1]  are a  series  of  LIGHT   Warrior   monsters  used by  Yugi Muto  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime and  manga , as well as by  Roku  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL .
 The three main members are " Queen's Knight ", " King's Knight ", and " Jack's Knight ". There are four monsters that can be Summoned through a combination of the three: " Arcana Knight Joker ", " Arcana Extra Joker ", " Arcana Triumph Joker ", and " Royal Straight Slasher ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Combinations 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Origin
 
 
 Jack's Knight 
 Jack 
 
 
 King's Knight 
 King 
 
 
 Queen's Knight 
 Queen 
 
 Combinations 
 
 
 Monster 
 Card type 
 Base form 
 Origin
 
 
 Arcana Extra Joker 
 
 Link 
 
 King's Knight 
 
 Joker 
 
 
 Arcana Knight Joker 
 
 Fusion 
 
 Jack's Knight 
 
 
 Arcana Triumph Joker 
 
 Effect 
 
 Queen's Knight 
 
 
 Royal Straight Slasher 
 
 All Three Musketeers
 
 Royal straight flush 
 
 Playing style 
 The main purpose of this series is to swarm the field using the effect of " King's Knight ", which can only be activated if " Queen's Knight " is on the field, and is used to Special Summon " Jack's Knight ". They are used as Tribute fodder, or are fused to Summon the ultimate monster, " Arcana Knight Joker ". Since "King" and "Queen's Knight" are Level 4 monsters, they can easily be used as Xyz Materials for most Xyz Monsters. Given all the members are LIGHT, they can be supported by cards such as " Honest " and " Shining Angel ".
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 King's Knight 
 Guardian of Order 
 Honest 
 Noble Knight Gawayn 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Shining Angel Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Arcana Knight Joker 
 First of the Dragons 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Blade Armor Ninja 
 Comic Hero, King Arthur 
 Heroic Champions 
 Starliege Paladynamo 
 Zubaba General 
 Link Monsters 
 Arcana Extra Joker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Unexpected Dai 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
 Good Goblin Housekeeping  (to return "Jack's Knight" to your Deck) 
 Trivia 
 In the original manga, "King's", "Queen's" and "Jack's Knight" were known as The Three Swordsmen, possessing the maximum speed Summon ability, although they were eventually outmatched by  Yako Tenma  and his " Summoner Monk ". [ citation needed ] 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 208: " Slifer vs. Ra! " 
 
 
   
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards   絵 札 の 三 銃 士 Members 
 Jack's Knight King's Knight Queen's Knight 
 Related 
 Arcana Extra Joker Arcana Knight Joker Arcana Triumph Joker Goddess Bow Imperial Bower Joker's Knight Royal Straight Slasher 
 The Claw of Hermos Court of Cards Face Card Fusion Joker's Straight Joker's Wild Royal Straight Thunderspeed Summon 
 
 v e 
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards   絵 札 の 三 銃 士 a   Members 
 Jack's Knight King's Knight King's Knight Queen's Knight 
 Related 
 Arcana Knight Joker Claw of Hermos Goddess Bow Royal Straight Royal Straight Slasher 
 
 v e 
 Three Musketeers of Face Cards   絵 札 の 三 銃 士 m   Members 
 Jack's Knight King's Knight Queen's Knight Queen's Knight 
 Related 
 Arcana Knight Joker 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/King%2C_Jack_and_Queen%27s_Knight_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160928225844']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series