Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tori_Meadows_(Duel_Links)


 
 Tori Meadows 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Tori Meadows 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 観月小鳥 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Mikako Komatsu 
 
 
 
 Tori Meadows  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Tori Meadows , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime.
 Green Gate Keys are required to duel Tori at the gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament (thirteen) 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yuma and Astral 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Tori has been friends with Yuma forever. So it's no surprise that she's more worried than anyone when Yuma starts facing tough Duels for Number Cards. She joins the "The Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club" to help Yuma, but she doesn't know much about Dueling. Her ace monster is "Fairy Cheer Girl".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat Summoning Full Body 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Tori Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x3 
 Muse-A  x3 
 Shining Friendship  x3 
 Spirit of the Harp  x3 
 Wing Egg Elf  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage  x2 
 Cards from the Sky 
 The Fountain in the Sky 
 Traps 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf 
 Level 10 
 
 Learning how to Duel Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Mushroom Man  x3 
 Mystical Shine Ball  x3 
 Nekogal 1  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Little Fairy  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cards from the Sky  x2 
 Light of Redemption  x2 
 Mooyan Curry  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 This Deck's gonna work! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Witch 
 Fairy's Gift  x3 
 Tenderness  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fairy Guardian  x2 
 Little Fairy  x3 
 Layard the Liberator  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cards from the Sky  x2 
 Light of Redemption  x2 
 Mooyan Curry 
 Mystik Wok 
 Level 30 
 
 I'll flatten you like a pancake! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mystical Shine Ball  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Little Fairy  x3 
 The Agent of Creation - Venus  x2 
 The Agent of Force - Mars  x2 
 The Agent of Judgment - Saturn 
 The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury  x2 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Hungry Burger Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl  x2 
 Shining Elf Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Celestial Transformation 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Hamburger Recipe 
 Mystik Wok 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Tori's feeling the flow! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doom Donuts 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory  x2 
 Little Fairy  x3 
 Master Hyperion 
 Radiant Jeral 
 The Agent of Force - Mars  x2 
 The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury  x2 
 Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 Fairy Cheer Girl  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Celestial Transformation 
 Court of Justice  x2 
 Emergency Provisions 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (thirteen) 
 Opponent 
 
 We're Feeling the Flow! Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mystical Shine Ball  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Little Fairy  x3 
 Master Hyperion 
 The Agent of Creation - Venus  x2 
 The Agent of Force - Mars 
 The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter 
 The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury  x2 
 Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl 
 Shining Elf Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Celestial Transformation 
 Court of Justice 
 Emergency Provisions 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky  x2 
 Partner 
 Skill: "Tori's Feeling The Flow!" (At the beginning of your turn, activate 1  The Sanctuary in the Sky  from outside your Deck and set 1  Divine Punishment . The card Set using this Skill can be activated the turn it is Set. This Skill will only activate once per duel.)
 
 
 Tag Beginner Monsters  (17) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory  x2 
 Gellenduo  x3 
 Little Fairy  x2 
 Master Hyperion  x3 
 The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter  x3 
 The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury  x2 
 Zeradias, Herald of Heaven  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Fairy Cheer Girl  x2 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Court of Justice  x2 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Tori reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Little Fairy "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Tori Meadows)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Freya, Spirit of Victory "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Tori Meadows)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Satellarknight Skybridge "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Tag
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Overlay Gain ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Little Fairy "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Freya, Spirit of Victory "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Satellarknight Skybridge "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Have Some Duel Fuel! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Fairy Cheer Girl "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Little Fairy "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Freya, Spirit of Victory "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Tori Meadows)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Satellarknight Skybridge "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Herald of Pure Light "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Herald of Pure Light "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Tori, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fairy Cheer Girl "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Archlord Zerato "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Zeradias, Herald of Heaven "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Stellarnova Wave "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Divine Punishment "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spirit of the Harp "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Light Effigy "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spirit of the Breeze "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fairy's Hand Mirror "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Maiden of the Moonlight "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Fairy Returns
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Fairy Cheer Girl" to your Extra Deck.
 Can be used if you have 2 or less cards in your hand. Return 1 "Fairy Cheer Girl" from your Graveyard to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Have Some Duel Fuel!
 
 Can only be used in Tag Duels. At the beginning of your partner's next turn, your partner gains 2000 Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Cheer Up Fairies
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Place 1 "Fairy Cheer Girl" from your Extra Deck on top of 1 "Little Fairy" you control. (This will be treated as an Xyz Summon.) This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fairy's Smile
 
 If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 1000 Life Points.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Let Me Duel Too!
 
 Can be used if you have Normal Summoned 1 Fairy-Type monster and Set 2 or more cards from your hand during your first turn. Gain 2000 Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuma and Astral , Tori announces "Win this Duel Yuma! ...Oops!" followed by "I meant win this Duel, Tori!"
 When she wins the Duel, Tori says "C'mon, Yuma! Try harder next time!" or "Sigh... Stop making silly mistakes, Yuma!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Tori says "I'm glad you're finally taking Dueling seriously!" followed by "That makes me happy, Yuma!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Tori Summons " Fairy Cheer Girl ", a cut-in frame of Tori briefly appears, and she announces "Here's Fairy Cheer Girl!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Fairy Cheer Girl" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Fairy Cheer Girl" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fairy Cheer Girl, attack! 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Fairy Cheer Girl's effect!" followed by "By using 1 Overlay Unit, I draw 1 card from my deck!" 
 When Tori Summons " Hungry Burger ", a cut-in frame of Tori's face briefly appears, and she announces "Are you hungry for some Hungry Burger?"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dinner time, Hungry Burger!" 
 When Tori Summons " Master Hyperion , a cut-in frame of Tori's face briefly appears, and she announces "Appear, Master Hyperion!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Master Hyperion, attack!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Master Hyperion's effect!" 
 When Tori Summons " Mushroom Man ", a cut-in frame of Tori's face briefly appears, and she announces "One order of Mushroom Man, coming right up!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster she announces "Mushroom Man! Attack!" 
 When Tori Summons " Orbital 7 ", a cut-in frame of Tori's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come out to play Orbital 7!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Show 'em how brave you are, Orbital 7!" 
 When Tori activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Listen to your boss Orbital 7!" 
 When Tori activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Orbital 7!" followed by "Use your You Got It Boss Counters in battle!" 
 When Tori activates the third effect of that monster, she announces "Orbital 7! Call the big boss!" 
 When Tori Summons " Sweet Corn ",  a cut-in fame of Tori's face briefly appears, and she announces "Here's Sweet Corn! Straight from the grill!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Sweet Corn attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I'll have some more corn!" followed by "Here's another helping of Maze tokens!" 
 When Tori Summons " Doom Donuts ", she announces "Want a snack? Here's Doom Donuts!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Doom Donuts! Eat 'em up!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Doom Donuts's flip effect activates!" 
 When Tori Summons " Evigishki Merrowgeist ", she chants  "Can I do this?"  followed by  "I can!"  Afterwards, she announces "Come on out Evigishki Merrowgeist!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Evigishki Merrowgeist attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Merrowgeist's effect!" 
 When Tori Summons " Lillybot ", she announces "She's not just any litter bot. She's Lillybot!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lillybot! Clean 'em up! 
 When Tori activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Lillybot! Bring your friend back!" 
 When Tori activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Help me Lillybot!" 
 When Tori Summons " Little Fairy ", she announces "Come out Little Fairy!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "I activate Little Fairy's effect!" followed by "I discard 1 card to raise its Level by 1!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Attack, Little Fairy!" 
 When Tori Summons " Mira the Star-Bearer ", she chants  "I need three Level 1's... And I have 1... 2... Yay!"  Afterwards, she announces "Here comes Mira the Star-Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go Mira the Star-Bearer!" 
 When Tori Summons " Mystical Shine Ball ", she announces "Here's Mystical Shine Ball!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Mystical Shine Ball!" 
 When Tori Summons " Shining Elf ", she chants  "Okay! I'll use my Level 2's!"  Afterwards, she announces "Bring light to the field Shining Elf!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Shining Elf is going to attack!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shining Elf's effect!" 
 When Tori Summons " The Agent of Creation - Venus ", she announces "Join me! The Agent of Creation - Venus!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Agent of Creation - Venus attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "The Agent of Creation - Venus's effect activates!" 
 When Tori Summons " The Agent of Force - Mars ", she announces "Come out! The Agent of Force - Mars!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces  "The Agent of Force - Mars! Attack!" 
 When Tori Summons " The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter ", she announces "The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter! Let's Go!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter! Attack!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "The Agent of Miracles - Jupiter's effect activates!" 
 When Tori Summons " The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury ", she announces "Here comes The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury's effect activates!" 
 When Tori Summons " Wind-Up Zenmaines ", she chants  "Umm... Can I play this?"  Afterwards, she announces "Appear, Wind Up Zenmaines!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Wind-Up Zenmaines, attack!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Wind-Up Zenmaines's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Tori activates " Emergency Provisions ", she announces "I'll snack on my Emergency Provisions!" followed by "I increase my LP!" 
 When Tori activates " Hamburger Recipe ", she announces "On our menu today is Hamburger Recipe!" 
 When Tori activates " Mooyan Curry ", she announces "Here's the chef's special, Mooyan Curry!" followed by "That's 200 spicy Life Points!" 
 When Tori activates " Mystik Wok ", she announces "Time to cook things up with Mystik Wok!" followed by "I regain my Life Points!" 
 When Tori activates " The Sanctuary in the Sky ", she announces "I activate the Field Spell, The Sanctuary in the Sky!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Tori Summons " Archlord Kristya ", she announces "Appear, Archlord Kristya!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Archlord Kristya attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Archlord Kristya's effect activates!" 
 When Tori Summons " CXyz Dark Fairy Cheer Girl ", she chants  "Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  followed by  "Barian power, born of chaos... visit judgment on this world!"  Then she announces "Come forth! CXyz Dark Fairy Cheer Girl!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Dark Fairy Cheer Girl!" followed by "Fairy's Fury!" 
 When Tori activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "CXyz Dark Fairy Cheer Girl's effect activates!" followed by "I draw a card from my deck!" 
 When Tori activated the second effect of that monster, she announces "I now activate CXyz Dark Fairy Cheer Girl's effect!" followed by "She used 1 Overlay Unit to deal you damage!" 
 When Tori Summons " The Agent of Judgment - Saturn ", she announces "Here's The Agent of Judgment - Saturn!"
 Most of the time when Tori declares an attack with that monster, she announces "The Agent of Judgement - Saturn attacks!" 
 When Tori activates the effect of that monster, she announces "The Agent of Judgement - Saturn's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Tori activates " Icarus Attack ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Icarus Attack!" 
 When Tori activates " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force ", she announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force!" followed by "It ranks up an Xyz by 1, into a CXyz monster!" 
 Trivia 
 In some leaked dialogue footage, Tori is shown to have voice lines for starting a Duel with  Astral , implying that he may be an available character in the future.
 Astral: "This is going to be tough, but I won't lose Astral!" 
 Some of the cards for which Tori has card-specific dialogue, such as the  The Agent  archetype, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to her video game counterparts ( Millennium Duels ,  Tag Force , and  World Duel Carnival ) using those said cards. 
 The inclusion of " Evigishki Merrowgeist ", " Mira the Star-Bearer ", " Shining Elf ", and " Wind-Up Zenmaines " as card-specific dialogue references Bronk and Tori using these cards in a Duel Puzzle against a Heartland Security Robot in  episode 60  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 The inclusion of " Doom Donuts ", " Emergency Provisions ", " Hungry Burger ", " Hamburger Recipe ", " Mooyan Curry ", " Mystik Wok ", " Mushroom Man ", and " Sweet Corn ", as card-specific dialogue reference the said cards appearing as Monster Cafe menu items Tori was presenting to customers in  episode 92  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Axel Brodie ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Crow Hogan ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone , Tori Meadows, and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and  Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) ,  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and  Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 v e 
Tori Meadows ( Kotori Mizuki ) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Duel Terminal 
 Millennium Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/ToriMeadows-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/202?cb=20200930035103', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Profile-DULI-ToriMeadows.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930125802', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/CutIn-DULI-ToriMeadows.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930150605', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Summoning-DULI-ToriMeadows.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930040319', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Defeat-DULI-ToriMeadows.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930040352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Icon-DULI-ToriMeadows.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Icon-DULI-ToriMeadows2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162712', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/EjEe0qLXcAUMu1L.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/97?cb=20220221032105', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Tori Meadows pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters