Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Mako%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Mako Tsunami's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Mako Tsunami's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Mako Tsunami 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Mako Tsunami  faced each other in  Duel Monsters , in the preliminary stage of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is based on  a similar Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 The  terrain  for the Duel was 50%  ocean  and 50%  desert , split between Mako and Yami's sides of the field respectively.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 Mako  left fish cooking over a fire unattended in the hopes that it would attract Duelists to the cliffs, where his monsters were at an advantage due to the  ocean   Field Power Bonus . While  Yugi Muto  and his friends were desperately searching for food,  Joey Wheeler  caught he scent of Mako's fish and tried to convince his friends that the should take the food for themselves.  Téa Gardner  disagreed, but eventually everyone sat down around the food. Mako then emerged from the ocean and began arguing with Joey over ownership of the fish. When Mako saw that the others were Duelists and one of them was Yugi, he realized he had made a big "catch" with his "bait" and offered to share his food with them.
 After the meal, Yugi and his friends got up to leave, but Mako threw a harpoon, which stuck into the ground just beside Yugi. He then explained that the fish had been bait to lure in Duelists and challenged Yugi to a Duel. Yugi switched to  Yami Yugi  and accepted.
 Yami Yugi's side of the field consisted of the  Desert  terrain, while Mako's consisted of the  Ocean .
 
 The Duel 
 1st turn: Mako 
 Mako  Summoned  " Fiend Kraken " in  Attack Mode  in the  Ocean  ( ATK : 1200 → 1560). It hid itself under the water.
 2nd turn: Yami 
 Yami Summoned " Horn Imp " in Attack Mode. He then noticed that Mako's monster was not visible, making him unable to attack it.
 3rd turn: Mako 
 Mako got "Fiend Kraken" to emerge from the water,  attack  and  destroy  "Horn Imp" (Yami: 2000 → 1740  Life Points ) and then retreat back into the water. He described this technique as his "sea stealth attack".
 4th turn: Yami 
 Yami Summoned " Feral Imp " in  Attack Mode .
 5th turn: Mako 
 Mako was familiar with how "Feral Imp" could be used for lightning-based attacks. To combat this, he played " Jellyfish " in  face-down  Defense Mode ("Jellyfish": 1500 → 1950 DEF).
 6th turn: Yami 
 Yami equipped " Horn of the Unicorn " to "Feral Imp" ("Feral Imp": 1300 → 2000 ATK) and switched it to Attack Mode.
 Although Yami could not see Mako's monsters, "Feral Imp" used a lightning-based attack, so he was able to attack the ocean and the electricity would flow through and attack all monsters within it. However "Jellyfish" absorbed the electricity and became stronger as a result, while the ATK of "Feral Imp" returned to normal. ("Feral Imp": 2000 → 1300 ATK).
 7th turn: Mako 
 "Fiend Kraken" attacked and destroyed "Feral Imp" (Yami: 1740 → 1480 Life Points).
 8th turn: Yami 
 Yami Summoned " Silver Fang " in Defense Mode and activated " Full Moon ".
 9th turn: Mako 
 Mako Summoned " Kairyu-Shin " in Attack Mode in the Ocean ("Kairyu-Shin": 1800 → 2340 ATK).
 "Kairyu-Shin" attacked and destroyed "Silver Fang". The tidal wave from the attack flooded Yami's side of the field. Since the moon's gravitational pull affected the tide, this covered twice as much area as usual due to the presence of the moon card. As a result, Yami was left with one desert zone.
 Mako remarked that the fear of the sea was written all over Yami's face, just as it once was on his. When questioned about this, Mako told Yami that  his father  had been a great fisherman, but he had lost him to the sea. He then recollects on how he and his father had been caught in a maelstrom. Mako's father had managed to secure Mako onto the boat, but he himself got swept overboard. Although Mako never saw his father after that, he was still convinced that he was alive. 
 10th turn: Yami 
 Yami Summoned " Giant Soldier of Stone " in Defense Mode in the desert ("Giant Soldier of Stone": 2000 → 2600 DEF).
 11th turn: Mako 
 Mako suspected Yami was going to move "Giant Soldier of Stone" into another zone to create an island, giving him room to play more monsters, so he Summoned " Great White Terror " in Attack Mode in the Ocean ("Great White Terror": 1500 → 1950 ATK) and got it, "Kairyu-Shin" and "Fiend Kraken" to surround "Giant Soldier of Stone" giving it no room to move.
 12th turn: Yami Yugi 
 Yami switched "Giant Soldier of Stone" to Attack Mode. Mako was surprised and reminded Yami that he could not attack any of his monsters. However Yami explained that he was not getting "Giant Soldier of Stone" to attack any of them. Instead, he got it to attack and destroy his own card, "Mystical Moon" or "Full Moon". With the moon, gone its effect on the tide disappeared, so the waters flowed out of the zones around "Giant Soldier of Stone", leaving Mako's monsters stranded and reverting their respective ATK to normal:
 
 Fiend Kraken ( ATK : 1560 → 1200) 
 Jellyfish ( ATK : 1560 → 1200) 
 Kairyu-Shin ( ATK : 2340 → 1800) 
 Great White Terror: ( ATK : 1950 → 1500) 
 Yami then Summoned " Curse of Dragon " in Attack Mode (ATK: 2000) and activated " Burning Land " to destroy Mako's monsters and take out his Life Points (Mako: 2000 → 0 Life Points), causing Yami to win the Duel.
 
 Aftermath 
 Mako was gracious in defeat and compliment Yami Yugi, who said that Mako was not too bad himself. Mako was then left with one Star Chip, which he promised to use to start over and work to win the prize money for his boat.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Horn Imp 
 Silver Fang Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burning Land 
 Full Moon 
 Horn of the Unicorn 
 
 Mako Tsunami Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Fiend Kraken 
 Great White Terror 
 Jellyfish 
 Kairyu-Shin 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 7: " Attack from the Deep " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Yami_Yugi_VS_Mako.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170624163414']
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels