Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Obnoxious_Celtic_Guard


 Obnoxious Celtic Guard 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Notes 
 1.2   Virtual World 
 1.3   Battle City Finals 
 1.4   Waking the Dragons 
 1.5   Grand Championship 
 1.6   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 4   Scripted Duels 
 5   Video Games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Notes 
 In the anime's English dub, this card is known as "Obnoxious Celtic Guardian". 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 99 ,  Yami Yugi  uses this card during his Duel against  Gansley . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks and destroys Gansley's set " Ashingray " but the Flip Effect of "Ashingray" activates which forces Yami Yugi to discard " Exchange " from his hand and allowing Gansley to Special Summon another "Ashingray" in face-down Defense Position. In  the next episode , this card attacks Gansley directly which allows Gansley to Special Summon " Ruklamba the Spirit King " via the effect of "Ruklamba the Spirit King". On Yami Yugi's next turn, this card attacks " Yowie " but Gansley tributes "Ipiria" and "Yowie" in order to activate  his Deck Master 's ability, negating this card's attack and inflicting direct damage to Yami Yugi equal to this card's ATK; Yami Yugi's plan was an attempt to have less than two  Monster Cards  on Gansley's side of the field but fails as Gansley Tributes "Ruklamba the Spirit King" via the effect of "Ruklamba the Spirit King" in order to Special Summon " Wall of Illusion " and another "Ruklamba the Spirit King". In  the following episode , Gansley's " Melchid the Four-Face Beast " attacks and destroys this card.
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he notes he can't attack with " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " again as Gansley will use his Deck Master's ability to negate the attack and inflict damage to Yugi equal to the ATK of "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast". 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he notes that Gansley can use the effect of "Ruklamba the Spirit King" when he takes at least 1000 points of Battle Damage. 
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears in a flashback Gansley has when he explains how "Wall of Illusion" got onto the field while it was Yami Yugi's turn as Yami Yugi didn't see "Wall of Illusion" on the field before his Deck Master's ability damaged him. 
 In  episode 103 ,  Yugi Muto  uses this card while he's going through a door puzzle. He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy the Level 2 door's " Firegrass ". 
 In  episode 108 , this card appears in a flashback explained by  Leichter  when he reminds  Seto Kaiba  that his birthday gift from  Gozaburo Kaiba  was where all the mistakes made by Seto himself began.
 In  episode 109 , this card appears in a flashback Leichter has when he explains to Seto that his treachery began when Gozaburo gave a large amount of dollars to test Seto's business skills. 
 In  episode 117 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Noah Kaiba . He sets this card in Defense Position. " Shinato, King of a Higher Plane " then attacks this card but this card then flips face-up and isn't destroyed due to this card's effect. Later Noah's " Asura Priest " attacks and destroys this card. 
 Battle City Finals 
 In  episode 142 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Marik . He banishes this card in order to activate " Ragnarok ". This card was then shown as one of Yami Yugi's many Monster Cards that are used to hold down " The Winged Dragon of Ra ". 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In  episode 160 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Weevil Underwood . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks Weevil's " Pheromone Wasp " but Weevil activates " Mimesis " to return "Pheremone Wasp" to his hand and Special Summon " Parasite Caterpillar " in place. This card then destroys Weevil's "Parasite Caterpillar" but the effect of "Parasite Caterpillar" activates, equipping itself to this card which changes this card's type to Insect while forbidding this card from attacking, defending or being Tributed. In  the next episode , this card is still on the field albeit immobilized. In  the following episode , the final effect of "Parasite Caterpillar" destroys this card and Special Summon " Poison Butterfly " in place. 
 In  episode 163 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against Yami Yugi. He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos ". This card then attacks and destroys Yami Yugi's " Alpha The Magnet Warrior ". On Yugi's next turn, this card attacks Yami Yugi directly after " Queen's Knight " and " Dark Magician Girl " attack and destroy Yami Yugi's two defending Monster Cards. Later, Yugi Tributes this card in order to  Tribute Summon  " Catapult Turtle ". 
 In  episode 164 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against an  Orichalcos Soldier . He summons this card in Attack Position. " Orichalcos Gigas " (whose ATK was 2900 due to its own effect and "The Seal of Orichalcos") then attacks this card. This card's effect prevents destruction but Yami Yugi still takes Battle Damage. On the soldier's next turn, "Orichalcos Gigas" attacks this card but Yami Yugi discards " Kuriboh " in order to make the Battle Damage he would take 0. This card is not destroyed. After the sacrifices of  Ironheart ,  Chris  and  Skye  so that " The Eye of Timaeus " is returned to Yami Yugi, Yami Yugi Tributes this card on the Duel's final turn in order to Tribute Summon "Dark Magician Girl". 
 In  episode 168 , Yami Yugi summons this card when he and Seto Kaiba were going through the KC USA building. This card and " Vorse Raider " then fought the Monsters that were aligned with Paradius while Yugi and Kaiba were going through Kaiba tower to find the room the two are looking for. This card destroyed " Dark Jeroid " while "Vorse Raider" destroyed " Goblin Zombie ". Both Monster Cards were only able to hold off Paradius' monsters for a while as " Headless Knight " and " Dragon Zombie " destroyed this card and "Vorse Raider" respectively. 
 In  episode 169 ,  Tristan Taylor  gets attacked by an Orichalcos Soldier but Yami Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy the soldier, saving Tristan. 
 In  episode 181 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Dartz . He Normal Summons this card in Defense Position. " Orichalcos Dexia " then attacks this card. The effect of "Orichalcos Dexia" has its own ATK equal to this card's DEF plus 300 but Yugi activates " Soul Shield " to prevent this card's destruction and end the Battle Phase. Yugi later Tributes this card to activate " Legend of Heart " to banish the three Legendary Dragons in order to Special Summon " Legendary Knight Critias ", " Legendary Knight Hermos " and " Legendary Knight Timaeus ". In  the next episode , Dartz's " Divine Serpent Geh " attacks Yugi's "Dark Magician Girl" (thanks to " Impact Revive ") but Yugi activates the first effect of "Legendary Knight Hermos" to redirect the attack to the latter and then activates the second effect of "Legendary Knight Hermos" to banish this card and grant this card's effects to "Legendary Knight Hermos" until the End Phase, thus "Legendary Knight Hermos" isn't destroyed since "Divine Serpent Geh" had over 1900 ATK and because Yugi's Life Points are already 0 as since he will lose only when "Dark Magician Girl" is removed from the Field. 
 In  episode 184 , this card appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he remembers fighting the Orichalcos Soldier in the Stone Wastelands and Ironheart, Chris and Skye sacrificing themselves to help Yami Yugi, so he can defeat the soldier.
 This card also appears in another flashback Yami Yugi has when he remembers nearly surrendering against Dartz during their Duel due to Dartz trying to use his powers to make Yami Yugi forfeit but Yami Yugi's teardrop falls down on the  Millennium Puzzle , causing him to break ahold of Dartz's mind control and regain his senses. 
 Grand Championship 
 In  episode 196 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Leon von Schroeder . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Yami Yugi uses this card to attack and destroy " Little Red Riding Hood " which activates the latter's effect, allowing Leon to Special Summon " Forest Hunter ". In  the next episode , " Iron Knight " attacks and destroys this card. 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 In  episode 220 , this card is shown when Yugi Muto is shown building his Deck for the  Ceremonial Battle  against Yami Yugi. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In  episode 5 , this card and " Electromagnetic Turtle " can be seen on the ground after  Titan  defeats an unnamed opponent at the episode's beginning. 
 In  episode 179 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. In  the next episode , " Elemental HERO Neos " (whose ATK is 3300 due to being equipped with " Neos Force ") attacks " Dark Magician " but Yugi activates " Mirror Force " to destroy all of Jaden's Monster Cards in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " Death and Rebirth " to destroy "Dark Magician" and revive " Elemental HERO Neos " but Yugi activates " Shift " to change the target of Jaden's " Death and Rebirth " to destroy this card instead. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light 
 Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against Seto Kaiba. He Normal Summons this card in Defense Position after he Special Summons " Watapon " through its own effect. After Kaiba tries and fails to use the Shining Nova effect of " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon " to destroy " Pyramid of Light ",  Anubis  tosses Kaiba aside and takes his place. Later " Sphinx Teleia " attacks and destroys this card as "Sphinx Teleia" can negate the effects of Monster Cards in battle. 
 Scripted Duels 
 In  North American WCQ 2014 Special: Astral vs. Yugi , during Astral's turn Yugi Special Summons this card directly from his Deck via " Soul Rope ". Astral chooses not to attack with " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " which he had stolen with " Number 11: Big Eye 's" effect, and instead uses "Envoy of the Beginning's" effect to banish this card. 
 Video Games 
 Yugi Muto and Yami Yugi use this card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour . 
 Mindy  and  Vyga  use this card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force . 
 Yami Yugi uses this card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances