Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Sho_s4.jpg

For other versions of this character, see  Syrus Truesdale (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 
 
 Syrus with " Drillroid " and " Gyroid ". 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Sho Marufuji 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Sy (dub only) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 丸藤翔 
 
 
 Korean   
 강민 
 
 
 Arabic   
 سايرُس تروسدَيل 
 
 
 Filipino   
 Paulo Marafuji 
 
 
 French   
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 15 (Season 1) [1] 16 (Season 2) 17 (Seasons 3-4) 
 
 
 Height 
 137 cm [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Fried shrimp [3] Grilled fish [4] Liver and Onions [5] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Milk [4] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Zane Truesdale  (older brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Duelist 
 
 
 Organization 
 Cyber Art Dojo 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Slifer Red Ra Yellow Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Did not place     
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Vehicroid 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Vehicroid  Deck ( 乗り物 デッキ  Bīkuroido Dekki ) [6] Cyber Art / Roid 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2008 
 Roid Counterattack 
 
 
 Tag Force 
 Heart of Gold Flying Discus Together Machinery The Same Way Salutation from the Abyss 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Me and My Roids Awesome Roids A Single Roid Tandem Bicycle Two-Seater Riding Together 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Charging Vehicroid Go! Go! Vehicroid My Vehicroid Silent Slash 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 1: " The Next King of Games " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Masami Suzuki 
 
 
 French  
 Sophie Landresse 
 
 
 German  
 Constantin von Jascheroff 
 
 
 Italian  
 Davide Garbolino 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Yuri Chesman (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Adolfo Moreno (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Joanne Chua 
 
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale , known in Japan as  Sho Marufuji  ( 丸藤   翔 ,  Marufuji Shō ), is a former  Slifer Red , then  Ra Yellow , and now  Obelisk Blue  (briefly in season 3, but permanently in season 4) student as well as  Jaden 's best friend. A decent Duelist, although hindered by a great deal of self-doubt, though this mainly stems from his brother Zane's treatment of him, Syrus' journey towards strengthening himself provides sharp contrast to the protagonist Jaden's active determination.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Vehicroid 
 5.2   Cyberdark Vehicroid 
 
 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Syrus's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the Duelist in full  Slifer Red  regalia from front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Syrus's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of the standard  Duel Academy  uniform with alternating colors over the course of the series. The designs for all three uniforms worn by Syrus are identical in basic makeup. With his red uniform, a yellow shirt is worn underneath the jacket, whereas with his yellow uniform, this is reversed. With his blue uniform, the shirt is black, and the collar has buttons not present in his other incarnations - similar to Chazz's uniform before he attended  North Academy . The blue uniform also has fins in the back similar to his brother's outfit also not on his other uniforms.
 His blue hair (of a lighter tint than his brother's) is sectioned in three layers, his grey eyes positioned between the three bangs closest to his face and behind a pair of round-lensed glasses. He carries an Academy-issued  Duel Disk  on his left hand. He has also been shown wearing the Academy jersey when necessary. In episode 8, during a flashback sequence when he was young, he wore a yellow collared shirt with blue shorts and black sneakers.  At the end of Episode 64, while searching for Jaden he wears an explorer outfit, consisting of a khaki hat, a khaki collared shirt with a blue undershirt, khaki shorts, white socks, and his (at the time)  Ra Yellow  uniform shoes.
 In the first season of the dub, Syrus often makes a joke about how  his brother  has amazing Dueling skills while apparently he always had "the looks".
 
 Personality 
 Syrus is an insecure and unconfident Duelist. However, he not only grows into becoming a better Duelist, but a more brave and confident person. He is a very loyal friend, often thinking of Jaden as a second big brother figure, and he has a habit of hugging him in almost every episode.
 Syrus insecurity come from his brother Zane who was a very skilled Duelist and at one time Zane criticized Syrus for using the Powerful card Power Bond without thinking about the consequences.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Syrus is easily captivated by any woman, real or otherwise, who happens to catch his eye. However, these feelings are superficial as he often moves from one crush to another. His main crush is the Monster Spirit of " Dark Magician Girl ". He has also displayed crushes on the cards " Thunder Nyan Nyan ", " Maiden in Love " and " Gamble Angel Bunny ".
 In the original version, he ends the majority of his sentences with "suu" (an elision of "desu"). Furthermore, he calls  Judai  "Aniki," meaning "big brother," while referring to him as "Bro" in the English-language manga. In the English anime, Syrus also refers to Jaden simply as "Jay." In the third season of the original anime, however, Syrus starts to call Jaden by his first name following his selfish actions during his Duel against  Brron, Mad King of Dark World  that led to the “presumed” deaths of  Chazz ,  Alexis ,  Hassleberry  and  Atticus . For these transgressions he begins taking on the self-appointed role as an observer of the season's events. However by the end of the third season his faith in Jaden is restored and he begins to call him "big brother," again. 
 Starting with the third season of the dub, Syrus is able to break the  fourth wall . This is shown when he says he's just there for amusement and would never move the plot along, when Jesse and Hassleberry are ignoring him when he's tied up, he says "I know I'm not the star but come on, a little respect people" and that he carried Jaden's water for three episodes. He's even admitted that he doesn't move the plot along, and complains that nobody listens to him. Another instance is when they start discussing where  Wheeler  originally was worked on; Syrus says "Man, that was a weird episode!" When he ran away from Jaden in the third season, he claimed that the Syrus spin-off show had begun. During the episode he spoke as if each of his actions were the next episode in the spin-off. In the dub he tends to say "oh man".
 In the Japanese version Sho is voiced by Masami Suzuki. She also voiced  Ghost Kotsuzuka , who called  Bandit Keith  "Aniki" as well.
 In the dub, Syrus is voiced by  Wayne Grayson , who voiced  Joey Wheeler  in the  previous series .
 
 Etymology 
 His Japanese given name means "soar" or "fly", and is homophone for "small", signifying he is the younger brother. His Japanese last name means "Perfect Wisteria", with 丸(maru) meaning round, circle or perfection and 藤(fuji) meaning "Wisteria". His English given name comes from the Persian word  Kuros , which means Sun. It could also be a different form of  Cyrus , from the Ancient Greek  Κυρος  (pronounced  Kyros ), which means "young" or "far-sighted".
 
 Biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Syrus is considered to be the "weaker" younger brother of  Zane Truesdale   who attends  Duel Academy , originally residing in the  Slifer Red  dormitory along with  Chumley Huffington  and  Jaden Yuki . 
 Syrus has made progress as a Duelist throughout the series. From the onset, he faced Jaden in preparation for a  Tag-Team Duel , but, priding himself on finding a way to outdo his roommate, overlooked the abilities of his own cards. It was for this same reason that Zane forbade him from using the " Power Bond " card, for Syrus was unable to cope with its potential drawback. He and Jaden Dueled the  Paradox Brothers  and using the Power of Power bond the two won the Duel. He is shown cheering for Jaden in his Duels. When the  Shadow Riders  first appear, he and Chumley are kidnapped by  Nightshroud . After Jaden beats him Nightshroud is revealed to be  Atticus Rhodes , the older brother of Alexis. When Duel monsters sprit day is going on, he beats the  Dark magician girl  in person. He and Chazz provide the commentary for her and Jaden's Duel which Jaden wins in the end. After the Duel was over she gave him a kiss on the cheek.
 
       Syrus in  Slifer Red .     
 At the start of the second season, he joins Chazz and Alexis to watch Jaden duel Aster. Jaden wins the Duel and Syrus is surprised that Aster lost. Later on, Syrus is given an opportunity to advance to  Ra Yellow , should he be able to defeat  Missy . Feeling that he should not shoulder his brother's legacy, Syrus gives his "Power Bond" card to Chazz 
 to pass to Jaden before the start of the Duel, though Jaden convinces him to put it back in his Deck after the Duel.
 In  episode 55 , Syrus develops a rivalry with  Tyranno Hassleberry  over which of the two is better suited to being Jaden's best friend (in the Japanese version, it is over who has the right to call him "big brother"). They constantly argue and fight, prompting their repetitive separation by  Alexis Rhodes . By  episode 64 , their rivalry comes to a temporary halt, when the two Duel to settle matters once and for all. Before the last blow is dealt, Tyranno discovers that Syrus went without food or sleep to search for Jaden, who had gone missing since his defeat at the hands of  Aster Phoenix . Seeing Syrus' devotion to their friend, he chose not to activate his " Jurassic Impact " card, which would have wiped both players out simultaneously.
 
       Syrus in  Ra Yellow .     
 During the field trip to  Domino City , Syrus teams up with Tyranno in a Duel against the first duo of  The Light Brigade ,  Frost  and  Thunder . Although the two are pinned down by their opponents, who tuned their Decks specifically to combat their cards, they end up pooling their efforts to combine their monsters into " Super Vehicroid Rex Union ". Despite their teamwork, however, Frost ends the Duel by wiping out all players but himself, and promptly drags them to his master's lair, from where they are transported to  Kaiba Land  as bait for Jaden and Aster by order of  Sarina .
 As he observes his brother's actions following his "rebirth," Syrus notes Zane's newfound disrespect for his own cards and opponents. He dismisses the barbaric persona, refusing to believe that his brother has sunk so low. Determined to bring his brother back to his senses, Syrus acknowledges the inevitability that the two of them will face one another. During the  Genex Tournament , Syrus and Zane Duel, they are hooked up to  electrodes , just as Zane and  Mad Dog  were in the Underground Duel. Despite his best efforts and Jaden's secret move to place "Power Bond" back into his Deck, Syrus loses, but he does not give up in hoping that his brother can be returned to his former self.
 Shortly after the beginning of the third year at Duel Academy, Syrus advances to  Obelisk Blue . As a result of  Survival Duels  being called for by  Thelonious Viper , Syrus becomes self-conscious of his worthiness to wear the outfit of the elites, and sets out to prove himself. In the Japanese version, he also wishes to adopt his brother's discarded title, and thus merit the name of "Kaiser Sho" (カイザー翔,  Kaizā Shō ). Inspired by Jaden's match with  Axel Brodie , however, he decides to remain in Ra Yellow, and sets aside his goal for the future. (In the English version he quits the  Obelisk Blue  dorm stating that Blue wasn't his color and he left Blue to protect Jaden). After  Duel Academy  is transported to  the first alternate dimension , Syrus falls to the  Duel Ghouls  and becomes one himself.
 Later, when Jaden and company venture into another alternate dimension to rescue  Jesse Anderson , Syrus is the only one of Jaden's closest friends who isn't sacrificed by  Brron . After Jaden wins, he verbally scorns Jaden saying he wants nothing to do with him and up leaving him. While separated from the others, Syrus decides to act as an observer, but later reunites with Aster and Zane when Jaden is released from his possession. After Zane loses to a  Yubel -possessed Jesse, Syrus watches Zane die and fade into particles of light before breaking down in tears.
 In season 4 Syrus advanced to Obelisk Blue again. Syrus later attempts to finish  Zane's  Duel with  Makoto Inotsume  after Zane becomes too weak to Duel, but immediately regrets his decision later as he begins to develop the same heart problems as Zane because of his use of the " Cyberdark " Deck. However, Syrus manages to overcome his problems and defeat Inotsume, thus inheriting Zane's  Cyber Dragon  Deck later on and promises to improve it. However, he still later falls to  Trueman , and is absorbed into the  World of Darkness . 
 It is shown within the World of Darkness that Syrus fears that he will be unsuccessful at creating a  Cyber Art   Pro League  with Zane (as it is his brother's dream) and that he will have to be the successor of the Cyber Art when Zane becomes greatly ill (as Zane has his limits). He also fears that he will be unable to make this dream come true due to few to no people and sponsors being interested in it. It is also shown that if Zane dies when Syrus is still unsuccessful at creating a great Pro League, then he will feel relieved that he is finally released from trying to create something he couldn't succeed at creating. When Jaden calls out to everyone trapped in the World of Darkness, reminding them about the cards that are always there to suport them, Syrus looks at his "Power Bond" card and realises that even though the Cyber Style Pro League may not be much at the start, he can work hard to make it a success. He is revived before Jaden defeats  Nightshroud .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In  the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  dub,  Blister  mentions Truesdale as one of the Duelist he wanted to Duel in the  Pro League . Whether this was meant to imply Syrus, Zane or both of them is unknown. [7] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Main article:  Syrus Truesdale (manga) 
         Syrus in the manga.     
 In the  manga , Syrus is a much better Duelist than his anime counterpart, although he is hampered by his desire to not cause pain to his opponents. 
 
 Other appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force , Syrus can be selected as a partner. Upon getting his heart level to full, he gifts the player with a " Steam Gyroid " card. He partners with  Zane Truesale  during the Tag Force tournament if not partnered with the player. During part three, he is brainwashed by  Abidos the Third  and will Duel the player and their partner alongside the Shadow Rider. He is returned to normal upon defeating him. 
 
 Decks 
 Vehicroid 
 Syrus uses a  " Vehicroid " Deck , mainly focused on  Fusion Summoning  his more powerful  monsters . He also uses a large quantity of cards dedicated to punishing his opponent's defensive plays such as " Drillroid " and " Shield Crush ". Syrus later uses cards that focus on  negating  an opponent's  attacks  and shutting down their strategies. When he Duels his brother,  Zane  comments that Syrus has filled his Deck with cards that protect his  Life Points  such as " Life Force " whilst using cards such as " Pair Cycroid " and " Mirror Damage " in combination with " Power Bond " to reduce his opponent's. His Deck also features a  loop  consisting of " Ambulanceroid ", " Rescueroid ", " Decoyroid ", and " Cyber Summon Blaster ".
 
 
 
 Record
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Gorisuke 
 7 
 No result (flashback)
 
 
 Examiner 
 1 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 7 
 Lose
 
 
 Zane Truesdale  and  Duel Academy  student 
 8 
 Lose (with  Jaden Yuki ; dream)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 11 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Chumley Huffington 
 11 
 Not shown (flashback)
 
 
 Para  and  Dox 
 10 - 11 
 Win (with  Jaden Yuki )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 14 
 No result
 
 
 Dimitri 
 18 
 Win
 
 
 Dimitri 
 18 
 Lose
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 50 
 Win (simulation)
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Dub only) 
 55 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 
 Missy 
 56 
 Win
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 64 
 Win
 
 
 Frost  and  Thunder 
 75 - 76 
 Lose (with  Tyranno Hassleberry )
 
 
 Slifer Red  student 
 84 
 Win
 
 
 Obelisk Blue  student 
 95 
 Win
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelists 
 95 (mentioned) 
 Win
 
 
 Zane Truesdale 
 95 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Ghouls 
 122 
 Not shown (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 127 
 No result (with  Duel Ghouls )
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Alexis Rhodes , and   Jim Crocodile Cook 
 129 
 Draw (with  Chazz Princeton ,  Vellian Crowler , and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 137 
 Lose (dream)
 
 
 Vehicroid Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cycroid  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ambulanceroid 
 Decoyroid 
 Drillroid 
 Expressroid 
 Gyroid 
 Jetroid 
 Kiteroid 
 Patroid 
 Rescueroid 
 Stealthroid 
 Steamroid 
 Submarineroid 
 Thunder Nyan Nyan [Notes 1] 
 Truckroid 
 UFOroid Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ambulance Rescueroid 
 Pair Cycroid 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill 
 Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union 
 Steam Gyroid 
 UFOroid Fighter Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 De-Fusion 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Limiter Removal [Notes 2] 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Power Bond 
 Shield Crush 
 Training Field 
 Training Wheels 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone 
 Weapon Change [Notes 2] 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted [Notes 3] 
 Cyber Repairer 
 Cyber Summon Blaster 
 Dark Computer Virus 
 Life Force 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Micro Ray [Notes 4] 
 Mirror Damage 
 No Entry!! 
 Ring of Life 
 Supercharge 
 Trap Hole [Notes 5] 
 Wonder Garage 
 Cyberdark Vehicroid 
 Syrus later comes into possession of Zane's Underworld Deck after he is hospitalized by it, which he combines with his own Deck. By respecting the Deck, Syrus is able to use it without any repercussions, and Zane acknowledges that Syrus has surpassed him as a Duelist. It mainly focuses on  Mill  tactics through cards such as " Power Wall " and " Remove Bomb " which he then takes advantage of with his " Cyberdark " monsters. As the Deck heavily relies on having  Dragon - Type   monsters  in the  Graveyard , Syrus uses cards such as " Dragonroid " and " Rebirth Judgment " to combat any form of counter his opponent has to this.
 
 
 
 Record
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 164 
 Win
 
 
 Various  Duel Academy  students 
 168 
 Not shown
 
 
 10  Duel Academy  students 
 171 
 Not shown
 
 
 Trueman 
 173 
 Lose
 
 
 Cyber Art  Pro League Duelist 
 173 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Cyber Art  Pro League Duelist 
 174 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Cyber Art   Pro League  Duelist 
 174 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Cyber Art  Pro League Duelist 
 174 
 No result (vision)
 
 
 Cyber Art  Pro League Duelist 
 178 
 Not shown (vision)
 
 
 Cyberdark Vehicroid Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon [Notes 6] 
 Cyber Phoenix 
 Cyber Valley [Notes 6] 
 Cyberdark Edge 
 Cyberdark Horn 
 Cyberdark Keel 
 Dragonroid 
 Drillroid [Notes 7] 
 Gyroid [Notes 8] 
 Infernal Dragon [Notes 6] 
 Kiteroid 
 Stealthroid [Notes 9] 
 Steamroid [Notes 7] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon [Notes 10] 
 Chimeratech Overdragon [Notes 10] 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon [Notes 10] 
 Cyberdark Dragon  x2 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill [Notes 9] 
 Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union [Notes 9] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyberdark Impact! 
 Dimension Fusion 
 Future Fusion [Notes 11] 
 Mystical Space Typhoon [Notes 12] 
 Overload Fusion [Notes 6] 
 Polymerization [Notes 12] 
 Power Bond 
 Remove Bomb 
 Spell Economics 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone [Notes 9] 
 Traps 
 Cyber Summon Blaster [Notes 9] 
 Fusion Guard 
 Lost Pride [Notes 6] 
 Power Wall 
 Rebirth Judgment 
 Supercharge [Notes 9] 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Les Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-GX/Details/Les-personnages/Syrus-Truesdale . Retrieved October 15, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters height guide" . September 13, 2013 .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/d6e91c9ed9a16df5a0e0123cd69ca2ef/tumblr_mt1zczv2GB1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 38: " Get Yarr Game On! " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 44: " The Seventh Shadow Rider " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 64: " Camaraderie Contest " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 12: " The Take Back, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his  hand  while practicing drawing in  episode 36 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 7 . 
 
 ↑   This card is mentioned to have been played by Syrus in a flashback in  episode 11 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen during the  Season 3 ending theme . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen during the  Season 2 opening theme . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   6.4   This card can be seen in the background after he activates " Power Bond " in  episode 164 . 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   This card is sent from the top of his Deck to the  Graveyard  to activate " Power Wall " in  episode 164 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen during the  Season 4 opening theme . 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   9.2   9.3   9.4   9.5   This card can be seen during the  Season 4 ending theme . 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   This card can be seen as part of his  Fusion Deck  when he  activates  " Fusion Guard " in  episode 164 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on the ground after his loss to  Trueman  in  episode 173 . 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   This card is  removed  from the top of his Deck to the  Graveyard  to activate " Remove Bomb " in  episode 164 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Syrus Truesdale  (Sho Marufuji) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Sho_s4.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110107105807', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/Sho_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170315171308', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/230px-Syrusred.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110125152339', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/230px-Syrus.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110125151651', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Shou.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121227183525']
Categories: Characters, Syrus Truesdale pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters