Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Air_Fortress_Ziggurat


 Air Fortress Ziggurat 
 Gallery 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 In  episode 167 ,  Alister  uses this card during his Duel against  Seto Kaiba . He summons this card via " Sky Union ". This card then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos ". Because Alister activated " Soldier Revolt ", he had to end his turn. On Alister's End Phase, this card summons a "Robot Token" (the token then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos "). On Alister's next turn, this card attacks directly, but Kaiba activates " Magical Trick Mirror " to activate Alister's " Junk Dealer " as his card, allowing Kaiba to Special Summon " Judge Man " from the Graveyard with half its original ATK and use it to intercept the attack. This card then destroys "Judge Man". On Alister's End Phase, this card summons another Robot Token (the token then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos "). Kaiba then activates " Soul Exchange " to allow himself to Tribute Alister's monsters for Tribute Summons this turn as if he were their controller. Kaiba then Tributes Alister's two Robot Tokens and Tribute Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". On Alister's next End Phase, this card summoned another Robot Token (the token then gained 500 ATK due to " The Seal of Orichalcos "). "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" then attacks and destroys the token. Later this card attacks "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but Kaiba activates " Tyrant Wing ", equipping it to "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and increasing its ATK by 400. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" then destroys this card. 
 In  episode 184 , this card appears in a flashback Alister has when he remembers Kaiba declaring that he will save his brother from the plane crash and Kaiba dealing the final blow. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In  episode 16 , this card is shown as one of the many cards that  Beauregard  and  Brier  had taken from students. The scene that showed these cards was cut from the dub. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances