Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sacred_Beasts


 
 Sacred Beast 
 三幻魔  ( Sangenma ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Uria ", " Raviel " and " Hamon ", with " Armityle " in the back in the artwork of " Dimension Fusion Destruction ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Three Phantasms 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 German 
 Heilige Ungeheuer 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Bestias Sagradas 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Shadow of Infinity Phantom Rage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Collectible Tins 2006 Wave 1 Collectible Tins 2006 Wave 2 Dark Revelation Volume 4 Ancient Prophecy Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Duelist Saga Structure Deck: Sacred Beasts 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Limited Edition 10: Chaos Black Expert Edition Volume 4 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Advanced Tournament Pack 2017 Vol.1 Tournament Pack 2017 Vol.2 Collectors Pack 2017 Tournament Pack 2017 Vol.3 Structure Deck: Sacred Beasts of Chaos Structure Deck: Sacred Beasts of Chaos Sacred Beasts Unleashed Pack Phantom Rage +1 Bonus Pack Structure Deck: Legend of the Crystals 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.3 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.1 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.2 Advanced Event Pack 2018 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 The  "Sacred Beasts" , known in Japan as the  Three Phantasms  (三幻魔  Sangenma ), also romanized as  "Three Phantom Demons" ,  are a  series  of three powerful  monsters , released in  Shadow of Infinity . They are " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ", " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder " and " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ", as well as " Phantasm Emperor Trilojig ". They are used by  Kagemaru  and  Yubel  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, with the latter also using their fused form, " Armityle the Chaos Phantasm ".  Eve  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga also utilizes these cards.
 Each monster resembles one of the  Egyptian Gods  because they are dark counterparts to them, in a similar vein to the  Wicked Gods  (though unlike the Wicked Gods, they are never stated in-series to have any relation to the Egyptian Gods). In terms of gameplay, they also have similarities to the Egyptian Gods - they must be summoned by sacrificing three cards of a certain type. However, the Sacred Beasts are not limited to using monsters, and they are substantially easier to summon than the Egyptian Gods, which comes at the cost of being generally weaker.
 This series is closely related to the " Phantasm " archetype: the three Sacred Beasts can be used to Fusion Summon either "Phantasm Emperor Trilojig",  "Armityle the Chaos Phantasm" or its  retrain .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Anime history 
 3   Hamon-based Deck 
 4   Uria-based Deck 
 5   Raviel-based Deck 
 6   Armityle-based Deck 
 
 
 Design 
       Linework     
 The designs of the Sacred Beasts, " Uria ", " Hamon " and " Raviel " were overseen by  Kenichi Hara . Each of them resembles one of the three  Egyptian Gods ; "Uria" finds a counterpart in " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", "Hamon" in " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", and "Raviel" in " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Also, like the God Cards, all three Sacred Beast Cards have the same background. However, the Sacred Beasts Cards possess certain visual cues that make them distinct from their predecessors, including translucent wings and more pronounced claws and skeletal features.
 
         "Armityle" linework     
 The three Sacred Beasts are named after characters in Judeo-Christianity. Uria's name is an alternate spelling of the name of Uriah, a man who was murdered by King David because David had an affair with Uriah's wife. Uria may also be a reference to the archangel, Uriel, whose name means "God's Flame", and who guards the flames of Purgatory. Hamon's name originates from the Book of Esther (Hamon is considered an alternate spelling of Haman, a villain who tried to overthrow the King of Persia and kill all the nation's Jewish population. Also, the word Hamon means blade pattern, referring to the wave-like patterns found on a Katana). Finally, Raviel's name is an alternate spelling of the name of Raziel, the angel of mysteries. Armityle, the fusion of all three Sacred Beasts, is named after Amitiel, the angel of truth in Judeo-Christianity, who some consider to be an archangel.
 
 Anime history 
       The tablets depicting the Sacred Beasts.     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , the Sacred Beasts are legendary creatures whose cards were sealed by  Kagemaru  underneath  Duel Academy  behind the  Spirit Gates . The gates require seven  Spirit Keys  to open, as Kagemaru could not unlock their power at the time. Should they ever be set free from their stronghold, chaos and darkness will envelop the world, destroying everything.
 
         The three "Sacred Beasts" in card form.     
 The  Shadow Riders  sought to acquire the Spirit Keys and revive the Sacred Beasts. In order to open the gate, a strong Dueling presence is required; if the keys are stolen and placed in the gate (as attempted by  Don Zaloog ), nothing will occur. To meet the challenge of the Shadow Riders, seven of Duel Academy's finest Duelists were selected:  Jaden Yuki ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Lyman Banner  (the only Shadow Rider to get his key by default, due to the fact his true identity was unknown at the time) and  Vellian Crowler . Although the Shadow Riders were defeated, Kagemaru managed to awaken the Sacred Beasts due to the Dueling energy released from the Duels. In exchange for freeing them, the Sacred Beasts slowly returned Kagemaru to a youthful state, empowering him with the energy sapped from Duel Monster spirits. But Jaden's interference resulted in the man's downfall as such the Sacred Beasts were locked away once more.
 In the third season, after Duel Academy gets transported to an  alternate dimension , a  Yubel -possessed  Marcel Bonaparte  retrieves the Sacred Beasts and builds a Deck around them, which boosts the Summoning speed of the Sacred Beasts and also supports the Summoning of their combined form, " Chaos Phantasm Armityle ". When  Jesse Anderson  reappears after Yubel possessed him, he uses them in a Deck based around quickly Summoning the Beasts and "Armityle" for his Duel against  Adrian Gecko . Although Yubel didn't use them in her final Duel with Jaden, "Raviel" was shown to be in her Deck. After Yubel merged with Jaden, they are safely returned to their resting place.
 
 Hamon-based Deck 
 A  Hamon Deck  is based around Summoning " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder " using  Continuous Spell Cards . This type of  Deck  is best used with " Crystal Beasts ", as they become Continuous Spell Cards upon being  destroyed . It can also be used with stalling Continuous Spell Cards like " Messenger of Peace " and " Stumbling ".
 
 
 Hamon-based Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Dark Summoning Beast 
 Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger 
 Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings 
 Dweller in the Depths 
 Gravi-Crush Dragon 
 Magna-Slash Dragon 
 Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Chaos Core 
 Dark Beckoning Beast 
 Vijam the Cubic Seed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins 
 Archfiend's Oath 
 Burden of the Mighty 
 Cerulean Skyfire 
 Convulsion of Nature 
 Crystal Abundance 
 Crystal Beacon 
 Crystal Blessing 
 Crystal Promise 
 Crystal Tree 
 Deck Lockdown 
 Kaiser Colosseum 
 Messenger of Peace 
 Rare Value 
 Summoning Curse 
 Stumbling 
 Wave-Motion Cannon 
 Opening of the Spirit Gates 
 Traps 
 Crystal Raigeki 
 Royal Decree / Trap Stun 
 Uria-based Deck 
 A  Uria Deck  focuses on Summoning " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ". This Deck utilizes many  Continuous Trap Cards  like " Gravity Bind ", " Imperial Custom ", " Embodiment of Apophis ", " Curse of Darkness " and " Solemn Wishes ", controlling the field and stalling until "Uria" is summoned.
 To power up "Uria", cards like " Reasoning ", " Monster Gate ", " Magic Planter ", " Emergency Provisions ", " Gryphon's Feather Duster " and " Lightsworn " monsters can send Continuous Traps from the Deck or field to the Graveyard. " Anti-Spell Fragrance " can be used to force the opponent to  Set  Spell Cards, which "Uria" can destroy, and it can be used with " Xing Zhen Hu " to disallow the opponent from activating them at all.  Hyper Blaze  is a great support card to help revive and make Uria stronger and quicker ways to send Continuous Trap.
 The main drawback to this Deck is that it relies heavily on Traps, so " Jinzo " or " Royal Decree " will completely cripple it. However note that "Royal Decree", unlike "Jinzo", does not  negate  the  activation  of your Continuous Traps, so they will stay on the  field . Therefore allowing you to still Summon "Uria". You can use "Royal Decree" alongside "Uria" as well.
 
 
 Uria-based Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Dark Summoning Beast 
 A Cat of Ill Omen 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Anteatereatingant 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King 
 Phantom of Chaos 
 Sangan 
 Snipe Hunter 
 Vision HERO Witch Raider Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Emergency Provisions / Gryphon's Feather Duster 
 Magic Planter 
 Monster Gate 
 Reasoning 
 Traps 
 Abyss Stungray 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Embodiment of Apophis 
 Fiendish Chain 
 Hyper Blaze 
 Imperial Custom 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Mirror Wall 
 Quantum Cat 
 Royal Decree 
 Safe Zone 
 Skill Drain 
 Statue of Anguish Pattern 
 Swamp Mirrorer 
 Tiki Curse 
 Tiki Soul 
 Xing Zhen Hu 
 Zoma the Spirit 
 Raviel-based Deck 
 A  Raviel Deck  focuses on Summoning " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ". Due to the  effect  of "Raviel" and its Summoning cost, the Deck has many  Fiend - Type  monsters. It can also afford monsters like " Giant Orc " to give "Raviel" a huge  ATK  boost once Summoned. Raviel also does very well in a " Dark World " Deck, as the "Dark World" cards can be  Special Summoned  easily.
 A good combo is to get "Raviel", " Dark Ruler Ha Des " and " Doom Shaman " on the field at one time. " Doom Shaman " can Special Summon powerful monsters from your hand to be Tributed to boost the  ATK  of "Raviel" and " Dark Ruler Ha Des " negates the effects of cards destroyed by Fiends.
 Tokens  can be used to fuel Raviel's summon as well. So Tokens collected by cards like " Phantom Skyblaster " and " Fires of Doomsday " are ideal tributes over actual monsters.
 
 
 Raviel-based Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms - Shimmering Scraper 
 Dark Summoning Beast 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Doom Shaman 
 Doomcaliber Knight 
 Dark Necrofear 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy 
 Giant Germ 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Kuriboh 
 Metabo Globster 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Phantom Skyblaster 
 Puppet Master 
 Sangan 
 Tragoedia 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Fires of Doomsday 
 Gateway to Dark World 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Multiply 
 Phantasmal Martyrs 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Traps 
 Light of Intervention 
 DNA Surgery 
 Statue of the Wicked 
 Armityle-based Deck 
 This Deck type is a hybrid of the three previous decks and its goal is Summoning the three Sacred Beasts and their fusion, " Armityle the Chaos Phantasm ". 
 While this Deck can use cards that allow the three Sacred Beasts to function, it is very taxing on Deck space and consistency. A better alternative is to focus on two or even only one of the three Sacred Beasts and use the first effect of " Dark Summoning Beast " to summon the remaining ones at a time. 
 Use cards like " Mad Reloader ", " Hand Destruction " and " Foolish Burial " to send the Sacred Beasts from your  hand  or Deck to the  Graveyard , allowing you to use the  effect  of " Phantom of Chaos " to  banish  the Sacred Beasts and Summon "Armityle". " Elemental HERO Prisma " is also useful in this respect: he is able to  discard  a Sacred Beast  and  be treated as that monster. "Phantom of Chaos" can copy "Dark Summoning Beast" as well.
 
 
 Armityle-based Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Dark Summoning Beast 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Chaos Core 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger 
 Elemental HERO Prisma 
 Giant Germ 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Mad Reloader 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Phantom of Chaos 
 Phantom Skyblaster 
 Puppet Master 
 Sangan 
 Snipe Hunter 
 Stygian Street Patrol 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Dark Beckoning Beast Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Armityle the Chaos Phantasm 
 Armityle the Chaos Phantasm - Phantom of Fury 
 Phantasm Emperor Trilojig Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Archfiend's Oath 
 Burden of the Mighty 
 Crystal Blessing 
 Dimension Fusion Destruction 
 E - Emergency Call 
 Fires of Doomsday 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Foolish Burial 
 Hand Destruction 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Messenger of Peace 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Terraforming 
 Phantasmal Martyrs 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 DNA Surgery 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Imperial Custom 
 Limit Reverse 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Shapesister 
 Spirit Barrier 
   
 Sacred Beast  三幻魔 Members 
 Armityle the Chaos Phantasm Armityle the Chaos Phantasm - Phantom of Fury Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder Raviel, Lord of Phantasms Raviel, Lord of Phantasms - Shimmering Scraper Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Related 
 Chaos Core Chaos Summoning Beast Dark Beckoning Beast Dark Summoning Beast Phantasm Emperor Trilojig Phantasm Token Phantasmal Martyr Token Phantom of Chaos 
 Awakening of the Sacred Beasts Cerulean Skyfire Dimension Fusion Destruction Fallen Paradise Hyper Blaze Opening of the Spirit Gates Phantasmal Martyrs 
 
 v e 
 Sacred Beast  三幻魔 a   Members 
 Chaos Phantasm Armityle Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder Raviel, Lord of Phantasms Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Related 
 Chaos Core Dark Summoning Beast Dimension Fusion Destruction Fallen Paradise Illusion Gate Phantasm Token Phantasmal Martyr Token Phantasmal Martyrs Phantom of Chaos 
 
 v e 
 Sacred Beast  三幻魔 m   Members 
 Phantasm Emperor Trilojig 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/DimensionFusionDestruction-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150819035729', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Sacred_Beasts_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080104215526', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Armityle_the_Chaos_Phantasm_Linework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20200719232325', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/Daitokuji_Sangema_Tomb.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110618060158', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Rise_of_the_Sacred_Beasts_arc.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080902212802']
Categories: Series, TCG and OCG series, Series with Fusion Monster(s)