Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Anzu_Mazaki_(Toei)


 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Anzu Mazaki 
 
 
 Japanese   
 真崎杏子 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Waitress 
 
 
 Organization 
 Duel Monsters Center 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Burger World 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Yumi Kakazu 
 
 
 
 Anzu Mazaki  is the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime  version of the character Anzu Mazaki, known as  Téa Gardner  in most English media.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   School arc 
 1.2   Death-T 
 1.3   Monster World 
 1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 School arc 
 Anzu entered the classroom while  Katsuya Jonouchi  had taken  Yugi Mutou 's  Millennium Puzzle  box and was teasing him. She managed to swipe back the box and called Jonouchi a bully. After Jonouchi and the others left, Anzu suggested that Yugi stick up for himself once in a while and asked him about the Millennium Puzzle. [1] 
 Anzu got a job at  Burger World  in order to save money to study dance in New York after she graduated. Having a part-time job was against school rules, so she tried to keep it a secret. However Yugi and Jonouchi noticed suspicious behavior on her part. Jonouchi suspected that she might be dating older men for pay.  Miho Nosaka , fearing Jonouchi could be right, followed Anzu after school in the hopes of saving her. This resulted in Miho getting a job there too. Seeing both girls leave together the next day, Honda feared Miho was also dating for pay and followed them, resulting in him getting a job there too. Finally Yugi and Jonouchi follow the three of them after school the next day. [2] 
 Yugi and Jonouchi followed them to Burger World, where Anzu served them Burgers, but squirted a warning message onto the burgers, in ketchup, saying not to tell.
 They were alerted by a  detective  that there was an escaped convict in the restaurant. Knowing the convict has an injury on his right calf, Anzu spills a basket of toy cars, so she, Honda and Jonouchi can secretly checked the legs of the customers as they gathered the cars. After one man made a fuss over being searched they alerted all customers of the convict, but none of them were willing to co-operate. After hearing the convict is allergic to eggs, Anzu lied out load that they should have no problem as the burger buns have traces of egg in them. This caused one man to panic, exposing him. That man,  Tetsuo Sasaki , tried to escape but exposed another convict, who had been framing him in the process. After being exposed the other convict,  Jiro the Jorogumo , took Anzu hostage and blindfolded her. [2] 
 While she was blindfolded, Yugi was ordered by the convict to serve him a drink and a cigarette.  Dark Yugi  took control and played a  Shadow Game  with the convict. To Anzu, his voice sounded like Yugi's, but he was much too confident and dangerous to be Yugi. Dark Yugi defeated the convict and saves Anzu. Not knowing who her rescuer was, Anzu developed a crush on him and wanted to find out his identity. [2] 
 The self-proclaimed psychic  Kokurano  tried to seduce Anzu, by reading her future telling her how she would meet a wonderful man, who will reveal himself to her and she will swoon before him in love. Anzu hoped this would be the man who saved her at Burger World. Kokurano tried to make himself the man from the prediction and caused Anzu to swoon, by knocking her out with a bottle of chloroform. Dark Yugi learned how Kokurano was making his predictions come true and rushed to Anzu's rescue. Using the bottle, Dark Yugi defeated him in a Shadow Game. Anzu had a brief moment of consciousness, in which she got a glimpse of her rescuer's hand, spotting a cut. Afterwards she spotted the same cut on Yugi's hand. [3] 
 Anzu deduced that if Yugi is the man, who saved her, he must act differently while she is in danger, so she went to an amusement park with Yugi, where she faked putting herself in danger. She pretended to be drowning, but other people came to help her, while Yugi himself started drowning. While she did not know there was  a bomber  in the park, she got into a Ferris wheel. The bomber, also in the Ferris wheel, had planted bombs in it. Dark Yugi emerged and plays a game with the bomber, to save Anzu. [4] 
 Anzu's fashion idol,  Aileen Rao , who was hired by  Seto Kaiba  as one of his  Game Masters , invited Anzu and Yugi to her condominium. She challenged Yugi to a game of  Rijinhai , with Anzu's life on the line, as she threatens to kill her with a tiger. Dark Yugi defeats Aileen, saving Anzu. [5] 
 
 Death-T 
 Monster World 
 Miho Nosaka was the first to be sealed in her figurine during a game of  Monster World , while Anzu was the second to last one sealed. At the end Anzu checked on Miho to see if she is okay.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 Anzu worked in the  Duel Monsters Center . She reacted in the same manner as she did at  Burger World , when her Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Miho found her working there. She served her friends with an intimidated look on her face.
 She recognized  Shougo Aoyama  as a regular at the center and wondered if he would start to Duel, now that he had the powerful card, " Red-Eyes B. Dragon ".
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 002 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 013 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 014 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 017 
 
 
 v e 
 Téa Gardner  (Anzu Mazaki) pages Anime and manga 
 NAS anime 
 Manga 
 Toei anime 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Teana 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/AnzuMazaki-fsa.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20081211151124']
Categories: Characters, Téa Gardner pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters