Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yosenju


 
 Yosenju 
 妖仙獣 「 ようせんじゅう 」  ( Yōsenjū ) 
 
 
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari  with " Mayosenju Daibak ", " Kama 1 ", " Kama 2 ", " Kama 3 ", " Shinchu L " and " Yosen Training Grounds " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Yosenju 
 
 
 German 
 Yosenju 
 
 
 Italian 
 Yosenju 
 
 
 Korean 
 요선수 妖仙獸   (Hanja)   Yoseonsu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Yosenju 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Yosenju 
 
 
 Other names 
 Spirit Samurai [1] [2] 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Secrets of Eternity Crossed Souls Rising Rampage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 The Secret Forces Star Pack Battle Royal 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Booster SP: Tribe Force Dimension Box Limited Edition 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Yosenju " ( 妖 仙 獣   Yōsenjū ), also referred to as the " Spirit Samurai" , is an  archetype  of  WIND   monsters  used by  Sylvio Sawatari  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. All of its members are  Beast  and  Beast-Warrior  monsters, except for the  Rock  " Yosenju Shinchu L " and " Yosenju Shinchu R ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Lore 
 2   Design 
 
 2.1   Etymology 
 2.2   Appearance 
 
 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Official Decks 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   References 
 
 
 Lore 
       The "Yosenju" crest.     
 Normally, they confine themselves in deepest depths of stormy mountains training themselves, but once a month each year, they cause a great storm that descends to the lands below. People recognize their power as a natural phenomenon that transcends human understanding. [3] 
 
 Design 
 Etymology 
 The archetype name, "妖仙獣", is composed of 3 Kanji characters. "妖"  yō  ("strange"; "attractive") refers to magical creatures and practices (such as  yōkai ,  yōsei , yōki, yōjutsu). "仙"  sen  ("hermit") refers to immortal spirits that train themselves in hidden places for thousands of years to become magical, usually to turn from minion demons into gods. 獣 ("beast") refers to the beast-like appearances of the archetype.
 
 Appearance 
 The "Yosenju" monsters are all based off of elements of Japanese mythology and folklore —  especially yōkai — with wind-based powers. Several of the members are based on the  Kamaitachi . In folklore these were weasel-like creatures that rode on whirlwinds, looking to cut unsuspecting passers-by with sickles and nails.
 " Yosenju Misak " is specifically based on a similar creature called the "Yama Misaki" – a demonic wind which takes on the shape of a human's severed head riding the air using fallen souls as a wheel.
 The Pendulum Monsters of the archetype lean more into the realm of Shinto symbolism than Folklore. "Shinchu R" and "Shinchu L" represent halves of a   Torii Gate , which are used to mark a boundary between the realms of the profane and sacred with " Mayosenju Daibak " representing an  enshrined   Kami  in a state of destructive anger. Interestingly, "Daibak" draws inspiration from both the "Kamaitachi" Yokai and the notion of "Divine Wind" or "Kamikaze".
 
 Playing style 
 The "Yosenju" monsters' primary strategy focus on  swarming  the field through sequenced Normal Summons; they also can perform  Pendulum Summons . They share a  Spirit -esque effect that causes them to return themselves to the hand at the end of the turn when Normal or Special Summoned, with the exceptions of " Yosenju Shinchu L " and " Yosenju Shinchu R "; these two last ones focus on protecting the on-Field "Yosenjus" from attacks or card effects as well as on setting up Pendulum Summons.
 The main strategy of the Archetype is to maintain Field control, by removing the opponent's cards from the Field, such as with the effects of " Mayosenju Daibak ", " Yosenju Kama 1 ", " Yosen Whirlwind " and " Yosenju Misak ", while also searching for key cards in order to keep control of the game state, with the effects of " Yosenju Kama 3 ", " Yosen Training Grounds " and " Yosenju Oyam ".
 The previously-mentioned "Mayosenju Daibak" is the current ace card of the theme, and bounces 2 cards on the Field upon its Normal or Special Summon; this effect can be used to deal with cards that would be difficult to get rid of, such as " El Shaddoll Winda ", " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons ", " Fire King High Avatar Garunix ", etc, or to recycle its owner's own cards, such as " Fiendish Chain ", etc. Despite its high Level normally rendering it too difficult to Pendulum Summon, the Pendulum Effect of "Yosenju Shinchu R" raises its Pendulum Scale to 11 in order to facilitate this task. As a Pendulum Card, "Daibak" can boost the ATK of your attacking "Yosenjus" by 300 during the Battle Phase only.
 The Support cards of the Archetype also rely on keeping card advantage, by either returning an opponent's card to the  hand  when a "Yosenju" monster do so, or by returning a monster to the Deck,  instead . " Yosen Training Grounds " can accumulate Counters — as the "Yosenju" monsters are Normal or Special Summoned — in order to give them even more power, by either boosting their ATK, or by fetching or retrieving the cards needed to keep the player up with the game. In order to protect them against anything that would try to frustrate their offensiveness, there is " Yosenjus' Secret Move ", a Counter Trap Card that can negate the activation of any card or effect and destroy that card, provided you control another face-up "Yosenju" card.
 Some off-theme cards that may be useful:
 
 " Divine Wind of Mist Valley ": Due to the effect that returns them to the hand, this card can serve to swarm the Field even more, by Special Summoning a "Yosenju" monster from the Deck when another one returns to the hand during the End Phase; it is more recommended to Special Summon "Shinchu R" or "L", that would use their Continuous Effects to protect the other monsters from attacks or targeting effects. 
 " Fire Formation - Tenki ": it is a staple in this Deck, since it can search any of the "Yosenju Kama 1", "2" or "3" and can even be recycled by the effect of "Daibak". 
 " Spring of Rebirth ": It is possible to Normal Summon up to 5 Level 4 "Yosenju" monsters per turn; this card can give you up to 2500 LP per turn if used alongside them. 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Kama 1 
 Yosenju Kama 2 
 Yosenju Kama 3 
 Yosenju Kodam 
 Yosenju Magat 
 Yosenju Misak 
 Yosenju Oyam 
 Yosenju Tsujik 
 Yosenju Izna 
 Yosenju Sabu 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Bear 
 Kujakujaku 
 Mist Valley Falcon 
 Winged Rhynos 
 Tuner monsters 
 Genex Ally Birdman 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Mayosenju Hitot 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Supreme King Gate Infinity Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Lightning Chidori 
 Number 39: Utopia Beyond 
 Number 82: Heartlandraco 
 Zoodiac Broadbull 
 Zoodiac Drident Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yosenju Oroshi Channeling 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Yosen Whirlwind 
 Divine Wind of Mist Valley 
 Fire Formation - Tenki 
 Fire Formation - Tensu 
 Quiet Life 
 Quill Pen of Gulldos 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Traps 
 Yosenjus' Secret Move 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village 
 Fire Formation - Tensen 
 Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi 
 Official Decks 
 
 Official Yosenju Tournament Deck (1st Place) [4] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Kama 1  x3 
 Yosenju Kama 2  x3 
 Yosenju Kama 3  x3 
 Yosenju Tsujik  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Yosenju Shinchu L  x3 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Constellar Pleiades 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Evilswarm Exciton Knight 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Lightning Chidori 
 Number 16: Shock Master 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning 
 Stellarknight Delteros 
 Tiras, Keeper of Genesis 
 Tellarknight Ptolemaeus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Hole 
 Fire Formation - Tenki  x2 
 Forbidden Chalice  x3 
 Pot of Duality  x2 
 Traps 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device  x3 
 Mirror Force  x3 
 Ring of Destruction 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Solemn Warning 
 Torrential Tribute  x3 
 Vanity's Emptiness 
 Yosenjus' Secret Move  x3 
 
 Yosenju Official Tournemnt Side Deck [5] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend Eccentrick  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Galaxy Cyclone  x2 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x3 
 Traps 
 Diamond Dust  x3 
 Imperial Iron Wall  x2 
 Lose 1 Turn  x2 
 Weaknesses 
 One of the main drawbacks of a "Yosenju" deck is its susceptibility of having an empty Field, since most of the time, the "Yosenju" monsters will return to the hand. This increases its vulnerability against beatdown Decks that are capable of swarming the Field and attacking with brute force. 
 " Summon Breaker " and " Summon Limit " can be useful against the successive Normal Summons; " Mistake " can stop "Fire Formation - Tenki", "Yosenju Kama 3", "Yosenju Oyam" and "Yosen Training Grounds", but "Yosenju Kama 1" can easily bounce them, so these opposing cards may be only a temporary, situational threat. 
 " Degenerate Circuit " can easily banish them when "Yosenju" monsters will return to the hand. 
 This Deck usually has 3 copies of "Yosenju Kama 1", "2" and "3", so " Chain Destruction " may be useful as it can potentially sever the main arsenal of the Deck. 
 " Skill Drain " is also a good solution, as it simply negates their effects, which means that no card will be searched by "Kama 3" and no card will return to the hand by "Daibak" and "Kama 1". 
 As the main offensive strategy of a Yosenju deck is to send opponents monsters back to the hand with Kama, cards then are unaffected by card effects that are useful. " Number 86: Heroic Champion - Rhongomyniad " can achieve this if at least three materials can be used. This monster can be used easily in Tellarknights, as well as " Stellarknight Alpha ", which can be equipped to a Tellarknight Xyz monster for an attack boost and protection from card effects. Anything than can successfully get two level four, dark type monsters on the field can use " Evilswarm Thanatos " to the same effect. Monarchs and any tribute stun deck can use " The Monarchs Awaken " and " The Monarchs Erupt " as well, which can be easily searched with " Tenacity of the Monarchs ." 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   The Organization  - New Duel Terminal World Lores 
 
 ↑   http://ygorganization.com/ocg-06012015-ocg-japan-decklists/ 
 
 ↑   http://ygorganization.com/ocg-06012015-ocg-japan-decklists/ 
 
 
   
" Yosenju " 「 妖 仙 獣 」 Members 
 Mayosenju Daibak Mayosenju Hitot Yosenju Izna Yosenju Kama 1 Yosenju Kama 2 Yosenju Kama 3 Yosenju Kodam Yosenju Magat Yosenju Misak Yosenju Oyam Yosenju Sabu Yosenju Shinchu L Yosenju Shinchu R Yosenju Tsujik 
 Yosenju Oroshi Channeling Yosenju Wind Worship Yosenjus' Secret Move Yosenjus' Sword Sting 
 Support 
 Mayosenju Daibak Mayosenju Hitot Yosenju Izna Yosenju Kama 1 Yosenju Kama 2 Yosenju Kama 3 Yosenju Kodam Yosenju Magat Yosenju Oyam Yosenju Sabu Yosenju Shinchu L Yosenju Shinchu R Yosenju Tsujik 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village Yosen Training Grounds Yosen Whirlwind Yosenju Oroshi Channeling Yosenju Wind Worship Yosenjus' Secret Move Yosenjus' Sword Sting 
 
 v e 
" Yosenju " 「 妖 仙 獣 」 a   Members 
 Mayosenju Daibak Yosenju Kama 1 Yosenju Kama 2 Yosenju Kama 3 Yosenju Kodam Yosenju Oyam Yosenju Shinchu L Yosenju Shinchu R 
 Support 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village Mayosenju Daibak Yosen Training Grounds Yosen Whirlwind Yosenju Kama 1 Yosenju Kama 2 Yosenju Kama 3 Yosenju Oyam Yosenju Shinchu L Yosenju Shinchu R 
 
 v e 
 Yosenju   妖 仙 獣 m   Members 
 Yosenju Kama 1 Yosenju Misak 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Yosenju.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141116183114', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Crest-Yosenju.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20150219225245']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)