Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Runick


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Runick 
 神碑 「 ルーン 」  ( Rūn ) 
 
 
 
 
 Runick Fountain 
 
 
 Translation 
 Rune 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Korean 
 루닉   Runik   (romanized) Translation:  Runic 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Tactical Masters 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Tactical Masters 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 

" Runick ", also known as " Rune "( 神碑 ) in the OCG, is an  archetype  of  Main Deck   Spells  and  Extra Deck   Fusion Monsters  introduced in  Deck Build Pack: Tactical Masters . 
 
 Design 
 The archetype is themed after Norse mythology and action RPG video games, seen from a first person perspective. The artwork of several of their cards also have monsters and characters seen in the art of the cards in the " Generaider " archetype, implying a strong lore connection between the two. 
 
 Playing Style 
 Unlike most decks, Runick does not focus on damaging life points, but instead wins by  banishing  cards off the top of your opponent's deck to force a  Deck out.  It is composed of  LIGHT   Fairy  and  DARK   Beast   Fusion   monsters , most of them have 0 ATK (aside from " Freki the Runick Fangs " who has 2000), but is almost entirely  Spell cards , with no  Monster Cards  or  Trap cards  in the main deck. The majority of the Runick cards are  Quick-Play Spells , which can disrupt the opponent's plays and  banish  cards off the top of your opponent's deck, or  Special Summon  one of their  Fusion Monsters  from the  Extra Deck  to an unoccupied  Extra Monster Zone . However you can only activate each of the Quick-Play Spells  once per turn , and are forced to skip your next  Battle Phase  after they resolve, a drawback that does not negatively impact them greatly as their monsters will never be doing any attacking themselves. Their main card is the  Field Spell  " Runick Fountain ", which they rely on to allow their  Quick-Play Spells  to be activated from the hand on the opponent's turn and to recycle them, while providing draw power.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Freki the Runick Fangs 
 Geri the Runick Fangs 
 Hugin the Runick Wings 
 Munin the Runick Wings Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Runick Allure 
 Runick Flashing Fire 
 Runick Destruction 
 Runick Dispelling 
 Runick Freezing Curses 
 Runick Slumber 
 Runick Golden Droplet 
 Runick Smiting Storm 
 Runick Tip 
 Runick Fountain 
 Ancient Leaf 
 Instant Fusion 
 One Day of Peace 
 Scapegoat 
 Soul Absorption 
 Terraforming 
 Upstart Goblin 
   
" Runick " 「 神碑 」 Members 
 Freki the Runick Fangs Geri the Runick Fangs Hugin the Runick Wings Munin the Runick Wings 
 Runick Allure Runick Destruction Runick Dispelling Runick Flashing Fire Runick Fountain Runick Freezing Curses Runick Golden Droplet Runick Slumber Runick Smiting Storm Runick Tip 
 Support 
 Freki the Runick Fangs Geri the Runick Fangs Hugin the Runick Wings Munin the Runick Wings 
 Runick Allure Runick Destruction Runick Dispelling Runick Flashing Fire Runick Fountain Runick Freezing Curses Runick Golden Droplet Runick Slumber Runick Smiting Storm Runick Tip 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/SpringoftheMysterune-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20220603121901']
Categories: Stubs, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)