Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Blazing_Rose


 
 Blazing Rose 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English 
 Blazing Rose 
 
 
 
 Set Information 
 
 Medium 
 Video game  
 
 
 Type 
 Booster pack 
 
 
 Number of cards 
 90 
 
 
 Cover card 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 
 
 Release date 
 May 20, 2019 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 Navigation 
 
 
 Previous 
 Current 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Lords of Shining 
 Blazing Rose 
 Guardians of Rock 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blazing Rose  is an original pack in the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . It was first released in-game on May 20, 2019.
 
 Description 
 A cold flame envelops the world! Black flower bloom! Come forth, " Black Rose Dragon "! 
 
 Featuring: 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski 's ace monster is finally here! When this monster is Synchro Summoned, it will destroy every card on the field! No matter how many monsters and Spell/Trap Cards your opponent, you can wipe it all clean with this monster! 
 Black Metal Dragon 
This monster can be equipped from your hand or field to a " Red-Eyes " monster you control. In addition, if this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard as a monster or a Equip Card, you can add 1 "Red-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand. Add cards such as " Red-Eyes Baby Dragon " and " Red-Eyes Spirit ." The former is available in this BOX, while the latter can be obtained with  Card Tickets . 
 Keeper of the Shrine 
This monster can count as 2 Tributes when Tribute Summoning a  Dragon -Type monster. When a monster other than "Keeper of the Shrine" is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this monster from your Graveyard or hand! In addition, if the monster that was sent to the Graveyard was a Normal Monster, you can add 1 Normal Dragon-Type monster from your Graveyard to your Deck. Put this monster in Decks that utilize monsters such as " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Red-Eyes B. Dragon "! 
 Metaphys Daedalus 
When this monster is Special Summoned by the effect of a " Metaphys " monster, you can banish all other Special Summoned monsters on the field! Special Summon this monster using the effect of " Metaphys Tyrant Dragon ," which is also available in this BOX! 
A total of 90 types of Cards: 9  UR , 11  SR , 28  R , and 42  N .
 
 
 
 Each box of  Blazing Rose  contains 180 packs. Each pack contains 3 different cards: 2 of them are individually guaranteed to be Normal (aka Common) or Rare, while the third card is guaranteed to be Rare, Super Rare, or Ultra Rare. There is a guaranteed number of copies of each individual card per box, depending on its rarity:
 
 Ultra Rare: 1 copy 
 Super Rare: 2 copies 
 Rare: 6 copies 
 Normal (aka Common): 8 copies
 The exceptions to this are the following Normal cards, with there being 9 copies of each instead: " Krawler Ranvier ", " Subterror Behemoth Phospheroglacier ", " Subterror Behemoth Speleogeist ", " Guardragon Promineses ", and " Aloof Lupine ". 
 The following cards are reprints from previous packs: " Soul Absorption ", " Different Dimension Ground ", " Premature Return ", " 8-Claws Scorpion ", " Arcane Archer of the Forest ", " Great Spirit ", " Swarm of Crows ", and " Sinister Seeds ".
 
 List 
 Name Rarity Category " Black Rose Dragon " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Vermillion Dragon Mech " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Black Metal Dragon " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Deus X-Krawler " Ultra Rare Flip monster " Krawler Spine " Ultra Rare Flip monster " World Legacy - "World Armor" " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Keeper of the Shrine " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Miracle Fertilizer " Ultra Rare Continuous   Spell Card " Metaphys Dimension " Ultra Rare Continuous   Trap Card " The Black Stone of Legend " Super Rare Effect Monster " Red-Eyes Baby Dragon " Super Rare Effect Monster " Metaphys Daedalus " Super Rare Effect Monster " Krawler Axon " Super Rare Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Umastryx " Super Rare Flip monster " Rose Paladin " Super Rare Effect Monster " Tytannial, Princess of Camellias " Super Rare Effect Monster " Cockadoodledoo " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Boogie Trap " Super Rare Normal   Spell Card " Subterror Final Battle " Super Rare Normal   Trap Card " Liberty at Last! " Super Rare Normal   Trap Card " Chevalier de Fleur " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Trident Dragion " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Magical Android " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " White Rose Dragon " Rare Effect Monster " Metaphys Nephthys " Rare Effect Monster " Metaphys Tyrant Dragon " Rare Effect Monster " Krawler Glial " Rare Flip monster " Krawler Receptor " Rare Flip monster " Krawler Dendrite " Rare Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Stygokraken " Rare Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Ultramafus " Rare Flip monster " Subterror Nemesis Defender " Rare Effect Monster " Copy Plant " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Witch of the Black Rose " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Queen Angel of Roses " Rare Effect Monster " Fallen Angel of Roses " Rare Effect Monster " Rose, Warrior of Revenge " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Des Lacooda " Rare Effect Monster " Sorciere de Fleur " Rare Effect Monster " Bright Star Dragon " Rare Effect Monster " Dragard " Rare Effect Monster " Asymmetaphys " Rare Continuous   Spell Card " World Legacy Clash " Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Share the Pain " Rare Normal   Spell Card " Wicked Rebirth " Rare Continuous   Trap Card " Cloudcastle " Normal Effect   Synchro Monster " Kwagar Hercules " Normal Fusion Monster " Metaphys Executor " Normal Effect Monster " Krawler Ranvier " Normal Flip monster " Subterror Nemesis Warrior " Normal Effect Monster " Subterror Behemoth Stalagmo " Normal Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Phospheroglacier " Normal Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Speleogeist " Normal Flip monster " Subterror Behemoth Dragossuary " Normal Flip monster " Influence Dragon " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Fleur Synchron " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Guardragon Garmides " Normal Effect Monster " Guardragon Promineses " Normal Effect Monster " Tindangle Protector " Normal Flip monster " Tindangle Intruder " Normal Flip monster " Blue Rose Dragon " Normal Effect Monster " Noble Knight Joan " Normal Effect Monster " Necro Fleur " Normal Effect Monster " Dark Rose Fairy " Normal Effect Monster " Aloof Lupine " Normal Effect Monster " World Legacy Guardragon Mardark " Normal Effect Monster " Wandering Mummy " Normal Effect Monster " Golem Sentry " Normal Effect Monster " Moai Interceptor Cannons " Normal Effect Monster " Ghost Gardna " Normal Effect Monster " Snapdragon " Normal Effect Monster " Ryu Okami " Normal   Effect Monster " Boycotton " Normal Effect Monster " Metaphys Armed Dragon " Normal Normal Monster " Guardragon Justicia " Normal Normal   Tuner monster " Bunilla " Normal Normal Monster " Green Phantom King " Normal Normal Monster " Metaphys Factor " Normal Field   Spell Card " Subterror Cave Clash " Normal Continuous   Spell Card " Z-ONE " Normal Normal   Spell Card " Subterror Behemoth Burrowing " Normal Normal   Trap Card " The Huge Revolution is Over " Normal Counter   Trap Card " Soul Absorption " Rare Continuous   Spell Card " Different Dimension Ground " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Premature Return " Rare Normal   Trap Card " 8-Claws Scorpion " Normal Effect Monster " Arcane Archer of the Forest " Normal Effect Monster " Great Spirit " Normal Effect Monster " Swarm of Crows " Normal Effect Monster " Sinister Seeds " Normal Normal   Trap Card 
 External links 
 konami.com   Blazing Rose 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links Events 
 Character unlock events 
 Welcome to Toon World 
 Fear the Deck of Terror! The Destiny Board of Doom 
 Paradox Brothers: Guardians of the Gate 
 Attack of the Rare Hunters! Yami Marik Returns! 
 Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom! 
 Dr. Crowler's Tricky Tests 
 Bonz's Spooky Zombie Party 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Begins! 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Awaken! Rainbow Dragon! 
 Syrus Truesdale's Road to Duel Links 
 Espa Roba's Duel Carnival 
 Cyberdark Impact! Zane Truesdale Strikes! 
 Tabletop RPG: Monster World 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sector Security on the Move! Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 I've Got Dino DNA! Tyranno Hassleberry's Ultimate Evolution 
 Consumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 Raid Duel - The Flames of Vengeance: Ccapac Apu 
 Rise of Yubel - Soul Polymerization 
 Destiny Decided! Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Transcend Game Part 2 
 Raid Duel - The Netherworld Cometh: Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Memories of a Friend 
 Blair Flannigan's Maiden in Love 
 Carly Carmine's Duel Links Spotlight! 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Téa Gardner's Reminiscence of the Future 
 Duelist Road - Clash at Crash Town 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 Shark Attack: Numbers Appear 
 D.D. Castle: Assault 
 Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist 
 Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 Raid Duel - Fear the Meklord Emperor 
 Raid Duel - Giant Grinder: The Meet-and-Greet of Nightmares 
 D.D. Castle: Supreme King Rises 
 For the Sake of the Family: Trey Arrives 
 The Power Beyond Dimensions: Declan Akaba 
 Raid Duel - The Embodiment of Despair: Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 The Dark Duelist of Xyz: Yuto! 
 Roaming character events 
 Roaming Duelists 
 Rex Raptor's Dino Mayhem! 
 Chazz-A-Thon 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Other events 
 Duel-A-Thon 
 Duelist Challenges 
 Card Flipper Campaign 
 Unleash the Egyptian God Card! Yami Marik Returns II 
 D.D. Tower: Fire Dimension 
 D.D. Tower: Water Dimension 
 Duel Island: -Gladiator- 
 D.D. Tower: Wind & Earth Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 D.D. Tower: Dark Dimension 
 Duel Quest 
 D.D. Tower: Sacred Light Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Tour Guide's Bingo Missions 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Society of Light 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Mission Circuit 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Yubel 
 Turbo Duel Grand Prix 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Fight for the Fortune Cup 
 Carly's Fortune-Telling 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Attack of the Dark Signers 
 D.D. Castle: Emergence 
 D.D. Castle: Siege 
 Duelist Road - The Power of ZEXAL! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Duelist Road - The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D's: The Three Emperors of Iliaster 
 
 Items 
 Card sleeve 
 Gate Key 
 Ticket 
 Icon 
 Playmat 
 Sets 
 Main Packs 
 The Ultimate Rising 
 Neo-Impact 
 Valkyrie's Rage 
 Chaotic Compliance 
 Crimson Kingdom 
 Electric Overload 
 Generation Next 
 Galactic Origin 
 Primal Burst 
 Abyss Encounters 
 Valiant Souls 
 Crusaders' Battlegrounds 
 Burning Nova 
 Gaia Genesis 
 Stardust Acceleration 
 Blackstorm Rising 
 Revolution Beginning 
 Absolute Inferno 
 Warriors Unite 
 Blazing Rose 
 Cybernetic Rebellion 
 Valhalla Calling 
 Dark Dimension 
 Aerial Assault 
 Future Horizon 
 Judgement Force 
 Truth Universe 
 Witch's Sorcery 
 Infernity Destruction 
 Shining Hope 
 Shark Fang 
 Infinite Ray 
 Antinomic Theory 
 Eternal Stream 
 Darkness Gimmick 
 Pendulum Genesis 
 Chaotic Soldiers 
 Fantastic Arc 
 Maximum Gustav 
 Cross Dimension 
 Shining Sunrise 
 Link Revolution 
 Braver Victory 
 Mini Packs 
 Age of Discovery 
 Flame of the Tyrant 
 Wonders of the Sky 
 Land of the Titans 
 Dawn of Destiny 
 Echoes of Silence 
 Servants of Kings 
 Blades of Spirits 
 Resonance of Contrast 
 Rampage of the Forest 
 Visions of Ice 
 Clash of Wings 
 Empire of Scarlet 
 Power of Bravery 
 Secrets of the Ancients 
 Tornado of Phantoms 
 Dimension of the Wizards 
 Lords of Shining 
 Guardians of Rock 
 Curse of Dread 
 Spirit of the Beast 
 Soul of Resurrection 
 Masters of Shadow 
 Fortress of Gears 
 Flames of the Heart 
 Chronicle of Glory 
 Arena of Sanctuary 
 Voltage of the Metal 
 Rage of Volcano 
 Photon of Galaxy 
 Sign of Harpies 
 The King of Vermilion 
 Arts of Atlantis 
 Idea of Armageddon 
 Force of Infinity 
 Phantom of Rebellion 
 Energy of Gigarays 
 Heart of Xyz 
 Stars of Synchro 
 Stage of Trickstar 
 Structure Decks 
 Dragonic Force 
 Sorcerer's Alliance 
 Legendary Warriors 
 HERO Rising 
 Destiny Rulers 
 Dragonic Knights 
 Synchro Connection 
 Swordbound Silence 
 Return of the Red-Eyes 
 Hero Generation 
 Gagaga Xyz 
 Magicians Arc 
 Structure Decks EX 
 Spellbound Silence 
 The White Dragon of Legend 
 Ancient Gear Awakening 
 Neos Fusion 
 Full Metal Desperado 
 Masters of Chaos 
 King's Resonance 
 Dragunity Overdrive 
 Gladiator's Storm 
 Return of the Fire Kings 
 Tales of the Noble Knights 
 Blue-Eyes Evolution 
 Stardust Nexus 
 Rise of Gaia 
 Evil Domination 
 D/D/D Apocalypse 
 Cyber Style Extreme 
 Sword of Paladin 
 Tellarknight Advent 
 Brave Hope 
 Ruddy Rose Burning 
 Cyberse Code 
 Limited Edition Sets 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Super Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 05 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Super Mini 
 Special Packs 
 New Week Campaign! 
 Vol.01 
 Vol.02 
 Vol.03 
 Vol.04 
 
 Forbidden/Limited Lists 
 2017
 August 
 November 
 2018
 January
 9 
 24 
 February
 5 
 June
 26 
 August
 29 
 October
 29 
 2019
 January
 24 
 March
 25 
 May
 16 
 July
 26 
 August
 27 
 October
 28 
 December
 11 
 2020
 March
 24 
 May
 21 
 July
 21 
 October
 14 
 December
 15 
 2021
 January
 5 
 March
 9 
 May
 10 
 July
 9 
 August
 6 
 Skill Rebalancing 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 Miscellaneous 
 Card Trader 
 Duel Quiz 
 Mission Bingo 
 Loaner Deck Duels 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0c/BlazingRose.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20190616195827']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links sets