Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Spright


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Spright 
 スプライト  ( Supuraito ) 
 
 Other names 
 
 Korean 
 스프라이트   Seupeuraiteu   (romanized) 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Power of the Elements Darkwing Blast 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Power of the Elements +1 Bonus Pack Darkwing Blast +1 Bonus Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Spright " (スプライト,  Supuraito ) is an archetype of  DARK  and  FIRE   Thunder  monsters that debuted in  Power of the Elements .
 
 Members 
 The archetype focuses on Level, Rank, and Link 2 monsters. The Main Deck monsters all have a summoning method allowing you to Special Summon itself from the hand if you control a Level/Rank 2 monster.
 
 
 
 Spright 
 Effect
 
 
 Blue 
 If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 “Spright” monster from your Deck to your hand, except “Spright Blue”.
 
 
 Jet 
 If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 “Spright” Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.
 
 
 Carrot 
 Negate a Spell/Trap.
 
 
 Red 
 Negate a Monster effect.
 
 
 Pixies 
 Send to the GY to increase the attack of your Level/Rank/Link-2 monster during damage calculation.
 
 Playing Style 
 "Spright" monsters are capable of swarming the field with Level/Rank/Link-2 monsters. "Spright Blue", "Spright Starter" and "Spright Jet" would start your plays to summon "Gigantic Spright". "Gigantic Spright" is also able to summon any Level 2 monster from the Deck, which makes them synergize well with archetypes like " Frog ", " Live☆Twin " and " The Agent ". Then, you are able to use the additional resources to summon other Rank/Link-2 monsters, like "Spright Elf" who is able to revive a Level/Rank/Link-2 during the opponent's turn, or "Spright Carrot"/"Spright Red" to negate the opponent's plays.
 
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Spright Blue 
 Spright Red 
 Spright Jet 
 Spright Carrot 
 Spright Pixies 
 Springans Captain Sargas 
 Nimble Beaver 
 Silvervine Senri Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gigantic Spright 
 Link Monsters 
 Spright Elf 
 Dharc the Dark Charmer, Gloomy 
 Hiita the Fire Charmer, Ablaze Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Spright Gamma Burst 
 Spright Starter 
 Spright Smashers 
   
" Spright " 「スプライト」 Members 
 Gigantic Spright Spright Blue Spright Carrot Spright Elf Spright Jet Spright Pixies Spright Red Spright Sprind 
 Spright Double Cross Spright Gamma Burst Spright Smashers Spright Starter 
 Support 
 Gigantic Spright Spright Blue Spright Carrot Spright Elf Spright Jet Spright Pixies Spright Red 
 Spright Smashers Spright Starter 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Stubs, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)