Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_095


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 095 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 仁義 なき 兄弟 デュエル  亮 ＶＳ 翔 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jinginaki Kyōdai Dyueru Ryō Bāsasu Shō 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Codeless Duel between Brothers - Ryo VS Sho 
 
 
 English 
 Tough Love 
 
 
 Number 
 095 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 26, 2006 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 9, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Cyberdark Edge 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Heart of Ice, Part 2 " 
 " It's All Relative " 
 
 
 
 
 Tough Love , known as  Codeless Duel between Brothers - Ryo VS Sho  in the Japanese version, is the ninety-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Syrus Truesdale  confronts his brother  Zane  about the latter's change in personality, and wishes to prove that not only he's improved as a Duelist, but also to try and reclaim Zane's former personality.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Syrus Truesdale vs. Obelisk Blue student 
 2.2   Syrus Truesdale vs. Zane Truesdale 
 
 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Syrus Truesdale  is shown Dueling against an  Obelisk Blue  student. Syrus has " Patroid " and " Submarineroid " on the field, while his opponent has " Gagagigo " and " Amphibian Beast ". Syrus defeats him with a direct attack using the  effect  of "Submarineroid". In doing so, he wins his opponent's  Genex Medallion  and  Jaden Yuki  comments that Syrus is getting much better, but questions why Syrus has not been using " Power Bond ".  Syrus explains that he will include "Power Bond" in his Deck when he can use it in a Respect Duel.  Just then,  Tyranno Hassleberry  calls them, telling them that  Zane Truesdale  and  Aster Phoenix  are in front of  Duel Academy  and about to Duel.
 
       Zane  during his  Duel  with  Syrus Truesdale .     Aster asks Zane if he wants revenge for the  defeat Aster handed him in their first Duel . Zane responds that he doesn't care about revenge, but simply wants victory. Syrus asks Aster to allow him to Duel Zane instead. Aster doesn't mind, as Zane and himself can Duel each other anytime in the  Pro League . Zane accepts Syrus' challenge; saying that he doesn't care who he defeats - Aster or Syrus, as long as he wins. However, he insists that they both wear the  Shock-Amplifying Devices  that Zane wore during his Duel with  Mad Dog . Syrus accepts, and says that he will show Zane the meaning of the respect Duel that Zane himself taught Syrus.
 The Duel begins, and Zane takes the first turn.  He summons " Infernal Dragon " in  Defense Position  and then  Sets  1 card to end his turn.  Hassleberry wonders why Zane is putting "Infernal Dragon", which has 2000 ATK, in Defense Position when it has 0 DEF.  Syrus begins his turn, thinking to himself that he knows why Zane has placed his "Infernal Dragon" in Defense Position.  With that, he summons his " Truckroid"  in  Attack Position .  Syrus orders "Truckroid" to attack "Infernal Dragon" and explains that the monster "Truckroid" destroys does not go to the  Graveyard , but rather is equipped to "Truckroid" as an  Equip Card .  Then, "Truckroid" gains ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster.  Syrus tells himself that with no monsters in Zane's Graveyard, Zane can't use his monster effects to power up the monsters on his side of the field.  Then he Sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Zane begins his turn, summoning " Exploder Dragon " in Attack Position.  He then declares an attack with "Exploder Dragon", with Syrus wondering why his brother is doing so.  "Exploder Dragon" is destroyed, but afterwards, so is "Truckroid".  Syrus asks why "Truckroid" was destroyed, and Zane explains that when "Exploder Dragon" is attacking an opponent's monster, he takes no  Battle Damage , and the monster that destroys "Exploder Dragon" is automatically destroyed.  Next, Zane activates " Quick Summon ", which lets him Normal Summon a monster from his hand, and he chooses " Cyberdark Horn ".  "Cyberdark Horn" equips itself with a Level 4 or lower  Dragon -Type monster from either player's Graveyard when Normal Summoned, and he chooses "Infernal Dragon".  Due to "Cyberdark Horn's" effect, it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster, making its ATK 2800.  Zane orders "Cyberdark Horn" to attack Syrus directly with "Dark Spear", but Syrus activates his face-down card, " Life Force ".  While this card is on the field, Syrus can pay 400  Life Points  whenever he is about to take Battle Damage.  But, as Syrus's Life Points decrease to 3600, the Shock-Amplifying Devices he is wearing send an electric shock through his body.
 While Syrus is feeling the aftereffects from the recent shock, he realizes that this pain must have been what changed his brother into "Hell Kaiser".  He decides that he must not lose and then begins his turn, drawing "Submarineroid" and summoning it in Attack Position.  Syrus explains that "Submarineroid" can attack the opponent directly, and after it does so, it can switch to Defense Position.  Syrus declares an attack with "Submarineroid", ordering it to attack Zane directly with "Deep Depth Impact", causing Zane's Life Points to drop to 3200.  Since it attacked directly, Syrus activates "Submarineroid's" effect to switch it to Defense Position.  Then he Sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Feeling the shock from the Shock-Amplifying Devices, Zane denounces Syrus's meaning of the Respect Duel as weak and meaningless.  Then he begins his turn, drawing " Cyberdark Edge " and summoning it in Attack Position.  He activates "Cyberdark Edge's" effect to take "Exploder Dragon" from his Graveyard and equip it to "Cyberdark Edge", who gains ATK equal to the ATK of "Exploder Dragon", making its ATK 1800.  Then he orders "Cyberdark Horn" to attack "Submarineroid", but Syrus activates his face-down " Cyber Repairer ", which prevents his  Machine  monsters from being destroyed in battle, at the cost of Zane drawing 1 card.  Zane then explains that "Cyberdark Horn" inflicts  Piercing  damage when attacking a Defense Position monster, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force", paying 400 Life Points to nullify the Battle Damage he would take, taking a shock from the Shock-Amplifying Devices as his Life Points drop to 3200.  However, Zane's turn isn't finished yet, as he attacks directly with "Cyberdark Edge", at the cost of halving its ATK.  As "Cyberdark Edge" launches its "Counter Burn" attack, Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" again, paying 400 Life Points to nullify the Battle Damage he would take.  As Syrus's Life Points drop to 2800, he takes another shock from the Shock-Amplifying Devices.  With that, Zane Sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 As he watches the Duel, Aster is in disbelief, because Zane used to respect his cards as well as his opponents, and now, Zane has changed drastically, duelling with such disrespect and cruelty. Meanwhile, Syrus remarks that this Duel is not a Duel.  Zane laughs and declares he thought so as well when he participated in a "Hell Duel" for the first time, but the pain caused him to think differently, and he later threw away his ideas about respect.  Syrus asked Zane if respect was his brother's way of life, but Zane tells him that ways of life change.  Syrus tells him that he is wrong and begins his turn, activating " Pot of Greed " to draw 2 cards.  Then he summons " Cycroid"  in Attack Position and equips it with " Training Wheels ".  Due to "Training Wheels'" effect, "Cycroid" can attack directly, and after damage calculation, "Cycroid" and "Training Wheels" will be  removed from play  until Syrus's next  Standby Phase .  Then he switches "Submarineroid" into Attack Position and attacks directly with both "Cycroid" and "Submarineroid".  Zane's Life Points drop to 1600 as a result, and after the attack, "Submarineroid" switches to Defense Position, while "Cycroid" and "Training Wheels" are removed from play.  Then Syrus Sets 1 card and ends his turn.
 Zane begins his turn, activating his own "Pot of Greed" to draw 2 cards.  Then he summons " Cyberdark Keel " in Attack Position.  He orders "Cyberdark Horn" to attack "Submarineroid", telling Syrus he takes Piercing damage from the attack.  On this, Syrus uses the effect of "Life Force" to pay 400 Life Points and shield himself from the Battle Damage, feeling the shock from the Shock-Amplifying Devices as his Life Points drop to 2400.  Then, Zane orders "Cyberdark Edge" and "Cyberdark Keel" to attack Syrus directly, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" twice, dropping his Life Points to 1600.  Zane Sets 1 card to end his turn, but at this point, the aftereffects of the Shock-Amplifying Devices have taken their toll on Syrus, and he tells himself that he can't understand the man Zane has become and can't respect his brother when he is like this.  Zane tells Syrus that he has no room for respecting his opponents and can only respect victory, even if he has to disrespect his own opponents.  Syrus wants Zane to be the man he once was and nearly gives up, but Jaden urges him to carry on with the Duel.  Jaden explains to Syrus that Syrus is feeling pain and suffering, but he still has cards, so he must trust and respect the cards in his Deck, and they will not betray him.  Syrus realizes that Jaden is right: While he may not be able to defeat Zane, he decides that he will not betray the cards in his Deck.
 Syrus begins his turn, and he realizes that he has drawn "Power Bond".  He determines that Jaden must have secretly placed the card in his Deck when he shuffled it for Syrus.  Syrus decides to himself that he shouldn't throw away the meaning of respect that his brother taught him and he'll inherit the Respect Duel.  On this, Syrus activates the effect of "Training Wheels", bringing it and "Cycroid" back to the field.  Then he activates "Power Bond", fusing the "Cycroid" on the field with another "Cycroid" in his hand and  Fusion Summoning  " Pair Cycroid " in Attack Position.  Due to "Power Bond", "Pair Cycroid" has its ATK doubled, from 1600 to 3200, but on the End Phase of Syrus's turn, he'll take damage equal to "Pair Cycroid's" original ATK.  Due to "Pair Cycroid's" effect, it can attack directly, but loses 500 ATK before damage calculation.  As "Pair Cycroid" attacks with "Double Cyclone", Zane counters with " Power Wall ", discarding 27 cards from his Deck to the Graveyard and reducing the Battle Damage by 100 per card sent, which means the damage he takes is zero.  Syrus Sets 1 card, but Zane reminds him of "Power Bond's" final effect: Syrus takes damage equal to "Pair Cycroid's" original ATK, which is 1600.  If Syrus takes that damage, Zane will win.  As "Power Bond" is about to inflict damage to Syrus, Syrus reminds his brother that his Life Points are also 1600 and activates a  Trap Card , " Mirror Damage ", which, if Syrus is about to take damage equal to a monster's original ATK, redirects the damage to his opponent.  However, Zane is also ready for this with his  Counter Trap Card , " Fusion Guard ", which negates the effect of "Power Bond" and sends a random  Fusion Monster  from Zane's  Fusion Deck  (revealed to be " Cyber End Dragon ") to the Graveyard.  On this, Syrus ends his turn.
 Zane declares that this is the last turn and one of them will be defeated, Syrus declares that he also knows as Zane begins his turn.  He activates " Warp Beam ", which targets a number of monsters he controls and sends an equal number of cards to the Graveyard.  He targets "Cyberdark Horn" and "Cyberdark Keel" and sends "Infernal Dragon" and "Exploder Dragon" to the Graveyard.  In doing so, the targeted monsters' ATKs become 600, but are allowed to attack directly.  He also halves "Cyberdark Edge's" ATK so it can also attack directly.  Syrus realizes that if he activates "Life Force", he'll have 400 Life Points left, and Zane will lose due to a  Deck out .  Zane has his 3 "Cyberdark" monsters attack Syrus directly, and Syrus uses "Life Force" three times and drops his Life Points to 400.  But Zane has not ended his turn yet: he activates " Rebirth Judgment ", which allows him to declare 1 type of monster, and all monsters in the Graveyard will become that type.  He declares Dragon, and then activates " Instant Fusion ", which fuses his 3 "Cyberdarks" into " Cyberdark Dragon ", and Syrus realizes that this monster is the one that Zane has abandoned his " Cyber Dragons " for.  Zane uses "Cyberdark Dragon's" effect to take "Cyber End Dragon" from his Graveyard and equip it to this card, raising "Cyberdark Dragon's" ATK by the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon", and then its own effect gives it 100 ATK for every card in Zane's Graveyard.  Due to being equipped with "Cyber End Dragon" and its own effect, "Cyberdark Dragon's" ATK is 8800.  Aster realizes that Syrus can't activate "Life Force" to protect himself, so if this attack goes through, Syrus will lose.
 Zane orders "Cyberdark Dragon" to attack "Pair Cycroid".  "Cyberdark Dragon" launches its "Full Darkness Burst" attack, but Syrus declares that he prepared for this and activates " Emergency Provisions ", which allows him to send Spells or Traps to the Graveyard and gain 1000 Life Points per card sent.  He sends "Mirror Damage" to the Graveyard, which destroys "Pair Cycroid", and his Life Points rise to 1400.  Then he activates the effect of "Life Force", paying 400 Life Points to reduce Battle Damage to zero.  The Shock-Amplifying Devices activate as Syrus's Life Points drop to 1000, but Syrus murmurs that he has defeated his brother.
 Unfortunately, this is not so, as Zane is revealed to have activated " De-Fusion " to split "Cyberdark Dragon" into the three monsters used for its Fusion Summon.  Zane declares victory as he attacks directly with all three monsters and defeats Syrus.  The final shock from the Shock-Amplifying Devices nearly knocks Syrus unconscious as Jaden runs to Syrus and checks to make sure his friend is okay, while tears stream down Syrus's face as Syrus declares that he does have respect for his brother, in the past and the present.  Jaden is in disbelief that Zane would even treat his brother with such disrespect.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Syrus Truesdale vs. Obelisk Blue student 
 Duel already in progress. Syrus has 2500 Life Points and has " Submarineroid " (800/1800) and " Patroid " (1200/1200) in Attack Position while the Obelisk Blue student has 700 Life Points and has " Gagagigo " (1850/1000) and " Amphibian Beast " (2400/2000) in Attack Position.
 Turn ?: Syrus 
"Submarineroid" attacks directly via its own effect (Student 700 → 0).
 
 Syrus Truesdale vs. Zane Truesdale 
 Turn 1: Zane 
Zane draws " Infernal Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2000/0) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Syrus 
Syrus draws "Life Force". He then Normal Summons " Truckroid " (1000/2000) in  Attack Position . "Truckroid" attacks and destroys "Infernal Dragon". Since "Truckroid" destroyed an opponent's monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard, Syrus activates the effect of "Truckroid", equipping the destroyed monster to "Truckroid" and increasing the latter's ATK by the ATK of the destroyed monster ("Truckroid": 1000 → 3000/2000). Syrus then Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Zane 
Zane draws. He then Normal Summons " Exploder Dragon " (1000/0) in Attack Position. "Exploder Dragon" attacks "Truckroid". "Truckroid" destroys "Exploder Dragon", but due to the second effect of "Exploder Dragon", Zane takes no Battle Damage. Since "Exploder Dragon" was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, its first effect activates, destroying "Truckroid".
 Zane then  activates  " Quick Summon " to Normal Summon " Cyberdark Horn " (800/800) in Attack Position during the Battle Phase. Since "Cyberdark Horn" was Normal Summoned, Zane activates its first effect to take "Infernal Dragon" from his Graveyard and equip it to "Cyberdark Horn", increasing the latter's ATK by the ATK of "Infernal Dragon" ("Cyberdark Horn": 800 → 2800/800). [Notes 1]  "Cyberdark Horn" attacks  directly , but Syrus activates his face-down " Life Force ". Now if Syrus would take Battle Damage, he can pay 400 Life Points to nullify the damage he would take. Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 4000 → 3600).
 Turn 4: Syrus 
Syrus draws " Submarineroid " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1800) in Attack Position. "Submarineroid" attacks directly via its own effect (Zane 4000 → 3200). At the end of the Damage Step, Syrus activates the second effect of "Submarineroid" to switch the latter to Defense Position. Syrus then Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Zane 
Zane draws " Cyberdark Edge " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/800) in Attack Position. Since "Cyberdark Edge" was Normal Summoned, Zane activates its first effect to take "Exploder Dragon" from his Graveyard and equip it to "Cyberdark Edge", increasing the latter's ATK by the ATK of "Exploder Dragon" ("Cyberdark Edge": 800 → 1800/800). 
 "Cyberdark Horn" attacks "Submarineroid", but Syrus activates his face-down " Cyber Repairer " to prevent all Machine-type monsters he controls from being destroyed by battle this turn by letting Zane draw a card. Zane explains to Syrus that "Cyberdark Horn" will inflict piercing damage to Syrus since it attacked a Defense Position monster, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 3600 → 3200). 
 "Cyberdark Edge" attacks directly via its own effect at the cost of Zane halving the Battle Damage that Syrus would take, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 3200 → 2800). Zane then Sets a card.
 Turn 6: Syrus 
Syrus draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. Syrus then Normal Summons " Cycroid " (800/1000) in Attack Position. Syrus then activates " Training Wheels " to equip the latter to " Cycroid " and allow it to attack directly. Syrus then switches "Submarineroid" to Attack Position. 
 "Submarineroid" attacks directly via its own effect (Zane 3200 → 2400). At the end of the Damage Step, Syrus activates the second effect of "Submarineroid" to switch it to Defense Position. "Cycroid" attacks directly via the effect of "Training Wheels" (Zane 2400 → 1600). Since "Cycroid" inflicted Battle Damage to Zane through a direct attack, the second effect of "Training Wheels" activates,  removing  "Cycroid" and "Training Wheels" from play until Syrus's next  Standby Phase . Syrus then Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Zane 
Zane draws "Pot of Greed" and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. He then Normal Summons " Cyberdark Keel " (800/800) in Attack Position. Zane's hand contains " De-Fusion ", " Instant Fusion ", and "Fusion Guard". "Cyberdark Horn" attacks and destroys "Submarineroid". "Cyberdark Horn" would normally inflict piercing damage at this point, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 2800 → 2400). "Cyberdark Edge" and "Cyberdark Keel" attack directly, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" twice (Syrus 2400 → 2000 → 1600). Zane then Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Syrus 
Syrus draws " Power Bond ". On Syrus' Standby Phase, "Cycroid" (800/1000) and "Training Wheels" return to the field. Syrus then activates "Power Bond" to fuse "Cycroid" with another "Cycroid" in his  hand  and  Fusion Summon  " Pair Cycroid " (1600/1300) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Power Bond", the ATK of "Pair Cycroid" is doubled ("Pair Cycroid": 1600 → 3200/2000). 
 "Pair Cycroid" attacks directly via its own effect at the cost of Syrus decreasing the ATK of "Pair Cycroid" by 500 during damage calculation ("Pair Cycroid": 3200 → 2700/2000), but Zane activates his face-down " Power Wall " to send a number of cards from the top of his Deck to the Graveyard and decrease the Battle Damage he would take by 100 for each card discarded this way. Zane sends the top twenty-seven cards of his Deck in order to completely nullify the damage he would take. After damage calculation, "Pair Cycroid" regains the ATK it lost through its own effect ("Pair Cycroid": 2700 → 3200/2000).
 Syrus Sets a card. On Syrus' End Phase, the final effect of "Power Bond" activates, which would inflict damage to Syrus equal to the original ATK of "Pair Cycroid", but Syrus activates his face-down " Mirror Damage " and equips the latter to "Pair Cycroid". Due to the effect of "Mirror Damage", the damage that Syrus would take from the final effect of "Power Bond" is redirected to Zane, but Zane activates his face-down " Fusion Guard " to negate the final effect of "Power Bond" and send " Cyber End Dragon " from his  Fusion Deck  to the  Graveyard .
 Turn 9: Zane 
Zane draws " Warp Beam " and subsequently activates it to target "Cyberdark Keel" and "Cyberdark Horn" and send "Infernal Dragon" and "Exploder Dragon" to the Graveyard ("Cyberdark Horn": 2800 → 800/800; "Cyberdark Edge": 1800 → 800/800) in order to decrease the ATK of "Cyberdark Keel" and "Cyberdark Horn" to 600 ("Cyberdark Horn": 800 → 600/800; "Cyberdark Keel": 800 → 600/800) and allow them to attack directly this turn. "Cyberdark Horn" and "Cyberdark Keel" attack directly, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" twice" (Syrus 1600 → 1200 → 800). "Cyberdark Edge" attacks directly through its own effect, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 800 → 400).
 Zane then activates his face-down " Rebirth Judgment " and declares Dragon for its effect. Now all monsters in both players' Graveyards will become the declared type while "Rebirth Judgment" is face-up. Zane then activates "Instant Fusion" to fuse "Cyberdark Horn", "Cyberdark Edge", and "Cyberdark Keel" together and  Fusion Summon  " Cyberdark Dragon " (1000/1000) in Attack Position. Since "Cyberdark Dragon" was Special Summoned, Zane activates its first effect to take "Cyber End Dragon" from his Graveyard and equip it to "Cyberdark Dragon", increasing the latter's ATK by the ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" ("Cyberdark Dragon": 1000 → 5000/1000). Due to the third effect of "Cyberdark Dragon", it gains 100 ATK for each card in Zane's Graveyard. There are currently thirty-eight ("Cyberdark Dragon": 5000 → 8800/1000). [Notes 2] 
 "Cyberdark Dragon" attacks Syrus' "Pair Cycroid", but Syrus activates his face-down " Emergency Provisions " to send "Mirror Damage" to the Graveyard and gain 1000 Life Points (Syrus 400 → 1400). Since "Mirror Damage" was removed from the field, its final effect destroys "Pair Cycroid". A replay occurs and Zane uses "Cyberdark Dragon" to attack directly, but Syrus activates the effect of "Life Force" (Syrus 1400 → 1000). 
 Zane then activates "De-Fusion" to return "Cyberdark Dragon" to the Fusion Deck and Special Summon "Cyberdark Horn", "Cyberdark Edge", and "Cyberdark Keel" (800/800 each) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. "Cyberdark Horn", "Cyberdark Edge", and "Cyberdark Keel" attack directly (Syrus 1000 → 200 → 0 → 0).
 
 Errors 
 " Power Wall " reduces damage taken by a monster by 100 points for every card sent from the Deck to the Graveyard. In the dub, when Zane explains this, he simply says that Syrus "loses 100 points" and does not refer to the damage. 
 When Zane attacks directly with his three " Cyberdark " monsters by lowering their points, Syrus says that he gives up 400 points to negate the damage from each  Dragon . The "Cyberdark" Monsters are  Machines . 
 In the dub, when Zane explains the ATK boosting effect of " Cyberdark Dragon ", he says that it gains 100 points for every Dragon in his  Graveyard  when it was actually 100 points for every card in his Graveyard (since it was still the anime version of the effect). He clearly did not have just monsters in his graveyard, as he had already played several spell and trap cards. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Obelisk Blue student Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Amphibian Beast 
 Gagagigo 
 
 Syrus Truesdale Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cycroid  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Patroid 
 Submarineroid 
 Truckroid Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Pair Cycroid Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Polymerization [Notes 3] 
 Pot of Greed 
 Power Bond [Notes 4] 
 Training Wheels 
 Traps 
 Cyber Repairer 
 Life Force 
 Mirror Damage 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyberdark Edge 
 Cyberdark Horn 
 Cyberdark Keel 
 Exploder Dragon 
 Infernal Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon [Notes 5] 
 Chimeratech Overdragon [Notes 5] 
 Cyberdark Dragon 
 Five-Headed Dragon [Notes 5] 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon [Notes 5] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Instant Fusion 
 Pot of Greed 
 Quick Summon 
 Warp Beam 
 Traps 
 Fusion Guard 
 Power Wall 
 Rebirth Judgment 
 
 Flashback Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Power Bond 
 Traps 
 Last Machine Acid Virus 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the TCG/OCG, " Cyberdark Horn " can only equip Level 3 and lower  Dragon - Type  monsters. 
 
 ↑   In the TCG/OCG, " Cyberdark Dragon 's" attack rises by 100 for each monster in the Graveyard, not each card. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on the bottom of Syrus' Deck after Jaden shuffles it. 
 
 ↑   This card is put in Syrus' Deck by Jaden for the Duel against Zane. 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   5.3   This card can be seen as part of Zane's  Fusion Deck  after  activating  " Fusion Guard ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 2 episodes 
 #053 " Back to Duel " #054 " Champion or Chazz-Been? " #055 " A Hassleberry Hounding " #056 " Sad But Truesdale " #057 " The Demon " #058 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 1 " #059 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 2 " #060 " Pop Goes the Duel " #061 " I've Seen the Light " #062 " A Greater Porpoise " #063 " Curry Worries " #064 " Camaraderie Contest " #065 " No Pain, No Game " #066 " Going Bananas " #067 " Homecoming Duel, Part 1 " #068 " Homecoming Duel, Part 2 " #069 " Dormitory Demolition " #070 " Obelisk White? " #071 " Duel Fellas " #072 " Not Playing With a Full Deck " #073 " Source of Strength " #074 " Happily Never After " #075 " Taken by Storm, Part 1 " #076 " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " #077 " J-Dawg and T-Bone " #078 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 1 " #079 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 2 " #080 " What a Doll! " #081 " Let's Make A Duel! " #082 " Magnetic Personality " #083 " Schooling the Master " #084 " Generation Next " #085 " Rah, Rah, Ra! " #086 " The Art of the Duel " #087 " Blinded by the Light, Part 1 " #088 " Blinded by the Light, Part 2 " #089 " The Darkness Within " #090 " Pro-Dueling " #091 " Don't Fear the Reaper " #092 " Duel for Hire " #093 " Heart of Ice, Part 1 " #094 " Heart of Ice, Part 2 " #095 " Tough Love " #096 " It's All Relative " #097 " The Dark Light " #098 " Ultimate Destiny " #099 " The Key Factor " #100 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 1 " #101 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 2 " #102 " The Hands of Justice, Part 1 " #103 " The Hands of Justice, Part 2 " #104 " Future Changes " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Series095.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121007024508', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Hell_Kaiser_GX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20090630115509']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes