Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_165


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 165 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ヴァロン始動！ 謎のアーマーデッキ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Varon Shidō! Nazo no Āmā Dekki 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Valon Moves! Mysterious Armor Deck 
 
 
 English 
 Deck of Armor 
 
 
 Number 
 165 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 29, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 5, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Reliving the Past " 
 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Notes 
 2   Towards A Common Meeting Point 
 3   Mai's short patience 
 4   Enter Rebecca and Duke 
 5   Meanwhile 
 6   Featured Duel: Valon vs. Duke Devlin + Rebecca Hawkins 
 7   Mistakes 
 8   Trivia 
 9   Featured cards 
 
 
 Notes 
 Since this Duel involves more than two Duelists, no player can attack until one full turn has passed. 
 Because he does not deem it necessary to win,  Valon  does not use " The Seal of Orichalcos " against  Duke Devlin  and Rebecca Hawkins.
 This is the only Duel of season 4 where the Seal is not used. 
 For dramatic effect, not every action of Valon's final turn is explained (to increase the surprise against Duke and Rebecca). 
 Towards A Common Meeting Point 
 Yami Yugi  and  Téa  climb back into the railway tracks and decide to go in the opposite direction: they're obviously going to meet more easily like this. Téa is glad to see that Yami Yugi looks more sure of himself. 
 Tristan  and  Joey  keep on making progress towards meeting with Yami Yugi and Téa. Joey, however, is getting tired of having to carry  Rex 's inert body. Tristan rallies him by suggesting something has happened to Yami Yugi, so Joey runs off. 
 Mai's short patience 
 Inside of the corporate building property of  Doma , a debacle is going on.
 Mai Valentine  is discussing what happened with  Rafael  back in the I2 Lobby. Rafael claims that Mai went outside of her orders, while Mai claims that no one commands her and she's free to do whatever she wants to. Rafael scolds, telling her not to be too boastful.  Alister  smugly tells her, that, in the end, she lost against Joey. 
 She also accuses Valon of being the root of it, as he stopped her. Valon doesn't reply, and Rafael sounds exasperated by now.  Mai, ticked off, points an accusing finger at  Dartz , who looks very calm and has his eyes closed. She tells him that she won't even allow him to interfere on her Duel. 
 Mai storms off and Valon stands up to follow her when Dartz finally speaks. He calmly tells him to let her be; after all, her fate is within the hands of their god with a smile.
 Mai drives out of the city and is surrounded by four rude and mean-looking bikers who want to 'play' with her. Mai, still pissed off, orders them to get lost. She Summons a " Harpie Lady " and the lead man laughs at it. 
 Shockingly enough, the Harpie  is real  and not Solid Vision. She uses her whip to destroy all of the bikes. She soon stumbles upon Valon driving towards her.
 Mai and Valon talk after they stop next to the road, and Valon tries to reason with her by announcing that he'll deal with Joey. Valon points out that she's gotten obsessed with 'winning' and she won't be ever be satisfied no matter how much victories she sums up. 
 She's like a leech, sucking the blood out of 'victory', but she will feel filled. Mai reflects on the events which led her to meet Valon and seems to realize the point Valon is making. However, she doesn't admit and tries to make it look he's speaking for nothing. Valon tells her that she doesn't have a 'goal' to reach, while Joey and the  Pharaoh  do. Rafael and Alister also seek to accomplish something. And he does as well. He can't live sans winning. He's just found a goal which makes winning worth it: Mai. 
 She asks of him to become his 'person': he'll keep on winning, be it over Joey or the Pharaoh. He adds that if she wants to, he can even defeat Dartz himself. 
 Mai mutters if she can win and Valon tries to assure her: she's already done so. However, she soon tries to look confident by saying she's changed. She tells him not to be so confident. 
 Enter Rebecca and Duke 
 Rebecca and Duke, who were driving the caravan, spot the two of them and brake. Mai recognizes Duke (who's still on board the car). Rebecca yells at Valon, accusing him of stealing Yugi's soul. Valon asks what if they did so. She tells him that she can't let him get away with it. Valon calmly asks so what. She challenges Valon.
 Duke joins her, so Valon accepts their challenge, sounding amused. Mai realizes that Rebecca is the All-American Champion from her announcement: she's heard of her. Valon shrugs and says that she's a brave girl, and fighting her is not much of an eyesore. He tells Mai that he'll show her 'a piece' of his 'real power'. 
 (For the steps in the Duel, see "Featured Duel").
 Once the Duel is over, Valon tells them to warn Joey that he's next. Mai storms off, having seen enough even though she's impressed nevertheless. 
 Meanwhile 
 Tristan and Joey are trying to recover from their earlier sprint. Joey accuses Tristan of being wicked: he made him carry Rex's body for 5,000 steps! Joey looks up and spots an aurora which has appeared out of nowhere in the skies.
 Not too far from there, Yami and Téa witness the same phenomenon as well. Téa recalls the last time when it showed up: it was when  Timaeus fought the 'Dark' Sun. . 
 Dartz looks out from his building's windows: he knows that their 'God' is starting to move thanks to the strong souls it has received. He makes a smug smile.
 On board a KC Boeing,  Mokuba  is talking with his brother  Seto  about how hard he finds it to believe that Yami Yugi was defeated. Kaiba simply responds that he was not the man he expected him to be and that he has "no interest in losers". 
 Suddenly, an aurora shows up outside in the sky. Kaiba frowns: he knows auroras do not happen at these latitudes. The pilot warns the passengers that they are about to enter a low-pressure area and requests of them to check their seat belts just in case before he makes a smug smile. 
 Featured Duel: Valon vs. Duke Devlin + Rebecca Hawkins 
 Turn 1: Valon 
Valon  draws  " Psychic Armor Head " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (0/500) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Duke Devlin 
Duke draws " Summon Dice " and subsequently activates it,  paying  1000  Life Points  (Duke: 4000 → 3000) to roll a die. If he rolls a 1 or 2, he can Normal Summon up to two  Level  4 or lower monsters from his hand. If he rolls a 3 or a 4, he can Special Summon 1 monster from his Graveyard. If he rolls a 5 or a 6, he can Normal Summon a Level 5 or higher monster from his hand. Duke gets a six, so he Normal Summons " Orgoth the Relentless " (2500/2450) from his hand in Attack Position without  Tribute .
 Turn 3: Rebecca Hawkins 
Rebecca draws " Luster Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1900/1600) in Attack Position. She then Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Valon 
Valon activates "Psychic Armor Head's" first  effect  to add " Double Cloth Armor " from his  Deck  to his hand instead of conducting his  Draw Phase . He then Tributes "Psychic Armor Head" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Double Cloth Armor" (0/0) in Attack Position. This monster can't attack, but if an opponent's monster attacks it, the opponent will take damage equal to half the ATK of their attacking monster and then both battling monsters will be destroyed without Damage Calculation being applied. Valon Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Duke Devlin 
Duke draws a card and subsequently sets it. "Orgoth the Relentless" attacks Valon's "Double Cloth Armor". The effect of "Double Cloth Armor" then activates, destroying both "Double Cloth Armor" and "Orgoth the Relentless" without applying damage calculation and inflicting damage to Duke equal to half of his monster's ATK (Duke 3000 → 1750).
 Turn 6: Rebecca Hawkins 
Rebecca draws a card and subsequently sets it. She then Tributes "Luster Dragon" in order to Tribute Summon " Luster Dragon #2 " (2400/1400) in Attack Position. "Luster Dragon #2" attacks directly, but Valon activates his face-down " Magnet Armor " to Special Summon "Double Cloth Armor" (0/0) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position and use it to block the attack. The effect of "Double Cloth Armor" then immediately activates, destroying "Double Cloth Armor" and "Luster Dragon #2" without applying damage calculation and inflicting damage to Rebecca equal to half of her monster's ATK (Rebecca 4000 → 2800).
 Rebecca activates her face-down " Rope of Life " to discard her entire hand and Special Summon "Luster Dragon #2" from the Graveyard in Attack Position with 800 more ATK (2400 → 3200/1400). Duke then activates his face-down " Adamantine Sword Revival " to Tribute Rebecca's "Luster Dragon #2" and Special Summon " Diamond Head Dragon " (?/2800) to her side of the Field in Attack Position. The ATK of "Diamond Head Dragon becomes equal to the ATK of "Luster Dragon #2" when it was Tributed plus 1000 ("Diamond Head Dragon": ? → 4200/2800). Due to the effect of "Adamantine Sword Revival", "Diamond Head Dragon" is not allowed to attack this turn.
 Turn 7: Valon 
Valon draws. On Valon's Standby Phase, he activates the second effect of "Psychic Armor Head" to Special Summon the latter (0/500) from the Graveyard in Attack Position. Valon then activates " Armored Gravitation " to Special Summon " Big Bang Blow " (0/0), " Trap Buster " (0/0), " Over Boost " (0/1000), and " Active Guard " (0/2500) from his Deck in Attack Position.
 "Big Bang Blow" attacks Rebecca's "Diamond Head Dragon", but Rebecca activates her face-down " Mirror Force " to destroy all of Valon's Attack Position monsters, however Valon activates the effect of "Trap Buster"" to negate the effect of "Mirror Force". Due to the effect of " Active Guard ", Valon takes no damage this turn. "Diamond Head Dragon" destroys "Big Bang Blow". 
 Since "Big Bang Blow" was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard while Valon controlled at least two Armor Monsters, its effect activates, inflicting damage to all players equal to the total combined ATK of their respective monsters (Duke 1750 → 0; Rebecca 2800 → 0). After that happens, the effect of "Big Bang Blow" destroys all monsters on the field.
 
 Mistakes 
 In the dub, when Rebecca Hawkins Summons " Luster Dragon ", she calls it "Luster Dragon #2", which was already given to the 6-star version she Tributes it for. 
 Duke in the Japanese version speaks with either incorrect subtitles OR incorrectly states that he would lose 250 life points should he attack. Seeing as Orgoth the relentless has 2500 attack points, half of it is 1250. (source  https://www.crunchyroll.com/yu-gi-oh/episode-165-valon-on-the-move-mysterious-armor-deck-770109 ) 
 Trivia 
 This is the only duel fully shown on-screen in the Doma arc that does not feature any one of the chosen duelists (Yugi, Kaiba and Joey). 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Mai Valentine Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Harpie Lady 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Harpie Lady 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Fiend Megacyber Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 
 Valon Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Active Guard 
 Big Bang Blow 
 Double Cloth Armor 
 Over Boost 
 Psychic Armor Head 
 Trap Buster Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Armored Gravitation 
 Traps 
 Magnet Armor 
 
 Duke Devlin Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Diamond Head Dragon 
 Orgoth the Relentless Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Adamantine Sword Revival 
 Summon Dice 
 
 Rebecca Hawkins Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Luster Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Rope of Life 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Yugioh165.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130117111801']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes