Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:NoaKaiba.png


 
 Noah Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬 乃亜 海馬乃亜 かいばのあ Rōmaji: ( Kaiba Noa ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Gozaburo Kaiba  (father; deceased) Seto Kaiba  (adoptive brother) Mokuba Kaiba  (adoptive brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Creation Spirit 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Shinato's Ark Shinato, King of a Higher Plane 
 
 
 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Divine Ark 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 98: " A Virtual Nightmare " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Andrew Rannells 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Chisa Yokoyama 
 
 
 German voice 
 Hannes Maurer 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Francisco Freitas (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish voice 
 Ricardo Escobar (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Noah Kaiba  ( Kaiba Noa ) is the biological son of  Gozaburo Kaiba  and the main antagonist of the anime-exclusive  Virtual World  arc until his defeat at  Yami Yugi 's hands using both his and  Seto Kaiba 's cards. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Mannerisms 
 3   Biography 
 
 3.1   History 
 3.2   Virtual World 
 3.3   Battle City Finals 
 
 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Anime 
 
 4.1.1   Creation 
 4.1.2   Spirit Deck 
 
 
 4.2   Video games 
 
 4.2.1   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Appearance 
 
 Noah's usual outfit consists of a white long-sleeved jacket with purple markings, white shorts, navy blue knee socks and brown loafers. He has green and teal hair, blue eyes and fair skin.
 
 Mannerisms 
 In the English dub, Noah tends to use the expression "shall we?" in duels, he also speaks with a squeaky voice, though after his change of heart, his voice becomes more mature.
 In the Japanese version he references religion, such as referring himself as a God or a creator and saying that demons (fiend/zombie monsters) belong in "hell". He tends to be very impolite with everybody, mainly the Big Five. He tends to laugh manically.  He refers to himself with "boku," a word for "I" typically spoken by young males, besides being the same age as Kaiba, this could represent that he is still immature.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       A picture of Noah and his father, Gozaburo.     
 Noah Kaiba lived with his power-hungry and wealthy father,  Gozaburo Kaiba , in luxury. To groom him as the heir of  KaibaCorp ., he was made to study heavily in various fields of academics, music and sports not unlike Seto Kaiba; unlike Seto, he genuinely enjoyed his lessons. To ensure he had the best education, Gozaburo hired only the best instructors and tutors. When Noah was around twelve years old, he was involved in a car accident which left him in a critical condition with little chance of him surviving. In the hope of saving his son, Gozaburo uploaded Noah's mind onto a supercomputer just before Seto was adopted. Noah's consciousness lived in a  Virtual World  that initially only included his own empty bedroom, but was ultimately expanded to include many other areas. Noah at first found his virtual existence almost pleasant, even enjoyable. The limits and bugs in the virtual citizens and his own virtual pet caused Noah to grow increasingly frustrated, agitated and in some cases, even sadistic to seek out some satisfaction in his virtual existence. While his intelligence (and ego) grew exponentially, with no real human contact, Noah's maturity remained at the level of a small child.
 Gozaburo had adopted Seto as a model for Noah, but eventually, he forgot about his own son, realizing he would always be a spoiled brat, in favor of teaching Seto. When Seto took over  KaibaCorp , Gozaburo (in frustration and defeat) uploaded his own mind into Noah's Virtual World.
 
 Virtual World 
 Six years later, Noah took his revenge on Seto. He kidnaps Seto and his passengers on Seto's  Battle Ship  during the semi-finals of  Battle City , hoping to take one of the passenger's bodies, preferably Seto's. With the help of the  Big Five  (the former chief executives of  KaibaCorp  who had been trapped in the virtual realm after their failed coup) and his father, Noah locked Seto and the others in his virtual world and Dueled with them for their bodies.
 Unfortunately for the Big Five, they all fail to defeat the group, despite the mediocre and amateur Dueling abilities of such players as  Téa Gardner ,  Tristan Taylor  and  Serenity Wheeler . The Big Five were only able to claim Tristan's body- and even Tristan was only acquired on a technicality as Serenity actually won that Duel with the aid of  Duke Devlin  after Tristan's defeat, with the combined Big Five being defeated by Yami Yugi and  Joey Wheeler  in a final Duel. Disgusted at the Big Five's failures, Noah deleted them (in the dub, he imprisoned them in isolated portions of the Virtual World) and decides to take on Seto himself, attempting to take Seto's body so that he could fulfill his role as  Kaiba Corporation 's heir. He brainwashed  Mokuba Kaiba  into regarding Noah as his true brother rather than Seto, in order to weaken Seto's resolve, before Noah personally Duels with Seto.
 Though Noah proved to be more skilled than the Big 5, he could have used Shinato's effect to stop himself from being defeated, but used Mokuba to discourage Kaiba from attacking, as both Noah and Kaiba knew continuing with the attack would severely harm Mokuba, and because of how close Kaiba is with Mokuba, Noah knew Seto would never risk destroying him for the sake of winning one Duel. Just as Seto Kaiba was about to lose, he managed to get through to Mokuba and freed him from Noah's mind control. In retaliation, Noah turned both Seto and Mokuba into stone.
 Noah then dueled with Yami Yugi, who took Kaiba's place and used both his and Kaiba's cards to prove to Noah that he only won by trickery and deceit. Despite Yami Yugi's protests against Noah's cruel tricks, Noah appeared to have the advantage in the duel, as he not only turned Yugi's remaining friends to stone with each attack, but his use of " Shinato, King of a Higher Plane " as his  Deck Master  allowed him to add to his Life Points whenever a monster is sent to the Graveyard, along with his  Spirit monsters . This left Yami Yugi at an even greater disadvantage when he had started out with a very small number of Life Points to begin with, since Seto's had been worn down to almost nothing. However, although Noah even manages to defeat Yami Yugi's three Dark Magicians (" Dark Magician ", " Dark Magician Girl " and " Magician of Black Chaos "), he loses when the Pharaoh, having drawn " Card of Sanctity ", is able to draw six new cards- one for each of his defeated friends-, allowing him to draw Kaiba's three " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " cards, and fused them to form the " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " to defeat Noah's  strongest Spirit monster , Yami Yugi subsequently using " De-Fusion " to separate them and deplete Noah's Life Points, now that he has no monsters on the field to protect him.
 Despite his loss, Noah attempted to steal Yugi's body, only to be forced out due to Yami already residing within it. After Gozaburo revealed himself, Noah showed everyone that there was a way for them to escape, but when he shows Mokuba to it, he escapes in Mokuba's body and leaves the virtual realm. Using his new body, Noah attempts to blow up the computer by ordering a missile equipped satellite to destroy the submarine and the minds of everyone inside along with it
 At the very last minute, Noah remembered how Mokuba had called him "brother" and still loved him, even after he tried to kill him and Seto. Realizing that what he was doing was wrong, Noah tried to call off the satellite, but found out that the computer he used to control was destroyed by  Yami Marik . Despite that, he managed to give Mokuba back his body, get every one out of the virtual world to safety, and save them from being blown up. Before Noah evacuated Yugi and his friends from his Virtual World Island, he apologized to them for his transgressions, and begged Yugi to rescue Seto from Gozaburo, as they locked themselves in a Duel.
 As everyone else hurried to escape, Noah thanked Mokuba for showing him true friendship and brotherhood, bids him farewell, and sent him away to safety along with Yugi and the others. With Noah unable to stop the explosion, Noah's and Gozaburo's minds were destroyed, because Noah had made sure to keep Gozaburo from escaping into the net by binding himself with his father. After this, Noah was heard by Mokuba telling him goodbye (he is not heard in the dub, and this small scene with Mokuba is removed). Noah was finally able to accept the fact that he had died long ago, unlike his father. In the English dub, he is believed to have saved himself on a back-up file before the explosion, allowing the possibility of Mokuba one day being able to see him again.
 
 Battle City Finals 
 Noah doesn't return to the real world in this arc but was mentioned by Tea and Serenity after the Battle City Tournament ended. Two flashbacks appear: one where he was Dueling Yami Yugi, and the other when Noah said that he would free Gozaburo's mind to evade hurting anyone again. Despite that, nothing was mentioned about Noah's relationship with Seto Kaiba and Mokuba.
 
 Decks 
 Anime 
 Creation 
 Against Seto, Noah uses a  Creation Deck  based around the symbolic creation of Earth. First he uses elements that homage the pagans ("Aeris", "Chiron the Mage"), then the Flood sent by God, and after that its developmental and evolutionary stages, such as the reign of the dinosaurs, the ice age, modern and futuristic times and the Apocalypse (represented through his Deck Master, "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane").
 
 
 Creation Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aeris 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Gradius 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chiron the Mage 
 Giant Rex 
 Gradius' Option 
 Last Tusk Mammoth 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Shinato, King of a Higher Plane Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyclon Laser 
 Dark Hole 
 Deepest Impact 
 Fissure 
 Giant Flood 
 Ice Age Panic 
 Matter Leveler 
 Shinato's Ark 
 Traps 
 Earthshaker 
 Spirit Deck 
 Against Yugi, Noah used a  Spirit  Deck , focused on replenishing  Life Points  at an extremely rapid rate.
 
 
 Spirit Deck Monsters   
 Spirit monsters 
 Asura Priest 
 Great Long Nose [Notes 1] 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi 
 Inaba White Rabbit 
 Otohime  x2 
 Yamata Dragon 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Shinato, King of a Higher Plane [Notes 2] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Change of Heart 
 Flaming Fist 
 Next World 
 Sebek's Blessing 
 Spiritual Energy Settle Machine 
 Spring of Rebirth 
 Traps 
 Chaos Barrier Field 
 Ground Breaking 
 Pyro Clock of Destiny 
 Vessel of Illusion 
 Video games 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 Divine Ark Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dunames Dark Witch  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Airknight Parshath  x2 
 Dancing Fairy  x2 
 Magician of Faith  x2 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands  x3 
 The Forgiving Maiden  x2 
 Spirit monsters 
 Tsukuyomi  x2 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Shinato, King of a Higher Plane  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Moon 
 Brain Control  x2 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Fissure 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Graceful Charity 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Shinato's Ark  x2 
 Swords of Concealing Light 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky  x2 
 The Shallow Grave  x2 
 Twin Swords of Flashing Light - Tryce 
 Traps 
 Hidden Book of Spell 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Seto Kaiba / Yami Yugi 
 114 - 119 
 Win (Kaiba), Lose (Yami)
 
 Trivia 
 Noah has a striking resemblance to Seto Kaiba's look in  the first series anime . 
 While Noah didn't tolerate The Big Five cheating, he was apparently not above doing it himself, though using Mokuba wasn't the only option to stop defeat. Considering this, he used Mokuba to defend himself in order to strain his bond with Kaiba. 
 Noah Kaiba, Gozaburo and  Zigfried von Schroeder  are the only major antagonists who have no apparent knowledge about the existence of Yami Yugi. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in his hand during  episode 117 . 
 
 ↑   This card is the Deck Master from the previous duel, still in use. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/NoaKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200119210601', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Noahvillainswiki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/240?cb=20171231144007', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/DMx110_Younger_Gozaburo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/175?cb=20120620021529']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters