Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Zane_Truesdale

For other versions of this character, see  Zane Truesdale (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Zane Truesdale 
 
 
 
 
 Zane with " Cyber End Dragon " 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Zane Truesdale 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Ryo Marufuji 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Kaiser (Ryo) Hell Kaiser (Ryo) SaiKaiser [1] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 丸藤 亮 
 
 
 Korean   
 강혁 
 
 
 French   
 Zen Truesdale 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 17 (Season 1) [2] 18 (Season 2) 19 (Seasons 3-4) 
 
 
 Height 
 184.7 cm [3] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Syrus Truesdale  (younger brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Duelist 
 
 
 Organization 
 Cyber Art Dojo 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Dropped out     
 
 
 Team 
 Cyber Style ( WC 2008 ) 
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Cyber Art 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Cyber Art  Deck (サイバー流デッキ  Saibā Ryū Dekki ) [4] Underworld  Deck (サイバー流裏デッキ  Saibā Ryū Ura Dekki ) [4] 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2007 
 Cyber Dark Force 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 Underworld Deck Zane Truesdale Fortress 
 
 
 Tag Force 
 Ultimate Mecha-Dragon Supreme Mecha-Dragon New Mecha-Dragon Final Fusion Emperor's Accomplice Emperor Glory 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Cyber Attack Cyber Crush Cyber Dark Force Chimera Explosion Ultimate Chimera 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 8: " Two Big Brothers!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 1: " The Next King of Games " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Other  
 Duel Terminal 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Scottie Ray Andrew Rannells  (younger) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Takeshi Maeda 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Hesham abu Suleiman 
 
 
 German  
 Dennis Schmidt-Foß 
 
 
 Italian  
 Luca Bottale 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Cholo Moratalla 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Michael Punzalan 
 
 
 
 Zane Truesdale , known in Japan as  Ryo Marufuji  and nicknamed  "Kaiser Ryo" , is the top  Duelist  of  Duel Academy  when  Jaden Yuki  is in his first year. Zane serves as one of Jaden's friendly rivals during that year, though he takes a more brutal approach to Dueling after experiencing a transformation of mind during the next year. In subsequent years, he develops fatal heart conditions and seeks an opponent worthy enough to give him his final and greatest Duel before he expires, though he is later revived under unexplained circumstances during season four.
 Zane is one of three people to have defeated Jaden in a Duel, the others being  Kaibaman  and  Aster Phoenix .
 An alternate universe  version  of Zane exists in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , but has not appeared on-screen. [5] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Seven Stars 
 2.3   Society of Light 
 2.4   Dimension World 
 2.5   Darkness 
 2.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Syrus Truesdale 
 3.2   Jaden Yuki 
 3.3   Alexis Rhodes 
 3.4   Atticus Rhodes 
 3.5   Aster Phoenix 
 3.6   Jesse Anderson 
 
 
 4   Manga 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Cyber Art 
 5.2   Underworld 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 9   Triva 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Zane's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in full  Obelisk Blue  regalia from the front, rear and alongside views with views of his head from different angles.     
 Zane's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His first season outfit (left) consists of the standard  Obelisk Blue  uniform with a more pronounced collar, tighter-bound sleeves, and pointed rims coming out the costume's lower back. His blue hair is sectioned in three layers, his blue eyes positioned directly beneath the bangs of the layer closest to his face. He carries an  Academy -issued  Duel Disk  on his left hand. After graduating, he keeps his Obelisk Blue uniform and adds a black fingerless glove on his right hand. Also, the button on the shirt becomes star-shaped.
 Zane's second outfit consists of a black overcoat with white trimmings and sharp edges. The letter "R" is centered on his belt buckle, drawn from the first letter of his name in the Japanese version. (This feature has been occasionally removed from the dub). Zane's facial expressions also elicit more angered and/or sadistic nuances than those of his previous design.
 
 Personality 
 Zane's personality is markedly different during each of the seasons. In the first season and the start of the second season, Zane is calm and collected, with a deep respect for his opponents and his own cards. He feels that the connection between a  Duelist  and his opponent, as well as the Duelist himself and his Deck, makes victory meaningful. His dubbed personality is harsher and has a sharper tongue than his Japanese counterpart.
 In the second season, following his Duel in the underground against  Mad Dog , his personality is much harsher, crueler, and sadistic; as he enjoys watching his opponents suffer. In the dub, he even rants about how the world is made of hurt, and that Dueling is all about dealing with pain and inflicting pain on those who are weak.
 By the time of the third season, Zane's personality appears to take on a mix of both his former attitudes. While he still Duels much more aggressively and with more passion than in the first season, Zane also appears capable of respecting his opponents again, and doesn't act so dark and needlessly cruel. His Deck changes as well; while he still uses the " Cyberdark " series, he uses his normal " Cyber Dragons " again, even bringing out " Cyber End Dragon " more often than " Cyberdark Dragon " and utilizing the former where the latter has failed.
 It was originally believed to be the electrodes that were the cause of Zane's heart problems but it was later revealed the cause of his heart problems was the use of his "Cyberdark" Deck; the cards' desire to win at all costs were what inflicted the damage to his heart (in the original, Judai also mentions a wide variety of reasons why the cards might do so).
 Following his revival in the fourth season, Zane has become quiet and reserved, losing most of the negative aspects of his personality that he developed in the second season. Though of the opinion that he had his best final Duel against  Yubel , his Deck wants to keep fighting regardless of Zane himself. Despite this, Zane still attempts to Duel  Makoto Inotsume . He later decides to start Dueling again with a new, evolving Deck, and demonstrates pride in  his brother , believing him to have surpassed him.
 
 Etymology 
 His Japanese given name means "Excellent". His Japanese last name means "Perfect Wisteria", with 丸(maru) meaning round, circle or perfection and 藤(fuji) meaning "Wisteria". His English given name means "God is gracious".
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Zane Truesdale is the strong older brother of  Syrus  who stays in the  Obelisk Blue  dormitory. Zane is highly respected and a Duel with him is reserved only for the elite. He is also good friends with Alexis and her brother,  Atticus . In the original version of the series, he is nicknamed " Kaiser  Ryo " (カイザー亮  Kaizā Ryō ).
 When Syrus was younger he almost used the card " Power Bond " without thinking during a Duel. He was stopped by Zane who revealed that if he used it he would have lost the Duel at the end of his turn because of the card's drawback. Paying off Syrus's opponent to end the Duel, Zane sealed the card, stating that his brother could only use it when he was truly ready.
 
 Seven Stars 
 Zane first appears with  Alexis Rhodes  watching Jaden Duel and ultimately beat  Vellian Crowler . Zane walks away after the duel worried Jaden may be better than him. Alexis later goes to Zane after she got free from  Titan . Zane tells her he believes his brother doesn't Belong at  Duel Academy .  Syrus , believing himself to be a disgrace to his older brother, did not unseal Power Bond after  Jaden  faced off against Zane due to him getting mad at Zane's disloyalty to Syrus. Though Jaden put up a good fight, Zane defeated him, but was impressed with Jaden's skills. After watching Jaden and Syrus beat the  Paradox Brothers , Zane gains respect for his brother as a duelist. Zane later met  Blair Flannigan  who had a huge crush on him. After Blair loses to Jaden, Zane told her she cant stay because she is in second grade. Zane would later suggest that Jaden be the representative in the Duel against  North Academy  after  Chancellor Sheppard  expressed a desire to choose a first year student. Jaden became the representative by beating  Bastion Misawa  in a duel. As the best Duelist in the Academy, Zane was chosen as one of the Key Keepers of the Spirit Keys. Zane was selected by  Camula , the second member of the  Shadow Riders , as a victim of her Shadow Duel. Although he overpowered her easily the vampire forced him into an intentional loss by offering his brother's soul as payment for her " Ilusion Gate " card. As a result, he was turned into a doll for a short period of time before Jaden managed to defeat Camula, returning Zane to normal.
 With the Shadow Riders defeated, Zane faces Jaden in a rematch, choosing him as his opponent for his ceremonial graduation Duel. The Duel ends in a  DRAW  since they use a  variety  of  cards  to raise their monsters'  ATKs  to  astronomical levels  but ended up taking damage equal to both monsters' ATK due to " Final Fusion ". Zane wishes Jaden luck next year and goes on to compete in the Duelist Pro Leagues after his graduation.
 
 Society of Light 
       Zane's defeat against Aster.     
 A fan favorite in the  Pro League  winning many duels, he suffers his first true loss at the hands of  Aster Phoenix , who tells him that his defeat is "predetermined by destiny". The Duel that the two engage in marks the first time Zane takes  damage  from " Power Bond ". The battle takes its toll; from then on, Zane finds himself trapped in a perpetual losing streak, due to depression of his loss to Aster. He is approached by  Mr. Shroud , a promoter who offers him the chance to redeem himself, and although reluctant at first, Zane ultimately accepts.
 
       Linework.     
 Zane is pitted against  Mad Dog  in an "Underground Duel", a competition in front of a shady audience wherein both contestants are sealed inside a cage and forced to wear  electrodes  that shock them each time life points are depleted. Zane finds himself on the losing end again but realizes that his former philosophy of respecting the opponent above the desire to win has limits towards the end of the game. Frustrated and desperate, he resorts to cruelty and aggression and Summons the " Chimeratech Overdragon ", which wins the Duel and practically destroys the Dueling ring in the process. As the smoke clears, Shroud is amazed (he calls Ryo a "monster" in the Japanese version). The next time Zane is seen, he proves his strength to the Dueling world once more. He is now addressed as "Hell Kaiser Ryo" (ヘルカイザー亮,  Heru Kaizā Ryō ) in the Japanese version; he has donned a dark outfit, and a personality to match. In the English Yu-Gi-Oh! video games, this version of Zane is referred to as "Dark Zane" to differentiate him from his former persona, as both versions are possible opponents.
 Zane returns to the  Pro League  and goes on a new winning streak and many of his opponents are left seriously injured at the hands of his monsters' direct attacks. Zane fires his promoter, Mr. Shroud and travels into the mountains to confront  Chancellor Sheppard  in the  dojo  where he was brought up Dueling, hoping to acquire the forbidden Underworld Deck, known in Japan as  Cyber Art  Reverse (サイバー流裏,  Saibā Ryū Ura ) Deck that existed opposite of his own " Cyber Dragon " Deck. Although Sheppard manages to keep Zane at bay with his " Cyber Ogre " and various methods of manipulating his opponent's monsters, he is defeated by his own " Cyber Ogre 2 " when Zane betrays his " Cyber End Dragon ". Zane takes his prize but Sheppard believes that he will regain the respect he once held for his opponents during the  Genex Tournament  so gives him a  Genex Medallion  that allows him to participate. Although Zane has no interest in tournaments he accepts the invitation believing that it's a good chance to try out his new deck that he had won. 
 
         Zane in his new attire     
 Upon returning to Duel Academy to oversee the Genex Tournament, Chancellor Sheppard tells Zane's old friend  Atticus Rhodes  that Zane is no longer himself and has been controlled by darkness. Atticus confronts Zane in a Duel but Zane's new Underworld Deck overwhelms Atticus, eventually forcing him to give into the darkness and use his  Nightshroud   persona . Atticus believes that he will set the darkness free from Zane by defeating him but Zane wins and reveals that he still has complete control over himself and is not being controlled or influenced by darkness like many characters think. He simply changed his personality because he felt like being cruel and ruthless was the only way he could begin winning his Duels again.
 
         Zane in his  Duel  with  Syrus .     
 Zane approaches  Aster Phoenix  for a second Duel.  Syrus , however, intervenes and demands to be his opponent instead. Similar to his Duel with Mad Dog, both players wear electrodes and are subject to the intense physical punishment of the "Hell Duel." It becomes clear that, in his current mindset, Zane spares no one; he is cold, merciless, and sadistic, regardless of whom his opponents are and enjoys witnessing others suffer, even if it is his younger brother he is torturing. Despite Syrus' impressive plays, Zane defeats him when he defuses " Cyberdark Dragon " back to its three original fusion components. He then makes his exit, saying that if there is anything he respects at all anymore it is only victory itself. He appears again beating an  Obelisk Blue  student and then has a brief run-in with the disguised  Blair Flannigan , giving her his Genex Medallion as he is no longer interested in participating and leaves Duel Academy Island. Every single character that met him on the island is shocked by his change, including Aster. Up to this point Jaden was also revealed to have thought that Zane had just "tried on a new look".
 
 Dimension World 
 He is not seen again until midway through the third year when he returns to Duel  Jesse Anderson  to supply the energy necessary for the awakening of " Rainbow Dragon ". Later, after hearing about  Yubel , he designates it as his final opponent. Soon after, along with  Aster Phoenix , he sees Jaden and company off on their journey to rescue Jesse in the different dimension, but is dragged through the portal himself alongside Aster. By this time, it is believed that prolonged usage of  electrodes  (later revealed to actually be his Underworld Deck) has left him with fatal heart conditions. In the dub he says that his heart is weak from the electrodes but he never says that his heart condition is fatal (although it is heavily implied).
 While in the  alternate dimension , along with Aster, he saves Sryus and  Ojama Yellow  from  Doom Dozer . He also battles the Kings minions with Aster to allow  Jim Crocodile Cook  and  Axel Brodie  to free Jaden from the Kings influence. After this task, he decides to restore a traumatized Jaden back to his old self but is unsuccessful as he didn't understand the extent of the trauma that being possessed had done to Jaden's psyche. He decides to Duel a Yubel-possessed Jesse in order to fulfill his dying wish of being immortalized but is defeated and dies from his heart conditions. However, he manages to grant his wish by making his " Cyber End Dragon " an eternal symbol of his skill and strength. Zane's performance in the Duel and last words along with the wisdom of the others allows Jaden to put his problems aside so that he may face Yubel.
 
 Darkness 
 Under unexplained circumstances, Zane washes up unconscious on the beach of  Duel Academy , with no explanation given to how he survived his heart failing. With his heart still in poor shape, he is put under the care of  his brother  to recover. It is revealed that his heart condition was caused not by the  electrodes  but by his " Cyberdark " Deck. Zane also appears to have a gentler personality than before as he shows care and appreciation for those around him once again. He later Duels  Makoto Inotsume , a practitioner of the  Jinzo Art , who has made it his goal to destroy all those who practice the  Cyber Art . The Duel takes its toll on Zane, as he becomes so weak that he cannot even reach to his own Deck to surrender. Syrus attempts to do it for him, then announces that his brother will not surrender but will merely pull out of the Duel. Syrus then takes Zane's  Duel Disk  to finish the Duel himself, but comes to regret his decision as he starts to suffer the same heart problems as Zane, which the Deck attempts to inflict damage more quickly on Syrus after realizing that Zane will no longer use it. Syrus overcomes this by "making the Deck his own" by combining it with aspects of his own " Vehicroid " Deck. After the Duel with Inotsume, with Syrus emerging as the victor, Zane allows his brother to keep the Deck, saying he will start over with a new one.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In the English version of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's ,  Blister  mentions 
 Aster Phoenix  and Truesdale as one of the Duelists he wanted to Duel in the  Pro League . Whether this was meant to imply  Syrus , Zane or both of them is unsure. [6] 
 In the German version, Blister mentions Zane by name.
 
 Relationships 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 This References need better formatting.  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 Zane is Syrus' older brother. Both of them share a fondness for  Machine  monsters. When Zane and Syrus were kids, having already owned two more copies in his deck, Zane gave Syrus a copy of one of his favorite cards,  Power Bond . Syrus was later confronted by a  school bully  in a Duel, and sezied the opportunity to use Power Bond, but the Duel was interfered by Zane who bribed Syrus' opponent with a rare card, convincing him to pretend the Duel never happened and walk away. Zane told Syrus that he'd never be able to use Power Bond until he's truly a Duellist (in the dub, he said he would have never given Syrus the card, had he known he would misplay it). He then shows Syrus the face-down his opponent had on the field,  Spellbinding Circle , which would have prevented Syrus from attacking with his  fusion monster  and caused him to lose on account of Power Bond's final effect. Zane also told Syrus that he may know how to use Power Bond, but there's more to Duelling than simply that. [7]  Zane was always the more superior sibling to Syrus; he had the looks (though their mom always said Syrus had the looks), [8] [9]  confidence, star athletic skills and always got successful grades, [10]  thus, earning him a place at Duel Academy in  Obelisk Blue .
 Three years later since Zane joined, Syrus was enrolled at Duel Academy as a  Slifer Red , due to his low score in the entrance exam. Zane didn't consider his brother worthy or deserving of a place at the academy, [7] [11]  until witnessing him defeat the  Paradox Brothers , alongside  Jaden  in a  Tag Team Duel  with  UFOroid Fighter  created using Power Bond, [12]  proving that Syrus had learned how to play Power Bond rather than just use it (a lesson Syrus learnt watching Zane Duel Jaden). [11]  From that day onwards, Zane realizes that his brother is worthy and deserving of his place at the academy. [9] 
 When Duelling  Camula  - the second of the  Shadow Riders  - Zane was put in a tough position, when she used  Illusion Gate  to gain control of his best and favourite monster  Cyber End Dragon  and in the process offering Syrus' soul as the sacrifice which would be offered to the  Sacred Beasts  should she lose the Duel. Zane was well prepared to counter and win the Duel, but knew if he followed through with it Syrus' soul would be lost; he reluctantly stood down, allowing Camula to defeat him and take his soul instead. [9]  Zane's soul would later be saved and restored, alongside  Crowler 's (previously lost), following Jaden's victory over Camula. [13] 
 A year later, following his graduation from Duel Academy and advancing to the  Pro League , Zane becomes a more ruthless duelist - after enduring an Underground Duel - and no longer values or respects his opponents, only victory itself. He returns to the academy in wake of the  Genex Tournament  to try out his newly acquired  Cyberdark  deck. Syrus confronts Zane for a Duel to show him the meaning of respect, that Zane himself taught Syrus. Zane accepts on the condition that they both wear  Shock-Amplifying Devices  which will provide them both with an electric shock for every Life Point lost throughout the Duel. Zane defeats his brother, who results into injury and is almost knocked unconscious at the hands of the several electric shocks. Zane just carelessly walks away, proving he truly has lost respect for everything over victory, even his own brother. [14] 
 The two brothers are reunited the following year in  Yubel 's  alternate dimension , where Zane saves his brother from  Doom Dozer  by calling on Cyber End Dragon. Zane learns from  Ojama Yellow  that Jaden himself has become more ruthless due his obsession and determination with finding  Jesse . Zane tells Syrus he has to stand up to Jaden, like how Syrus stood up to Zane in  their Duel . Zane leaves Syrus on his own, thanking him for the concern he had shown towards and for trying to save him for himself (in the dub, he tells Syrus that he can deal with Jaden on his own and that he doesn't need his help). [15] 
 Syrus later learns that Zane is suffering from a fatal heart conditions, believed to be on account of the electric shocks he endured from the Shock-Amplifying Devices, during Underground Duels. [16]  Zane's heart almost completely gives out after losing his Duel to  Jesse  (possessed by Yubel). But before being sent to the stars, Zane tells Syrus and Jaden to watch out for each other and stay out of trouble. As he emotionally fades away, he tells Syrus that he is and always will be proud of him. [17] 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 When Zane first saw Jaden, he didn't think much of him. But became surprised when Jaden beat  Crowler . He then got worried Jaden may outrank him. The two meet face to face when Syrus gets low self esteem.
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Atticus Rhodes 
 They were close friends, having attended Duel Academy together.
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Manga 
 Main article:  Zane Truesdale (manga) 
         The article on Zane's exploits in America, where he appears alongside " Cyber End Dragon ".     
 In the  manga , Zane's role in similar to the role he plays in the first season of the anime.
 
 Decks 
 Cyber Art 
 Zane uses a  Cyber Art  Deck , though the term is not used in the dub. Zane relies on " Cyber Dragon " and its  Fusion Monster  forms " Cyber Twin Dragon " and " Cyber End Dragon ", Summoning them with " Power Bond " to raise their  ATK . Zane otherwise uses various Fusion cards to speed up the Summoning of "Cyber End Dragon" such as " Time Fusion " and " Future Fusion ", and protects himself from the damage inflicted by "Power Bond" with " Cyber Kirin ", " De-Fusion " and " Damage Polarizer ".
 
 
 Cyber Art Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Soldier of Darkworld [Notes 1] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Barrier Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Kirin 
 Cyber Laser Dragon 
 Cyber Phoenix 
 Kaiser Glider [Notes 1] 
 Perfect Machine King [Notes 1] 
 Proto-Cyber Dragon 
 Union monsters 
 Heavy Mech Support Platform  x2 [Notes 1] 
 Metallizing Parasite - Lunatite  x3 [Notes 1] [Notes 2] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Cyber End Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Twin Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battle Fusion 
 Card from a Different Dimension 
 Creature Swap [Notes 3] 
 Cybernetic Fusion Support 
 De-Fusion  x2 
 Different Dimension Capsule 
 Future Fusion 
 Limiter Removal 
 Machine Duplication  x2 [Notes 2] 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Overload Fusion 
 Photon Generator Unit 
 Polymerization  x2 [Notes 4] 
 Pot of Greed 
 Power Bond  x2 
 Ruthless Denial 
 Time Fusion 
 Trap Booster 
 Traps 
 Attack Reflector Unit 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Damage Polarizer 
 Final Fusion  x3 [Notes 2] 
 Lost Pride 
 Rare Metalmorph  x2 [Notes 2] 
 Return Soul 
 Trap Jammer 
 Underworld 
 In the  Society of Light  arc, Zane acquires an  Underworld Deck  ( Cyber-Art Reverse  (サイバー流裏,  Saibā Ryū Ura  in the Japanese version), consisting of darkened counterparts to his " Cyber Dragons ". This Deck focuses on " Cyberdark Edge ", " Cyberdark Keel " and " Cyberdark Horn ", and their fused form " Cyberdark Dragon ". Zane powers up his " Cyberdark "  monsters  by  sending   Dragon - Type  monsters to his  Graveyard , and sends nearly his entire Deck with " Power Wall " to strengthen "Cyberdark Dragon" further. His previous "Cyber Dragon" cards play a minimal role in this Deck until he begins using them again in the  Dimension World  arc.
 
 
 Underworld Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Barrier Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 
 Cyber Laser Dragon 
 Cyber Ouroboros 
 Cyber Phoenix 
 Cyber Valley 
 Cyberdark Edge 
 Cyberdark Horn 
 Cyberdark Keel 
 Exploder Dragon 
 Infernal Dragon 
 Proto-Cyber Dragon 
 Union monsters 
 Armored Cybern Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Overdragon  x2 [Notes 5] 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon 
 Cyberdark Dragon  (later played  with a different effect ) 
 Five-Headed Dragon [Notes 6] 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon [Notes 6] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card from a Different Dimension [Notes 7] 
 Cybernetic Fusion Support 
 Cybernetic Zone 
 De-Fusion 
 Different Dimension Capsule [Notes 7] 
 Dimension Explosion 
 Future Fusion 
 Graceful Charity 
 Instant Fusion 
 Megamorph 
 Overload Fusion 
 Photon Generator Unit 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Power Bond 
 Power Load 
 Quick Summon 
 Warp Beam 
 Traps 
 Attack Reflector Unit 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Cybernetic Hidden Technology 
 Fusion Guard 
 Power Wall 
 Rebirth Judgment 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Cyber Art Dojo  disciple 
 83 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 North Academy  student 
 20  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale 
 8 
 Win (with  Duel Academy  student; dream)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 8 
 Win
 
 
 Camula 
 32 
 Lose
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 51 - 52 
 DRAW 
 
 
 10  Pro League  Duelists 
 57  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 57 
 Lose
 
 
 Various Pro and Minor League Duelists 
 65  (mentioned) 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 
 Minor League Duelist 
 65 
 Lose
 
 
 Mad Dog 
 65 
 Win
 
 
 Minor League Duelist 
 65 
 Win
 
 
 9 Pro League Duelists 
 83 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Pro League Duelist 
 83 
 Win
 
 
 Chancellor Sheppard 
 83 
 Win
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes / Nightshroud 
 89 
 Win
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 95 
 Win
 
 
 Obelisk Blue  student 
 102 
 Win
 
 
 Jesse Anderson 
 128 
 No result
 
 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 141 
 Win
 
 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 142 - 143 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 146 
 No result
 
 
 Jesse Anderson / Yubel 
 147 - 148 
 Lose
 
 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 163 
 No result
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 65: " No Pain, No Game " 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Les Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-GX/Details/Les-personnages/Zane . Retrieved October 15, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters height guide" . September 13, 2013 .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/d6e91c9ed9a16df5a0e0123cd69ca2ef/tumblr_mt1zczv2GB1sitde3o1_1280.png . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 12: " The Take Back, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 007: " Duel and Unusual Punishment " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 020: " The Maiden In Love " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   9.2   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 032: " Field of Screams, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 056: " Sad But Truesdale "  
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 008: " For the Sake of Syrus " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh GX episode 011: " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 ". 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episode 033: " Field of Screams, Part 3 "  
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episode 095: " Tough Love " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episode 137: " The State of Syrus " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episode 146: " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episode 148: " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   This card can be seen when he searches his  Deck  before Summoning " Chimeratech Overdragon " in  episode 65 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   This card can be seen when his  Deck  scrolls by after  activating  " Future Fusion " in  episode 51 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  sent  from his  hand  to the  Graveyard  to activate " Lost Pride " in  episode 83 . 
 
 ↑   In  episode 65 , one copy is  discarded  via the effect of  Mad Dog 's " Card Destruction ", while another is shown he searches his  Deck  to Summon " Chimeratech Overdragon ". 
 
 ↑   Two copies of this card can be seen after the  activation  of " Power Wall " in  episode 89 . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   This card can be seen in his  Fusion Deck  after the  activation  of " Fusion Guard " in  episode 95 . 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   This card is  sent  from the top of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  via the  effect  of " Power Wall " in  episode 163 . 
 
 
 Triva 
 He is the only main Duelist that Jaden hasn't won against. 
 v e 
 Zane Truesdale  (Ryo Marufuji) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online  (Dark Zane) 
 Spirit Caller 
 Spirit Caller  (Dark Zane) 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/ZaneTruesdale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160907172703', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Ryo_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070612230558', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Aster_defeats_Zane.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140219114107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Hellkaiser_Linework.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070610232951', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Hell_Kaiser_Ryo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090526033957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Hell_Kaiser_GX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090630115509', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/CyberEndDragon-EN-Manga-GX-NC.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20110418002258']
Categories: Characters, Articles needing cleanup, Zane Truesdale pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters