Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Lunalight

"Moonlight" redirects here. For item of clothing in the  World Championship  video games, see  Moonlight (outfit) .   
 
 
 Lunalight 
 月光 「 ムーンライト 」  ( Mūnraito ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " and " Lunalight White Rabbit " in the artwork of " Lunalight Reincarnation Dance ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Moonlight 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Clair de Lune Translation:  Moonlight 
 
 
 German 
 Lunalicht 
 
 
 Italian 
 Lucelunare Translation:  Lightlunar 
 
 
 Korean 
 문라이트   Mullaiteu   (romanized) Translation:  Moonlight 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Luzlunar Translation:  Lightlunar 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Lunaluz 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Shining Victories The Dark Illusion 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Circuit Break 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Legendary Duelists: Sisters of the Rose Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 V Jump March 2016 promotional card Dimension Box Limited Edition Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 4 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Lunalight ", known as " Moonlight " ( 月光   Mūnraito ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  female   Beast-Warrior   monsters  debuting in " Shining Victories " that are used by  Celina  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Weakness 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Official Decks 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
       Celina  with " Lunalight Blue Cat " and " Lunalight Cat Dancer " in the  anime .     
 The  Main Deck  members are named with the pattern " Lunalight {Color} {Animal} " (except for the  Pendulum Monsters , which do not have a color in the name). They are visually represented as gymsuit-wearing young girls with animal features, and have a color scheme based on the namesake color. They also wear various crescent moon-shaped accessories, usually over the left eye and/or the chest. Their overall design is reminiscence of the " Cyber Girl " series, albeit Lunalight monsters' skin and tights are colored less ambiguously.
 The  Fusion Monsters  instead are called " Lunalight {Animal} Dancer ", with the stronger monster being an animal of higher power. They appear as mature-looking women (with animal features as well) wearing long and flowing dresses, and wielding cutting and thrusting weapons.
 
 
 Playing style 
 A Lunalight Deck focuses on Fusion Summons and battling opponent's monsters to achieve an  OTK . The archetype also has many multiple attack effects to rack up damage and some can protect opposing monsters from destruction by battle, allowing them to attack the same monster multiple times.
 The original Lunalight  Fusion Monsters  are based around a ladder strategy, by using each Fusion Monster as Material for the next one, until " Lunalight Leo Dancer " can be Summoned who has the effect to destroy all opposing Special Summoned monsters and can attack twice, usually inflicting at least 3500 direct damage on its own.
 However, these ladder tactics are too slow for modern tastes and so many shortcuts are used in practice to jump straight to Leo Dancer. One of the most significant is built into the archetype itself-" Lunalight Kaleido Chick ", which can send any "Lunalight" monster from the Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard to change its name to the name of the sent monster. It can also recover " Polymerization " when used as Fusion Material, and if banished can stop your opponent's cards and effects being used in the Battle Phase that turn. These traits make searching and Summoning Kaleido Chick one of the most important tasks in a Lunalight Deck. Other, lesser used, shortcuts include " Fusion Tag ", " Cattle Call " and " King of the Swamp ".
 With the release of  Legendary Duelists: Sisters of the Rose , Lunalights get a massive consistency and power boost. " Foolish Burial Goods " becomes even more integral to the archetype with the release of " Lunalight Serenade Dance " to go with the pre-existing " Luna Light Perfume ". Both can be banished from the GY by discarding a card to search/Special Summon from the Deck any Lunalight. The archetype also gets " Lunalight Fusion " to reduce its reliance on Kaleido Chick, as it can use 1 monster from your Main or Extra Deck as Fusion Material if your opponent controls a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. They also get two new support monsters in " Lunalight Emerald Bird ", who can filter your hand and revive Lunalights when sent to the Graveyard by card effect, and " Lunalight Yellow Marten ", who can search the Lunalight Spells/Traps when sent to the Graveyard by a card effect. Finally, they also have " Lunalight Sabre Dancer " to reduce their reliance on the ladder strategy, who can increase its ATK by 200 for every Beast-Warrior type monster that is banished and in the GYs, making a good endgame sweeper. It can also banish itself from the GY to give one of your Fusion Monsters 3000 ATK until the end of the turn.
 
 Weakness 
 This deck, like all Special Summon-based Deck, is vulnerable to cards that prevents Special Summon, such as " Vanity's Emptiness ". 
 Most of them are DARK Attribute, making them vulnerable to " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror ". 
 Cards like " Macro Cosmos " or " Dimensional Fissure " can roadblock this Archetype hard. 
 " Non-Fusion Area " can stop them from Fusion Summon, if you activated in perfect timing. 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Black Sheep 
 Lunalight Blue Cat 
 Lunalight Crimson Fox 
 Lunalight Emerald Bird 
 Lunalight Kaleido Chick 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly 
 Lunalight White Rabbit 
 Lunalight Yellow Marten 
 Aleister the Invoker 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Dark Grepher 
 Predaplant Chlamydosundew 
 Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra 
 Predaplant Ophrys Scorpio 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Lunalight Tiger 
 Lunalight Wolf 
 Performapal Trump Witch Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer 
 Lunalight Leo Dancer 
 Lunalight Panther Dancer 
 Lunalight Sabre Dancer 
 Invoked Caliga 
 Invoked Mechaba 
 Predaplant Chimerafflesia 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Tiger King 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Bujintei Kagutsuchi 
 Link Monsters 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Fire Fighting Daruma Doll 
 Underclock Taker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Lunalight Fusion 
 Luna Light Perfume 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Cattle Call 
 Fire Formation - Tenki 
 Foolish Burial 
 Foolish Burial Goods 
 Fusion Gate 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Fusion Recycling Plant 
 Fusion Substitute 
 Fusion Tag 
 Super Polymerization 
 Ultra Polymerization 
 Wild Nature's Release 
 Traps 
 Lunalight Reincarnation Dance 
 Lunalight Serenade Dance 
 Back to the Front 
 Nightmare Archfiends 
 Official Decks 
 
 Official  Lunalight  Deck [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Black Sheep  x3 
 Lunalight Blue Cat  x3 
 Lunalight Crimson Fox  x2 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly  x2 
 Lunalight White Rabbit  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Lunalight Tiger  x3 
 Lunalight Wolf  x3 
 Performapal Trump Witch Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer  x3 
 Lunalight Leo Dancer  x2 
 Lunalight Panther Dancer  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dreamland  x2 
 Fire Formation - Tenki  x3 
 Fusion Tag 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Terraforming 
 Traps 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device  x2 
 Lunalight Reincarnation Dance  x2 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Solemn Warning 
 Trivia 
 All members of this archetype are  DARK  monsters, except for the  LIGHT  " Lunalight Tiger " and " Lunalight Wolf ". 
 References 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization 
 
 
   
" Lunalight " 「 月光 」 Members 
 Lunalight Black Sheep Lunalight Blue Cat Lunalight Cat Dancer Lunalight Crimson Fox Lunalight Emerald Bird Lunalight Kaleido Chick Lunalight Leo Dancer Lunalight Panther Dancer Lunalight Purple Butterfly Lunalight Sabre Dancer Lunalight Tiger Lunalight White Rabbit Lunalight Wolf Lunalight Yellow Marten 
 Lunalight Fusion Lunalight Reincarnation Dance Lunalight Serenade Dance 
 Support 
 Lunalight Black Sheep Lunalight Blue Cat Lunalight Cat Dancer Lunalight Crimson Fox Lunalight Emerald Bird Lunalight Kaleido Chick Lunalight Leo Dancer Lunalight Panther Dancer Lunalight Purple Butterfly Lunalight Sabre Dancer Lunalight Tiger Lunalight White Rabbit Lunalight Wolf Lunalight Yellow Marten 
 Luna Light Perfume Lunalight Fusion Lunalight Reincarnation Dance Lunalight Serenade Dance 
 Related 
 Polymerization Wonders of Nature 
 
 v e 
" Lunalight " 「 月光 」 a   Members 
 Black Sheep Blue Cat Cat Dancer Dance Leo Dancer Panther Dancer Purple Butterfly Reincarnation Dance Tiger White Rabbit Wolf 
 Support 
 Blue Cat Cat Dancer Dance Leo Dancer Panther Dancer Perfume Reincarnation Dance Tiger Wolf Lunar Eclipse 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/LunalightArchetype.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160219013145', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/Lunalight.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150301221321']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)