Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yusei_Fudo_(Duel_Links)


 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 不動遊星 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Yusei Fudo Deck Stars Aligned Wishes Aligned Path of Light Stardust Sanctuary 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Greg Abbey 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuya Miyashita 
 
 
 
 Yusei Fudo  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yusei Fudo , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for Summoning  Wind - Attribute  monsters 10 times after the player reaches Stage 10 in Duel World (DM). Unlocking Yusei also unlocks Duel World (5Ds).
 Blue  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Yusei Fudo at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 
 3.3.1   Partner Deck 
 
 
 3.4   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 3.4.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 7.1.2   Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 7.1.3   Jack Atlas 
 7.1.4   Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna 
 7.1.5   Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 7.1.6   Tetsu Trudge 
 7.1.7   Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 7.1.8   Kalin Kessler 
 7.1.9   Antinomy 
 7.1.10   Primo, Aporia, Paradox 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Though calm and collected, no one can deny that a burning fire rages in Yusei's heart. Through his bond of friendship and his destiny as a Signer, Yusei has saved the world countless times. His Junk Deck focuses on low Level monsters, but he extracts their full potential thru Synchro Summoning. His go-to monster is the Signer Dragon " Stardust Dragon ".
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Tag Duel icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Yusei Fudo Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Soldier of Darkworld  x3 
 Hard Armor  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Machine Attacker 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Mountain Warrior  x3 
 Science Soldier  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 
 Synchro Accelerated Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Shield Warrior 
 Fortress Warrior 
 Junk Blader  x2 
 Junk Breaker  x2 
 Junk Servant 
 Junk Forward 
 Speed Warrior  x2 
 Card Breaker 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Anchor 
 Tune Warrior Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Berserker 
 Junk Warrior 
 Gravity Warrior Spells  (2) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Fighting Spirit 
 Junk Barrage 
 Traps 
 Graceful Revival 
 Limiter Overload  x2 
 Shapesister 
 Synchro Strike 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Stars Aligned Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Mountain Warrior  x3 
 Unicycular  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Bicular 
 Sonic Chick  x3 
 Sonic Warrior  x3 
 Tricular 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps  (2) 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Wishes Aligned Monsters  (18) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Boost Warrior  x3 
 Dash Warrior  x3 
 Junkuriboh  x2 
 Junk Servant  x3 
 Salvage Warrior 
 Sonic Chick  x2 
 Speed Warrior  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Changer Synchron  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fighting Spirit 
 Release Restraint Wave 
 Level 30 
 
 Path of Light Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Level Warrior  x2 
 Max Warrior  x2 
 Rockstone Warrior  x2 
 Speed Warrior  x2 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Synchron  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (1) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Junk Barrage 
 Traps 
 Defense Draw 
 Miracle's Wake 
 Scrap-Iron Statue 
 Skill Successor 
 Wild Tornado 
 
 
 Level 40 
 
 Stardust Sanctuary Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Feedback Warrior  x2 
 Junk Blader  x2 
 Junk Forward  x2 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Jet Synchron  x2 
 Junk Synchron  x3 
 Quickdraw Synchron  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Archer 
 Junk Berserker 
 Junk Warrior 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Tuning  x3 
 Traps 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 Partner Deck 
 Skill: "Stardust Advent" (If your team has less than equal to 2000 Life Points, play 1 " Stardust Dragon " at your partner, Yusei Fudo's turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.)
 
 
 Pure Creator Deck Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Junk Forward  x3 
 Junk Servant  x2 
 Speed Warrior  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Anchor  x2 
 Junk Synchron  x3 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Gravity Warrior 
 Junk Berserker 
 Junk Destroyer 
 Junk Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Parallel Twister  x2 
 Synchro Boost  x2 
 Traps 
 Defense Draw 
 Limiter Overload  x2 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Special Cup 
 Partner 
 Skill: "Majestic Star Advent"
 
 
 Stardust Harmony Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog  x3 
 Junk Forward  x3 
 Synchron Explorer  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Synchron  x3 
 Quickdraw Synchron  x3 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Junk Archer 
 Junk Destroyer 
 Junk Warrior 
 Stardust Assault Warrior 
 Stardust Charge Warrior Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Tuning  x3 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow  x2 
 Opponent 
 
 Accel Fusion Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doppelwarrior  x2 
 Fortress Warrior 
 Gauntlet Warrior 
 Junk Breaker 
 Level Warrior 
 Max Warrior 
 Rockstone Warrior 
 Trident Warrior 
 Tuner monsters 
 Jet Synchron 
 Junk Changer 
 Junk Synchron  x2 
 Quickdraw Synchron Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Jet Warrior 
 Junk Destroyer 
 Junk Warrior 
 Lightning Warrior 
 Scarred Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Double Cyclone 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Desperate Tag  x2 
 Remote Revenge 
 Skill Successor 
 
 Shooting Star Blader Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Boost Warrior 
 Bright Star Dragon  x3 
 Junk Converter  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Debris Dragon  x3 
 Junk Synchron  x2 
 Mecha Phantom Beast O-Lion  x2 
 Unknown Synchron Extra Deck  (7) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Coral Dragon 
 Formula Synchron 
 Junk Berserker 
 Junk Warrior 
 Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth 
 Shooting Star Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Cards of Consonance 
 Release Restraint Wave 
 Synchro Chase 
 Tuning 
 Traps 
 Power Frame 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yusei Fudo reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Changer Synchron "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yusei Fudo)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Sonic Warrior "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yusei Fudo)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Changer Synchron "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Max Warrior "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Fusion Time! ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Sonic Warrior "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Max Warrior "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Changer Synchron "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 ATK Booster: Synchro Warriors ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Max Warrior "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Shield Warrior "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Sonic Warrior "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yusei Fudo)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Unknown Synchron "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Miracle's Wake "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Unknown Synchron "
 
 
 36
 
 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Miracle's Wake "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Unknown Synchron "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yusei Fudo, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Junk Berserker "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Shield Warrior "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dash Warrior "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fortress Warrior "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Junkuriboh "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Tricular "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Bicular "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rockstone Warrior "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Unicycular "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fighting Spirit "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Head
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Junk Synchron " to your deck. In addition, add 1 " Stardust Dragon ", 1 " Shooting Star Dragon ", and 1 " Formula Synchron " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of you turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 ATK Booster: Synchro Warriors
 
 Until the end of the turn, "Warrior" Synchro monsters on your side of the field will gain 100 ATK times their Level. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 ATK Booster: Level 2
 
 Increase the ATK of all Level 2 or lower monsters on your side of the field by 200.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Angel Baton
 
 Can only be used on your 4th turn. Instead of conducting your normal draw, draw 2 cards and send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Shooting Star Road
 
 Begin the Duel with 1 "Junk Converter" in your Graveyard. In addition, the following effect can be used once if you have "Stardust Dragon" on your side of the field. Play 1 "Formula Synchron" from outside of your Deck. If you play a monster with this Skill, only WIND Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters can be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck until the end of your opponent's turn. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 8 or more cards that are "Junk" monsters or "Synchron" Tuner monsters and an Extra Deck with 4 or more cards that are "Junk", "Synchron", or "Stardust" monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Tuning
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Instead of conducting your normal draw, draw 1 "Synchron" Tuner Monster of your choice from your Deck. Then, send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard. If you began the Duel with 3 or more "Junk" Effect Monsters in your Deck, add "Speed Warrior" from outside of your Deck to your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Majestic Guardian
 
 Activates when you Synchro Summon "Majestic Star Dragon" or "Majestic Red Dragon". The Summoned monster will not return to your Extra Deck by its effect until the beginning of your next turn.
 
 Event
 
 
 Majestic Light
 
 Can be used by returning 1 Tuner monster in your hand to your Deck. Play "Majestic Dragon" from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Event
 
 
 Tunermorph: Normal
 
 Reveal 1 Tuner monster in your hand and select a Normal Monster on your side of the field. The selected monster is treated as a Tuner monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Destiny Draw: Monster Reborn
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Your normal draw this turn will be "Monster Reborn", from your Deck. If your opponent controls a monster with 3000 ATK or more, you can use this Skill regardless of your Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monster's Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random WIND monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random Level 4 or lower monster in your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi  or  Yugi Muto , Yusei announces "Yugi, please Duel me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "You believe in your cards just as much as I do. if not more." followed by "Thank you for a great Duel, Yugi!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "And that's why you're still the greatest Duelist to this day!" 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Yusei announces "Jaden, I know you and I will have a fun Duel!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "No matter how difficult the Duel, you faced it with a smile." followed by "I will take that to heart, Jaden!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "So this is Jaden’s Fusion strategy..." followed by "It’s given me some ideas for my own tactics." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When starting a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Yusei announces "Jack... I'll show you that I'm top of my game!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "Jack, you showed me that a fire also burns in my soul." 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "Heh... We never change, do we?" followed by "When we Duel, we always wear our pride on our sleeves." 
 Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna 
 When starting a Duel against  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo  or  Luna , Yusei says "Dueling has always set us on the right path." followed by "So let's settle our differences in a duel."
 When he wins the Duel, he says "No matter the outcome, we still have an unbreakable bond." 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Our eternal bond gives us the courage to journey on our own." 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 When starting a Duel against  Dark Signer Carly Carmine  or  Rex Goodwin , Yusei says "Dark Signer! We Signers will defeat you and save the world!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "The friendship I share will overcome any fate!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "No... It can't end like this... I must believe in hope!" 
 Tetsu Trudge 
 When starting a Duel with  Tetsu Trudge , Yusei announces "Officer Trudge..." followed by "C'mon, let's duel!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "You’ll have to drive faster to arrest me, Trudge." 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "I trust that you and Sector Security will keep us safe." 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Yusei announces "I'll bring you back to the way you were, Kalin!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "Kalin!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "Kalin... This isn't like you!" or "What's wrong with me? This isn't good enough for Kalin..." 
 Kalin Kessler 
 When starting a Duel with  Kalin Kessler , Yusei announces "To convince Kalin that it's all a big misunderstanding...." followed by "I must face him head-on!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "The Kalin I know wouldn't be satisfied with how you played!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "What's wrong with me? This isn't good enough for Kalin..." 
 Antinomy 
 When starting a Duel with  Antinomy , Yusei announces "Bruno... Or should I say Antinomy! I will surpass my limits!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "I will exceed my limitations! This I swear!" or "Bruno... Brunooo!!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "Argh... Am I still afraid?" or "He's so strong... Delta Accel Synchro is too much!" 
 Primo, Aporia, Paradox 
 When starting a Duel with  Primo ,  Aporia , or  Paradox  Yusei announces "Everyone is depending on me to save their future." followed by "And I won't let them down!"
 When he wins the Duel, Yusei says "Everyone has the capability to change their future!" followed by "Why can't you understand that?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Yusei says "I can't give up! Not for me, not for my friends!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Warrior ", he chants  "Even the tiniest scrap has value!"  followed by  "And this monster will prove it!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Junk Warrior!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Junk Warrior" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Junk Warrior" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junk Warrior attack!" followed by "Scrap Fist!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Junk Warrior gains the ATK of my Level 2 or lower monsters!" followed by "The Power of Fellowship!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Shooting Star Dragon ", he chants  "Let's rev it up!"  followed by  "Spread your wings and soar to new heights!"  followed by  "Be transformed by the winds of destiny! Accel Synchro!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Shooting Star Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Shooting Star Dragon" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "Shooting Star Dragon" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shooting Star Dragon attacks!" followed by "Falling Star Slam!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shooting Star Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Dragon ", he chants  "The hopes of the world coalesce into a single star!"  followed by  "Let's rev it up! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears, and he announces "Take flight, Stardust Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Stardust Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Stardust Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Stardust Dragon!" followed by "Cosmic Flare!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Lightning Warrior ", a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears, and he announces "Present yourself! Lightning Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lightning Warrior! Attack!" followed by "Lightning Punisher!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I'm not done! Take Lightning Warrior's effect!" followed by "Lightning Ray!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Majestic Star Dragon ", he chants  "When the stars shine as one, they point towards a miracle!"  followed by  "Let's rev it up! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears, and he announces "Come forth, Majestic Star Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Majestic Star Dragon attacks!" followed by "Sonic Blaster!" 
 When Yusei activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Majestic Star Dragon's effect!" followed by "Sublimation Drain!" 
 When Yusei activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Majestic Star Dragon's effect!" followed by "Stardust Force!" 
 When Yusei activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Majestic Star Dragon's effect!" followed by "By returning it to my Deck, I resurrect Stardust Dragon!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon ", he chants " Fill this world with the tracks of shooting stars!"  followed by  "Accel Synchro!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears and he announces "Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon!" followed by "Shooting Shine Blast!" 
 When Yusei activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Sonic Guard!" 
 When Yusei activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Stardust Chronicle is destroyed, it's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a Dragon-Type Synchro Monster!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Spark Dragon ", he chants  "The single ray of light pierces through the ocean of stars!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei briefly appears and he announces "Stardust Spark Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stardust Spark Dragon attacks!" followed by "Shooting Blast!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Spark Dragon's effect!" followed by "Sonic Barrier!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Ancient Fairy Dragon ", he chants  "The magic that lives in each creature merge and become one!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "The mighty, the majestic... Ancient Fairy Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon attacks!" followed by "Eternal Sunshine!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Fairy Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Plain Back!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Black Rose Dragon ", he chants  "A cold flame envelops the world! Black flower, bloom!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Black Rose Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Rose Dragon attacks!" followed by "Black Rose Flare!" 
 When Yusei activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Black Rose Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Black Rose Glare!" 
 When Yusei activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Black Rose Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Black Binding Bloom!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Black-Winged Dragon ", he chants  "The black whirlwind turns into wings to fly to the sky!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Soar to power, Black-Winged Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black-Winged Dragon, attack!" followed by "Shadow Squall Blast!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black-Winged Dragon's effect!" followed by "Black Orb Blast!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Catapult Warrior ", a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Level 5 Catapult Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Catapult Warrior attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Catapult Warrior's effect! Diving Catapult!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Drill Warrior ", he chants  "Here's a gargantuan that grinds the greatest garrisons!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Drill Warrior's here to pulverize!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Drill Warrior!" followed by "Whirlwind Winder!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Drill Warrior's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Formula Synchron ", he chants " Power and speed surge towards each other! " followed by " And collide to create pure might! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "The Synchro Tuner Monster, Formula Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Formula Synchron!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Formula Synchron's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Gravity Warrior ", he chants  "Arrive from beyond the event horizon!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Gravity Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gravity Warrior attacks!" followed by "Grand Cross!" 
 When Yusei activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gravity Warrior gains ATK from the monsters on your Field!" followed by "Power Gravitation!" 
 When Yusei activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gravity Warrior will force your monster to attack!" followed by "Duel G-Field!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Archer ", he chants  "The spirits merge to form the arrow that pierces the sky!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Ready your bow, Junk Archer!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fire, Junk Archer!" followed by "Scrap Arrow!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Junk Archer's effect!" followed by "Bull's Eye Banishing!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Berserker ", he chants  "The anger rages into an unquenchable fever!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Roar! Junk Berserker"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junk Berserker! Send 'em to the scrap heap!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Junk Berserker's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Destroyer " he chants  "Behold as sharp steel and ironclad alloy forge together!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Junk Destroyer has arrived to annihilate!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junk Destroyer attacks!" followed by "Fists of Ferocity!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Junk Destroyer's effect activates!" followed by "Tidal Sweep!' 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Gardna " he chants " Fragments of steel merge into an impenetrable shield! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come, Junk Gardna!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junk Gardna attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Junk Gardna's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Life Stream Dragon ", he chants " Courage and power lead to a revolution for peace! ". Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Evolve, Life Stream Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Life Stream Dragon attacks! Beautiful Life!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Synchro Summoning Life Stream Dragon, my Life Points become 4000!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Nitro Warrior ", he chants  "Time to break down the barriers you've put in my path!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Burn, Nitro Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Nitro Warrior!" followed by "Dynamite Crunch!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Nitro Warrior's effect activates!" followed by "Dynamite Impact!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Power Tool Dragon ", he chants  "Machine and might combine to bring peace to the world!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "The monster with some major motor! Power Tool Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Power Tool Dragon attack!" followed by "Crafty Break!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Power Tool Dragon's effect!" followed by "Power Search!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Red Dragon Archfiend ", he chants  "The pulse of the ruler roars through the heavens and earth!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "My friend's very soul! Red Dragon Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red Dragon Archfiend attacks!" followed by "Absolute Power Force!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Dragon Archfiend's effect!" followed by "Fiend Meteor!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Road Warrior ", he chants  "This monster will blaze a path all the way to my victory!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Floor it, Road Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Road Warrior attacks!" followed by "Lightning Claw!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Road Warrior's effect activates!" followed by "I Summon a Level 2 or lower Warrior or Machine from my deck!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Seven Swords Warrior ", he chants " Cleave the light! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Seven Swords Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Let's go Seven Swords Warrior! Seven Swords Slash!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Seven Swords Warrior's effect activates! Equip Blast!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Assault Warrior ", he chants  "Wake the world as you lance the heavens!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Stardust Assault Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stardust Assault Warrior attacks!" followed by "Shooting Driver!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Assault Warrior's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Charge Warrior ", he chants  "Ride the wind and rain with your sacred wings!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Stardust Charge Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stardust Charge Warrior attacks!" followed by "Shooting Crusher!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Charge Warrior's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Scarred Warrior ", he chants " Wearing the marks of endless wars, his spirit still burns! Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Scarred Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Scarred Warrior, attack! Brave Dagger!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Turbo Warrior ", he chants  "Watch as I shift my power into overdrive!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Rev your engines, Turbo Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declare an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em out, Turbo Warrior!" followed by "Accel Slash!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Turbo Warrior's effect!" followed by "Twin Fists of Fury!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste ", he chants  "I decided to unite your powers into one!"  followed by  "Fusion Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come here, Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste! Spiral Javelin!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Majestic Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Yusei's face breifly appears, and he announces "This card will bring a miracle!" followed by "The Tuner Monster, Majestic Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Majestic Dragon attacks!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Mighty Warrior ", a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears, and he announces "Level 6 Mighty Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mighty Warrior attacks!" followed by "Mighty Knuckle!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Take Mighty Warrior's effect!" followed by "Rocket Knuckle!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Armory Arm ", he announces "Come on out, Armory Arm!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Armory Arm!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Armory Arm's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Debris Dragon ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Debris Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Debris Dragon attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Debris Dragon's effect! My monster with 500 or fewer ATK rises from my Grave!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Drill Synchron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Drill Synchron!"
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Drill Synchron's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Lefty Driver ", he announces "Come, Lefty Driver!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lefty Driver attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lefty Driver's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Jet Synchron ", he announces "Here's my Tuner Monster, Jet Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jet Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Jet Synchron's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Jet Warrior ", he announces "Blast off, Jet Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jet Warrior, get 'em!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Jet Warrior's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Junk Synchron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Junk Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junk Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Junk Synchron's effect activates!"You 
 When Yusei Summons " Junkuriboh ", he announces "Here comes Junkuriboh!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Junkuriboh attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Junkuriboh's effect!" followed by "I send it to the Graveyard to negate and destroy your card!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Nitro Synchron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Nitro Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Nitro Synchron, attack!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Nitro Synchron's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Quickdraw Synchron ", he announces "Here's the Tuner Monster, Quickdraw Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Quickdraw Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Quick-Span Knight ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Quick-Span Knight!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Quick-Span Knight attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Quick-Span Knight's effect activates from the Graveyard! 
 When Yusei Summons " Quillbolt Hedgehog ", he announces "Come, Quillbolt Hedgehog!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Quillbolt Hedgehog, stick it to 'em!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When I have a Tuner, I can bring back Quilbolt Hedgehog!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Righty Driver ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Righty Driver!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Righty Driver attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Righty Driver's effect Special Summons Lefty Driver!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Road Synchron ", he announces "Here comes the Tuner Monster, Road Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Road Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Road Synchron's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Sonic Chick ", he announces "Speed on in, Sonic Chick!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sonic Chick attacks!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Speed Warrior ", he announces "Sprint on in, Speed Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "You have the great light Speed Warrior!" followed by "Attack, Hyper Sonic Slash!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Speed Warrior's effect" followed by "It's original ATK doubles until the end of the battle phase!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Turbo Synchron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Turbo Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Turbo Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Turbo Synchron's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yusei activates " Advance Draw ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Advance Draw!" 
 When Yusei activates " Assault Mode Activate ", he announces "I play my Trap, Assault Mode Activate!" 
 When Yusei activates " Battle Waltz ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Battle Waltz!" 
 When Yusei activates " Blind Spot Strike ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Blind Spot Strike!" 
 When Yusei activates " Cards of Consonance ", he announces "The Spell Card, Cards of Consonance!" 
 When Yusei activates " Card of Sacrifice ", he announces "I play my Trap Card, Card of Sacrifice!" 
 When Yusei activates " Cosmic Flare ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell, Cosmic Flare!" 
 When Yusei activates " D2 Shield ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! D2 Shield!" 
 When Yusei activates " Defense Draw ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Defense Draw!" 
 When Yusei activates " Descending Lost Star ", he announces "Check out my Trap Card, Descending Lost Star!" 
 When Yusei activates " Double Summon ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Double Summon!" followed by "I'm allowed to Normal Summon twice this turn!" 
 When Yusei activates " Fighting Spirit ", he announces "My Equip Spell, Fighting Spirit!" 
 When Yusei activates " Give and Take ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Give and Take!" 
 When Yusei activates " Graceful Revival ", he announces "The Continuous Trap, Graceful Revival!" 
 When Yusei activates " Half Shut ", he announces "Here's my Quick-Play Spell! Half Shut!" 
 When Yusei activates “ Junk Barrage ”, he announces "My Equip Spell, Junk Barrage!" 
 When Yusei activates " Limiter Overload ", he announces "The Trap Card, Limiter Overload!" followed by "When it's sent to the Grave, I Special Summon Speed Warrior!" 
 When Yusei activates " Miracle's Wake ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Miracle's Wake!" 
 When Yusei activates " Necroid Synchro ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Necroid Synchro!" 
 When Yusei activates " Parallel Twister ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Parallel Twister!" 
 When Yusei activates " Power Frame ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Power Frame!" 
 When Yusei activates " Release Restraint Wave ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Release Restraint Wave!" 
 When Yusei activates " Remote Revenge ", he announces "This will show you're not the controller of this duel! I flip over my Trap Card! Remote Revenge!" 
 When Yusei activates " Scramble Egg ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Scramble Egg!" 
 When Yusei activates " Scrap Fist ", he announces "I activate this card on my Junk Warrior! The Quick-Play Spell, Scrap Fist!" 
 When Yusei activates " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Scrap-Iron Scarecrow!" 
 When Yusei activates " Shining Silver Force ", he announces "My Trap activates! Shining Silver Force!" 
 When Yusei activates " Shooting Star ", he announces "I play my Trap Card! Shooting Star!" 
 When Yusei activates " Silver Wing ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Silver Wing!" 
 When Yusei activates " Slip Summon ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Slip Summon!" 
 When Yusei activates " Spirit Force ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Spirit Force!" 
 When Yusei activates " Stardust Flash ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Stardust Flash!" 
 When Yusei activates " Stardust Re-Spark ", he announces "The Trap Card, Stardust Re-Spark!" 
 When Yusei activates " Starlight Road ", he announces "The Trap Card, Starlight Road!" 
 When Yusei activates " Synchro Deflector ", he announces "The Trap Card! Synchro Deflector!" 
 When Yusei activates " Synchro Gift ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Synchro Gift!" 
 When Yusei activates " Synchro Material ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Synchro Material!" 
 When Yusei activates " Synchro Strike ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Synchro Strike!" 
 When Yusei activates " Tuner's Barrier ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Tuner's Barrier!" 
 When Yusei activates " Tuning ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Tuning!" 
 When Yusei activates " Urgent Tuning ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Urgent Tuning!" 
 When Yusei activates " Wild Tornado ", he announces "The Trap Card! Wild Tornado!" 
 When Yusei activates " Zero Force ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Zero Force!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Yusei Summons " Accel Synchron " he announces "Come on in, Accel Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Accel Synchron attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Accel Synchron's effect activates!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Cosmic Blazar Dragon ", he chants " The stars unite to rush to the future! Form the road of light! Delta Accel Synchro!! " Afterwards, he announces "Cosmic Blazar Dragon!" 
 In the Japanese version, he chants " 集いし星が絆を繋ぎ祈りと共に未来へかける! デルタアクセルシンクロ！コズミックブレイザードラゴン！ " (Translated: Gathering stars connect bonds and pray for the future! Delta Accel Synchro! Cosmic Blazar Dragon!)
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Cosmic Blazar Dragon!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cosmic Blazar Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Shooting Quasar Dragon ", he chants " I'll rev it up to blast through my limitations! The stars unite to brighten the future! Form the road of light! Limit Over Accel Synchro! " Afterwards, he announces "The evolution of light, Shooting Quasar Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Shooting Quasar Dragon!" followed by "The Burst of Creation!" 
 When Yusei activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Shooting Quasar Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yusei activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Shooting Quasar Dragon leaves, this Dragon returns!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ", he announces "Appear, Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode! Assault Sonic Burn!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon ", he chants " The ancient stars purify the world! Accel Synchro! " Afterwards, he announces "Welcome Level 12 Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon! Shooting Nova Blast!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon's effect! Sonic Shine Reversal!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stardust Sifr's effect activates from my Graveyard! Resurrect, Stardust!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Stardust Warrior ", he chants " Strike with a fist that crushes the strongest steel! Accel Synchro! " Afterwards, he announces "Appear, Stardust Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stardust Warrior attacks!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Stardust Warrior's effect!" 
 When Yusei Summons " Effect Veiler ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Effect Veiler!"
 Most of the time when Yusei declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Effect Veiler, attack!" 
 When Yusei activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard Effect Veiler from my hand to activate it's effect!" followed by "It negates yours monster's effect until the end of the turn!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Yusei activates " Converging Wishes ", he announces "I haven't given up on the future!" followed by "I flip over my Trap Card! Converging Wishes!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yusei announces "Stardust Dragon embodies everyone's hopes and dreams, and it won't let them down!" followed by "Converging Wishes' other effect!" 
 When Yusei activates " Hope for Escape ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hope for Escape!" 
 When Yusei activates " Limit Overdrive ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Limit Overdrive!" 
 When Yusei activates " Miracle Locus ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Miracle Locus!" 
 When Yusei activates " One for One ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, One for One!" 
 When Yusei activates " Reinforce Truth ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Reinforce Truth!" 
 When Yusei activates " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Angel Baton!" 
 When Yusei activates " Starlight Junktion ", he announces "The Field Spell, Starlight Junktion!" 
 Trivia 
 One of Yusei's taunts is " I'll have some milk ". This references the time he ordered milk at  Bootleg . 
 The inclusion of " Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon ", " Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon , and " Stardust Spark Dragon " as card-specific dialogue comes from Yusei's usage of those cards during the  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga.
 In the manga however, "Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon" was known as " True Stardust Spark Dragon Chronicle ". 
 Initially, when summoning " Lightning Warrior ", a cut-in frame of Yusei's face briefly appears. But as of April 28, 2020, cut-in frame of Yusei himself appears, instead of just his face. 
 Yusei's respective dialogue for when he Duels against  Yami Yugi ,  Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Jaden Yuki , and  Jaden/Yubel , references the main protagonists' encounter in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time . 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) , Jaden Yuki, and Yusei Fudo are the characters whose dialogue remains unchanged when Dueling against Yami Yugi or Yugi Muto (DM). 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, and  Tetsu Trudge  are the characters that have character-specific dialogue for Legendary Duelists outside of their respective  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series'. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Antinomy , Kalin Kessler, Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Aigami, Yusei Fudo, Tetsu Trudge, and Kite Tenjo are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  and  Xyz . 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and Carly Carmine have a additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Arkana , Lumis and Umbra, Aigami,  Sera ,  Prana , Jesse Anderson, Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar, Blair Flannigan, Yusei Fudo, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler, and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Yusei's dialogue for such cards include: " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ". 
 There are some Signers who share similar, if not identical dialogue for some of the  Signer Dragons :
 Yusei Fudo, Akiza Izinski -  Stardust Dragon 
 Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudo -  Black-Winged Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski, Yusei Fudo -  Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, Luna, Yusei Fudo -  Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Life Stream Dragon 
 Luna, Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 The inclusion of all of the Signer Dragons as card-specific dialogue references how Yusei used all of them in his Duel against  Z-ONE . 
 v e 
 Yusei Fudo  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/YuseiFudo-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/306?cb=20181030064400', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Profile-DULI-YuseiFudo.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925172027', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Icon-DULI-YuseiFudo.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925193906', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/42/Icon-DULI-YuseiFudo2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925173107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Icon-DULI-5DsCupYusei.png/revision/latest?cb=20200514170754', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/CutIn-DULI-YuseiFudo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925171630', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Summoning-DULI-YuseiFudo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925172233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/Defeat-DULI-YuseiFudo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925170202', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yusei Fudo pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters