Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Jack-WB01.gif

For the other versions of this character, see  Jack Atlas (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 
 
 
 Jack alongside " Red Dragon Archfiend ". 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Other   
 Jack Atlus [1] 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 King Master of Faster Sultan of Speed Former King World King 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ジャック・アトラス 
 
 
 Korean   
 잭 아틀러스 
 
 
 Arabic   
 جاك أطلَس 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 19 (Season 1) 20 ( WRGP ) 21 (Team 5D's future) 29 (finale timeskip) [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Cup ramen Blue-Eyes Mountain 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents (deceased) Martha  (foster mother) Yusei Fudo  (younger foster brother) Crow Hogan  (younger foster brother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional  Turbo Duelist 
 
 
 Organization 
 Ride Ace 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Cafe la Geen  waiter Restaurant chef Book store clerk Dry Cleaner employee 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Signers 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Racing Grand Prix   Winner       Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament  (with  Yusei Fudo - original timeline)   Winner   
 
 
 Previous team 
 Team 5D's The Enforcers 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Entertainment Power Burning Soul Red Dragon Assault Mode 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Duel Transer 
 King's Strength Road to Glory 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 1: " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Demons Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Ted Lewis 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Takanori Hoshino 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Fouad Shams (Fortune Cup and Dark Signers) Fadi Rifai (World Racing Grand Prix) 
 
 
 German  
 Tobias Nath 
 
 
 Italian  
 Patrizio Prata 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Sergio Corcetti ( Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's) (Brazil) Cesar Marchetti (Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time) (Brazil) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Noel Magat 
 
 
 
 Jack Atlas  is  Yusei Fudo 's former rival as well as one of his many friends in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  who, eventually after the first season, serves as a deuteragonist. Jack was one of the  Signers  with the wings of the  Crimson Dragon  on his right arm. He is also the older foster brother of Yusei and  Crow Hogan .
 An alternate universe  version  of Jack appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . [3] [4] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Fortune Cup 
 2.3   Dark Signers 
 2.4   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.5   Crash Town 
 2.6   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.7   Ark Cradle 
 2.8   Team 5D's future 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yusei Fudo 
 3.2   Crow Hogan 
 3.3   Carly Carmine 
 3.4   Leo and Luna 
 3.5   Akiza Izinski 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Decks 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 9   [1] Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
   Full Body View   Headshots   Lineart 1/3 
 Jack's character design is made by  Shuji Maruyama . [ citation needed ]  Jack has purple eyes, fair skin and spiked blonde hair, with two much longer strands in front of his ears that hang further down the rest of his hair. His other accessories include a neckband, similar to the one worn by  Yugi Muto , a belt buckle and earrings in the shape of the letter A, the first letter of his last name. Jack wears a long white trench coat lined with purple with spiked shoulders over a white plunging shirt, grey pants, and white boots. In  Turbo Duels , he wears a white form-fitting motorcycling suit with a similar design to his coat, as well as a basic white helmet.
 
 Personality 
 In the dub, Jack has a British cockney accent. He pronounces words like "little", "better" and "settle" as "lit'l", "bet'r" and "set'l" and words like "I" "my" and "me" as "ai", "moi" and "mei". He also makes puns on biking.
 Jack's personality is similar to  Seto Kaiba 's; he is somewhat cold-hearted, and often acts as an anti-hero. Jack is an arrogant man at the beginning of the story who thinks of his opponents as little more than entertainment for himself and his audience. As King, he believed in a pursuit philosophy; where that he would drive himself into his own pinches only to crush his opponents with his absolute comeback strategies. However, after losing to his former friend  Yusei , Jack realizes what he's been missing as King and decides on starting his own journey to becoming a real Duelist. Upon meeting  Carly Carmine , he realizes the error of his ways, and tries to repay Yusei and the others.
 Unlike Seto Kaiba however, Jack is more emotional and hot-headed who later openly shows his caring for his friends as the series progresses and he matures.
 Jack can be manipulative, up to the point of even using his friends to get what he wants. However, he eventually realizes the error of his ways and becomes less manipulative. During his Duels he states that he enjoys entertaining the crowd and as such is often very theatrical with his Duels. He is known as the King of Turbo Duels, but mainly goes by The King. (In the dub, he has titles, such as "Master of Faster", "King of Cards" and "King".) He talks of himself in the third person and announces to the crowd, before, during and after his Duels, "There is only one King! That is me!". (In the dub, he uses phrases, such as "Let's kick this  Turbo Duel  into overdrive!" at the beginning of his professional Duels. When he wins a Duel, he will often say, "Who's the Master of Faster? Who rules the Duel? That's right, it's me, Jack Atlas!").
 During his Duel with  Goodwin , Jack states that he gives up becoming King and is fighting for Carly and the rest of his friends. After Goodwin's defeat, he works with Yusei and  Crow  to help those in need rather than focusing on his own ambition, but he still maintains a grumpy attitude. He can be very much insensitive to those around him, such as his final conversation with Carly before he left the city. [5] 
 Jack has few applicable or even social skills other than Dueling and has been consequently fired from several jobs in one day. He also has problems with spending money as Crow grills him for spending 3000 yen (about $30 US at the time) on a single cup of coffee and being 36000 yen (about $360 US at the time) in debt to said coffee shop. [6]  He has a great love for ramen [7]  that spans from his early days when he would eat ramen along with his friends at  Martha's  home. [8] 
 He also believes that Dueling is a clash between souls, and that one who uses cards of darkness instead doesn't deserve to Duel. [9]  He has a strong pride as a Duelist, as seen when he got deeply upset when he found out that Rex Goodwin had made  Dragan  lose on purpose to Jack in the past, to the point of grabbing  Lazar  angrily and shouting at Leo. [10] 
 In the dub, his personality is quite a bit more malicious and his redemption and change of personality is lessened considerably, compared to his original Japanese counterpart; he framed his former friend  Rally  with the  Duel Runner  chip, for example, when in the original, Rally stole it himself and Jack is completely uninvolved and oblivious. He also remains quite mean, harsh and arrogant after his meeting with Carly, versus his greatly softened original counterpart who seems much more like a man who actually makes attempts to redeem himself.
 
 Etymology 
 In the Japanese anime his name is spelled both "Jack Atlus" [1]  and "Jack Atlas". [11]   Kazuki Takahashi  has also spelled the name "Jack Atlas". [12] 
 
 Abilities 
 Jack is adept at hand-to-hand combat, having taken down  Syd 's entire gang single-handedly.
 Jack, being the descendant of the  Legendary Signer , possesses the power of  Blazing Soul , which he used to seal the  Crimson Devil  into a card, creating his newest ace monster, " Red Nova Dragon ". He has only been shown to perform Blazing Soul with the help of the Mark of Dragon in all of his Duels, minus his final Duel with  Yusei . [13] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Young  Yusei ,  Crow  and Jack.     
 Jack's parents were killed during the  Zero Reverse  incident and he grew up in  Satellite . As a child, Jack was a lone wolf and never played with the other children. Later, he met  Yusei Fudo  and  Crow Hogan  and became one of their best friends. He was raised by  Martha .
 
         Jack and  The Enforcers .     
 In their teens, Jack, Yusei and Crow met  Kalin Kessler  and formed  The Enforcers  as a way to improve their lives in Satellite, by becoming the best  Duelists  there. After conquering all of Satellites zones, Kalin changed, taking Dueling so seriously that he forced a kid into a Duel and proceeded to beat him up after winning. Unhappy with Kalin's attitude, Jack and Crow left the team. After learning that Kalin was on the run from  Sector Security , Yusei approached Jack to ask him to help.
 The reunited gang caught up with Kalin in an abandoned storage building. They told him that he had changed and tried to get him to abort the battle with Security. After Yusei stopped Kalin from attacking a badly beaten Security, Crow and Jack held Kalin in a room while Yusei tried to convince Security that he, himself, was the leader, in the hopes Kalin wouldn't be arrested. He was unsuccessful and Kalin was ultimately captured, ending the team.
 Yusei and Jack spent much of their time with  Nervin ,  Blitz ,  Tank  and  Rally  afterwards. Jack came into possession of the card " Red Dragon Archfiend ".
 Jack Dueled and defeated Yusei, after which he told Yusei that one cannot win a Duel with  Monster ,  Spell  or  Trap Cards  alone, only with them joined up. He pointed to his heart as he said, "All you need to amass yourself in victory is right here." At the time, Yusei did not understand what he meant.
 
         Jack sitting alone on his throne.     
         Jack in  Satellite .     
 Jack eventually fell out with Yusei after a difference in goals. Jack aspired to be a King and spent a lot of his time sitting in a throne in an abandoned theater. He spent little time with his friends, although Rally occasionally visited. Jack once saved Rally from a group of bullies, but didn't stick around to converse.
 Inside the theater, he met  Lazar , who came on behalf of  Rex Goodwin . He convinced Jack that his  birthmark  was special and that he can become a King in  New Domino City . In order to do so, he told Jack to steal Yusei's  Duel Runner  and " Stardust Dragon " card and escape through a pipeline into  New Domino City 
 Accepting  Lazar 's offer, Jack tied Rally up and left him in a boat floating in the sea. He alerted Yusei, who came there on the Duel Runner he had built. Jack forced Yusei to choose between himself and Rally's life in order to get what he was after. After Yusei dove into the water to save Rally, Jack took Yusei's "Stardust Dragon", as well as the Duel Runner. He then made his way into New Domino through the trash pipeline.
 At an unspecified time, the Duel Runner Jack took breaks down. In the dub, his new Duel Runner,  Phoenix Whirlwind  (Wheel of Fortune in the Japanese version) is the old Duel Runner, after  modifications.
 
         Jack's  Duel Runner , the  Phoenix Whirlwind .     
 Jack then became the  Turbo Dueling  Champion and moved into the compound of  Rex Goodwin , who tried to conceal Jack's origins from the public. As the King of Duelists, he was adored by the New Domino City public and his fame has been marketed, even to the point where both he and his "Red Dragon Archfiend" card have their own action figures. Also, at an unspecified time Jack faced  Bolt Tanner  in a Turbo Duel and defeated him on his first turn. This also occurred with  Dragan  while facing him in a Duel King Title Match.
 
 Fortune Cup 
 Two years later, when  Yusei  ventured off into  New Domino City  to take back his " Stardust Dragon " card, he and Jack had a rematch, but it was interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious red-colored dragon, later revealed to be the  Crimson Dragon . He later learned from  Goodwin  that he is a  "Signer" , a savior predicted to prevent the resurrection of a dark god by a Pre-Incan civilization. Although conflicted about maintaining his title even though he technically lost to Yusei, Jack complied with Goodwin's plans in the hope of truly validating his title by finally defeating Yusei in the  Fortune Cup  and gave "Stardust Dragon" back to Yusei as a sign of competition.
 Yusei faced Jack for the title of King of  Turbo Duels , as he has beaten every opponent on the Fortune Cup. Before their Duel commenced, Jack recounted the events that happened two years ago that lead ultimately to the road of him becoming King. Also, now that he was finally facing Yusei, he told Goodwin to let  Rally  and the others go since, there is no further need for them to being held hostage. Before their Turbo Duel started, Yusei saw them on the screen, and once they were free, Jack said that there was nothing holding them back.
 During the Duel, Jack refused to let Yusei win, revealing that in order for him walk to the path of becoming the King, two years ago he gave up everything by turning his back on  Satellite  and on everyone else he knew. Thus, thinking that all of that happened because of the dragon birthmark, he believed now that Yusei has the chance to become King without giving up anything. Jack did not want that to happen.
 
         The  Crimson Dragon  appears.     
 As he Dueled against Yusei, once again the Crimson Dragon appeared, and took Jack, Yusei,  Luna  and  Akiza  to another dimension, showing them visions. Jack told Yusei to continue since, it's their Duel that is responsible for them being there. He pushed Yusei, thinking that he will finally win. Jack unleashed his devastating combo, however Yusei has already foreseen this, and managed to counter.
 Yusei's "Stardust Dragon" unleashed its final attack destroying Jack's "Red Dragon Archfiend", consuming the last of Jack's  Life Points ; The Duel Runner he was on was completely destroyed and Jack crashed into a guardrail. Jack was thrown from his Duel Runner and was badly injured. Yusei was announced as the new king and Jack was carried out on a stretcher after Jack gave some words of wisdom to Yusei.
 
 Dark Signers 
 Jack was transferred to  Domino Hospital  to recover away from the prying eyes of the public.
 Carly Carmine  snuck into the hospital, disguised as a nurse in an attempt to interview him.  Trudge , now under the  Dark Signers ' control, suddenly came and challenged Jack. Jack's arm was broken at the time, so he asked Carly to assist him in the Duel and hold his cards. Jack and Carly managed to defeat Trudge, blowing up a portion of the hospital in the process. Before Jack fainted, he asked Carly to get him out without notifying the reporters outside. Carly snuck him out on a gurney as a body with a sheet over it.
 
         Carly  disguises Jack to avoid media attention.     
 Jack woke up in Carly's place after envisioning a meeting with the  Dark Signers  in a dream. Carly went into Jack's room only to find the man gone. She then followed him to the monorail where he was attempting to get on the train to leave. In the end, Carly convinced him to come to an amusement park with her with the intention of having him relax so she could interview him. She changed her mind however after hearing how hurt he was over losing the title of King to  Yusei Fudo .
 After spending some time with Carly, Jack started to show signs of guilt for betraying his friends and shame for how he let  Goodwin  use him. Carly suggested that the real Jack Atlas was returning and that the old Jack was the real one defeated by Yusei. She suggested that it was fine for him to become a real King now (in the dub, she suggested that Jack should say sorry to his friends, mainly Yusei). Jack put on his jacket and agreed with her, after which he vowed to never let himself get used by people again.
 Jack responded to a call at Carly's apartment from  Mina Simington  and flies back to  Satellite . Here he watched the Duel between Yusei and  Kalin . Yusei got impaled in the course of the fight and is taken away by  Crow  to receive medical attention. Jack demanded the helicopter be landed, but Mina tells him that he had nowhere to go without his  Duel Runner . Jack was forced to go back to  New Domino City  and wait for the next Dark Signer attack.
 After returning to the city, he and Mina told Carly she had best not get involved and Jack broke her camera's memory chip to hide the conflict between the  Signers  and the Dark Signers. After Jack's Duel Runner was repaired by Goodwin, he told Mina that he would go to Satellite and make his own "road" rather than "Road of the King" he had previously been on.
 After the  Arcadia Movement  headquarters were damaged by a Dark Signer attack, Jack evaded the flaming geoglyphs as they form. He made his way to the building, unaware that Carly is the Dark Signer responsible. After the Duel, he came across  Luna ,  Leo ,  Yanagi , and  Tanner  leaving the building. They told Jack that  Akiza  was inside and may need help. Jack entered the building to look for her and found Carly's broken glasses inside. He found Akiza unconscious and took her out of the building, unable to find Carly in time. Jack immediately took Akiza to the hospital to get help for her, thinking Carly had been sacrificed to the " Earthbound Immortals ".
 Akiza was in a comatose state and is visited by her parents  Hideo  and  Setsuko . Jack told them that Yusei may be able to help her, which he does in the end. He also says that the Signers still have a lot to learn about each other, and the only way they met each other was through Yusei.
 Jack, along with the other Signers, were invited by Rex Goodwin to his house to learn more about the Signers and Dark Signers. He was told that the Signers are drawn together and guided by faith. After learning about the Dark Signer's powers, Jack believed Carly to be among their victims, who were sacrificed when the two "Earthbound Immortals" were Summoned.
 Seeing how much Yusei was afraid of Kalin, and that he has lost confidence after his last encounter, Jack punched Yusei in the hopes that a fight would cause Yusei to regain his determination. Yusei thanked Jack and accepted that they must fight the Dark Signers to protect people. Hearing this, Jack remembered that he must protect Carly.
 After the Dark Signers unleashed the  black fog  on Satellite, Jack along with the other Signers, Leo and Mina are flown by a helicopter piloted by Trudge to Satellite. In Satellite they meet up with  Martha , who was happy to see Jack back after many years. The reunion was cut short as Yusei found out that  Rally , Crow and the others have disappeared. Mina became greatly upset over Jack's feeling for Carly after seeing him with her glasses while he was saying that he was fighting for people.
 During supper,  Roman  appeared in order to Duel. Jack wanted to Duel him but is stopped by Yusei, who tells him that its too dangerous to Duel a Dark Signer here. Following Yusei's instructions, Jack took Martha and the kids to safer place.  John ,  Mitch , and  Taka  snuck away to watch the Duel and to help Yusei however they could. As Roman Summons his "Earthbound Immortal", Jack quickly appears and rescues John and Mitch from being sacrificed.
 After Yusei's match against Roman concludes, Jack, Akiza, Luna, along with  Leo , are there, as the rest of the Dark Signers show themselves. After Jack realized Carly is one of them, he chased after her and asked why is she one of them. Carly responded, "If you want to know the answer, come to see me".
 The Signers split up to face their respective opponents at the four control units for the Original  Ener-D  Reactor. Jack took his  Duel Runner  to the Hummingbird tower, where Carly showed herself on her own Duel Runner.
 
         Jack and Carly ruling as  Dark Signers  in Carly's vision.     
 During their Duel, Carly used the card " Enlightenment ", causing Jack to see an alternate future in which he lost his Duel against Carly and died. Carly kissed him, reviving him as a Dark Signer (in the dub, he gets infected by the spreading darkness), and together they defeated the Signers. They turned the world into a Hell, in which they ruled as King and Queen. During the course of the vision, Carly's glasses slipped from Jack's coat, causing him to remember Carly as she normally was and snap out of the vision.
 Jack told Carly that that wasn't the fate she truly wanted and activated his Trap Card while showing her her glasses. It allowed Carly the choice between recovering her own Life Points or damaging Jack for half the  ATK  of her " Fortune Lady Earth ". Carly turned to accept the choice of inflicting damage on him when she hesitated and, in the end, turned down a chance to win the Duel in favor of saving Jack. However, her Earthbound Immortal, " Aslla piscu " possessed her and forced her to continue the Duel. She managed to Summon her "Earthbound Immortal" after this possession.
 
         Jack embraces Carly before she turns to dust.     
 Following this Summon, Jack began to focus hard on trying to save Carly, whom he realizes he loves. This caused the  Marks of the Dragon  to leave the other four Signers and appear on Jack's back, allowing him to Summon " Majestic Red Dragon ". Jack attempted to end the Duel in a  DRAW , deciding that if he had to cause Carly's death that it would be acceptable if he died along with her. However, Carly's normal self managed to take control and activated a Trap Card that forced her to lose. She and Jack embraced before she turned to dust, Carly finally confessing her love to him. Jack proceeded to activate the control unit.
 After Akiza's Duel with  Misty Tredwell , the sun set before the final unit can be activated and the condor geoglyph appeared in the sky. The  King of the Netherworld  appeared from the original Ener-D reactor, and moved towards the City. The Crimson Dragon transported Jack and his companions to Goodwin's island residence. Jack noticed the  Stairway to the Dragon Star  has smashed through  building. Goodwin stood at the top of the stairway, where he revealed that he has became a Dark Signer and became a Signer by attaching Roman's arm to himself. Goodwin prepared to sacrifice a Signer through a Turbo Duel ritual to welcome the Ruler of the Underworld. Jack, Yusei, and Crow faced Goodwin in a 3-on-1 Duel. During the Duel, Goodwin suggested Jack not to work with Yusei, and become a true King. Jack remembering Carly, refused, and his Life Points were lowered to 1. Soon after, he crashed and was unable to Duel any further. After Yusei defeated Goodwin, he was saved by " Majestic Star Dragon ".
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 Half after the battle with  Dark Signers , Jack was working with  Yusei  and  Crow  in developing a new  Duel Runner  engine, though during a test the engine overloaded and exploded. Afterward, he later assisted Yusei and Crow in tracking down  Ghost . After Yusei defeated Ghost, they found out he was  a robot  and Yusei believed a new threat was approaching.
 
         Jack at the  Duel Statue .     
 Jack often went to  Cafe la Geen  and bought expensive coffee, such as  Blue-Eyes Mountain . However, Crow yelled at him for slacking off and demanded that he got money for new parts. Jack attempted to find honest work, but he was fired from every job he attempts, due to his ego and his obsession of himself being a  Signer . After one such failure, he and Carly learned about a money trader named  Don Piero  who ripped people off by making them sign false documents. Jack then challenged Pierro to a Duel for those contracts, putting up his " Red Dragon Archfiend " and the  Phoenix Whirlwind  as antes. Jack ultimately won, however he still couldn't find a job.
 On the day of  Akiza 's final  Turbo Dueling  exam, Crow and Jack helped Yusei modify and improve her Duel Runner so she can Turbo Duel and obtain her license. Like the rest, he was present during her first official Turbo Duel, in which she was able to defeat Trudge. Several other students had attempted to saboatage Akiza's match, prompting Jack to beat them up.
 
         Jack beating the criminal.     
 Sometime later,  Carly  informed Jack of Duel Runner thieves. With his pride as a Turbo Duelist, he decided to try and capture the thieves, but when one pulled a gun on him, one of the thieves suddenly tried to stop him and took the shot instead. As Jack stopped to check on the fallen man, Trudge appeared and informed him that the man was actually an undercover agent named  Kaz . Feeling guilty, Jack borrowed Kaz's " Chaos King Archfiend " and hunts down the thieves, getting beaten up numerous times before he followed them to their hideout. Once he arrived, he and the  ringleader  engaged in a Standing Duel to the death. Jack seemed to be on the verge of losing, but then Summoned the agent's  Synchro Monster  and won the Duel. When Trudge and his officers arrived, Jack had already beaten up all the gang members and had them piled up. Later, Jack returned the card to the recovered agent, then they shook hands and Jack vowed to Duel him someday.
 Jack began to try and develop applicable skills. For example, he made a table and chairs out of leftover parts one morning. However, this attempt was ill-fated, as when Crow sat down, the chair broke apart underneath him. After  Leo  and  Luna 's loss to  Lester , Jack and Crow discussed the changes that have recently taken place. The two grow concerned for Yusei, and they decided to go find him and figure out what's troubling him once and for all.
 When they meet with Yusei, he revealed his unease around Ghost, and told them that he suspected that  Iliaster  is behind everything, as  Roman  had told him that it was a man from Iliaster who set him down the path of becoming a Dark Signer. Furthermore, they were using the  WRGP  for some mysterious plan, if  Sherry  was to be believed. The three decided to work towards mastering  Vizor 's  Accel Synchro Summon  as a means to effectively combat the new Iliaster plot and to protect the city. When Yusei takes in an amnesiac named  Bruno , Jack was initially distrusting and very hostile towards him, as Bruno had been found working on Jack's Phoenix Whirlwind without permission.
 
         Jack Dueling  the impostor .     
 When Jack was suddenly arrested by  Sector Security , the word of him being a suspect got around. Trudge showed Yusei, Bruno, and Crow a security clip of Jack purposely destroying Duel Runners during Duels. They all assume that it was Jack because of the Phoenix Whirlwind and the exact same  Deck . When Jack escaped Security, he set out to find the culprit. He later confronted the  impostor , a duplicate of Jack calling himself "The King". When Jack faced the mystery Duelist, he ended up defeated by his own  monster , " Red Dragon Archfiend " and seemingly fell into the sea.
 
         The machine controlling Jack.     
 It was revealed that the impostor was a  Duelbot  as a part of the  Three Pure Nobles ' (namely  Jakob's ) plan to use the Signers for their nefarious scheme involving a "circuit" of some kind. Jack did not die but was actually captured and hidden in a cave while being shown what the impostor is doing, this time wreaking havoc on the highway. He was also under the careful watch of the trio by the use of a machine. Eventually, seeing his friends (Yusei, Crow, and Kaz) getting injured trying to figure out who was the so called 'King', Jack's willpower caused the machine to break, freeing Jack from his mental prison. He then escaped from the cave he was hidden in and chased after the impostor. Jack intercepted the impostor before he was could harm Yusei and then challenged the impostor to a Duel. During the Duel, the impostor constantly taunted him, telling him that he is now weaker than his former self. Jack Summoned his "Red Dragon Archfiend" quickly with " Trust Guardian " but got pushed into a corner very early in the game as the impostor Summoned his own "Red Dragon Archfiend" and boosted its  ATK . When it seemed Jack was winning, the impostor unleashed his ultimate weapon: the Summoning of three "Red Dragon Archfiends" (they were colored blue, purple and yellow).
 
         The full  Crimson Dragon   birthmark  on Jack's back.     
 The three dragons nearly wiped out Jack's  Life Points  but he was saved by his "Red Dragon Archfiend", which was protected by "Trust Guardian". Jack then made his final move and Summoned " Majestic Red Dragon " and gained the ATK of the impostor's "Red Dragon Archfiend" before attacking and defeating him. The attack destroyed the imposter and all of his cards.
 
 Crash Town 
 Jack also appeared in  Crash Town . After  Lawton  canceled his Duel with  Kalin  and  Yusei , he tried to shoot Kalin, but he was intercepted by Crow's " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind . Seeing this,  Barbara  tried to attack  Nico  and  West  in order to control Kalin, but Jack prevented her from doing so. He declared that he doesn't like to harm ladies, but would make an exception in her case. Later, before they returned to  New Domino City , they said goodbye to Kalin, who decided to stay in the city to protect Nico and West after they lost their  father .
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
         Jack's re-designed  Duel Runner .     
 During the first round of the  WRGP , Jack was the first in line against  Team Unicorn , facing  Andre . The Duelist who rounded the first turn of the track first was awarded by taking the first turn. As Jack raced towards the turn, he appeared to have secured the first turn, though Andre used the overboost system to propel him around the corner. With his first turn, he Summoned " Red Dragon Archfiend ", believing the Duel to be a match of Power Decks. Andre, however, was able to counter Jack's moves,  destroying  "Red Dragon Archfiend" and damaging the  Phoenix Whirlwind  in the process. Jack continued Dueling without noticing the damage, though it is seen by  Yusei  and  Bruno , who called him back to the pit. Jack refused to give up, continuing on. After taking some damage from Andre's  attacks , Jack managed to re-Summon his "Red Dragon Archfiend" and inflict the first damage by  Team 5D's . Andre, however, was able to counter Jack's moves once again, and ended the Duel using the effect of " Speed World 2 ". The damage suffered by Jack's Phoenix Whirlwind caused the braking system to malfunction, resulting in him being thrown from it while it spun out of control and crashed. Jack was able to walk his Phoenix Whirlwind off the track and got the "active Duelist" tag to  Akiza  in time to prevent the team's disqualification.
 
         Jack celebrating the victory.     
 Jack was hospitalized and taken care of by  Carly ,  Mina , and  Stephanie . However, as Yusei continued to battle  Jean , Jack urged his friend on after forcing himself back to the arena. After Yusei's victory, he congratulated his friend, glad to see that their dream lived on.
 Jack Dueled  Nicolas , after  Crow  defeated  Hermann . Due to effect of " Power Giant ", he managed to dodge the final blow from Nicolas' card of darkness, " Doom Ray ", and only Nicolas lost all of his Life Points and his Duel Runner was destroyed. Due to this victory, Team 5D's won the match, and proceeded to the finals.
 Jack heard about  Diablo , the army of  Duelbots  that  Primo  released, so he went with  Kaz  to stop them. After beating several Ghosts, they left him and attacked Yusei,  Sherry  and  Elsworth , beating Sherry and Elsworth, leaving Yusei to fight the rest alone. Jack and Kaz defeated a few of the Ghosts and noticed that the sky had turned ominous. Jack worried that something big is about to affect the whole city. 
 Jack went to Nazca with Yusei after Yusei received an e-mail from  Greiger . Grieger wrote that he had a dream in which Jack was killed by his "Red Dragon Archfiend", causing him to invite Jack and Yusei. He told Jack that the former King needs to find a new way of battling, although Jack refused by sticking to his traditional style of power. Jack and  Max , Greiger's little brother, engaged in a Duel that evening. Although Jack quickly pulled out his "Red Dragon Archfiend", Max's traps countered his strategy and reflected his attack. As a result of the blow, Jack is knocked off his Duel Runner as the Duel is canceled. Wondering why his strategy failed, Jack leaves the others behind for a time.
 While driving, he founded a  devastated village  where only an  old man  remained. The man told Jack that the destruction was the work of  The Crimson Devil  when questioned by the Duelist. The man was quickly possessed by the  Familiar of Red Nova , who told Jack that if he desires power, Jack needs to go to the temple and Duel him. Jack then went to Greiger's temple and, ignoring Max, went to a secret passage beneath it. There he found the Familiar, who explained that a Duel between them would serve as a ritual. If Jack won, he would gain a new power, yet if he lost, the familiar would use his body as a sacrifice to awaken Red Nova. The Duel started, although Jack quickly lost many  Life Points  due to the Familiar's burn Deck. While they were Dueling, Yusei, Greiger and Max arrived. The Familiar, seeing them, blocked the exit, preventing them from leaving. An unknown creature appeared within the abyss beneath the Duel, which Greiger recognized as Red Nova, the ultimate " Earthbound Immortal ", who was sealed after he lost to the  Crimson Dragon  in a battle  10,000 years ago . After hearing that Red Nova is in fact an "Earthbound Immortal", Jack was shocked and understood that he needed to win or he would be used as a sacrifice to Summon the "Earthbound Immortal".
 
         Jack performing  Blazing Soul .     
 Jack Summoned "Red Dragon Archfiend" as the Duel continued. After losing almost all of his Life Points due to Jack's strategy, the Familiar Summoned his ace card, " Abyss Ruler Mictlancoatl ". Jack successfully dodged the attack, but bears witness to the awakening of Red Nova. Greiger then explained that Red Nova was previously stopped by  Blazing Soul  that was once possessed by a  Legendary Signer . Greiger believes that Jack is the descendant of the one who originally defeated Red Nova, shocking Yusei. Before Red Nova can attack, the Crimson Dragon appeared, helping Jack to capture Red Nova's power and transform it into " Red Nova Dragon ". With it, Jack easily defeated the Familiar. Afterwards, Jack and Yusei said goodbye to Greiger, Max and  Annie  and afterwards returned to New Domino City.
 
         Jack's avatar.     
 Sometime later, Jack led Yusei, Crow and  Bruno  to find  Red Demon's Noodle , a brand new cup ramen. During the search they met  Lazar , but before they could catch him, he escaped. Later, Jack devised a plan to catch Lazar. The next day, they set up a stand promoting Red Demon's Noodle. Crow was chosen to dress up as  Cup Ramen Man  because he lost to Jack in rock-paper-scissors. After Crow defeated some people, Lazar appeared, but he escaped again. Still, they managed to find him, and Crow Dueled him. Crow won, so Lazar was forced to reveal everything he knew about  Iliaster . During the examination, after Lazar told his history in which cup ramen had a big role, Jack gave him all the supplies of Red Demon's Noodle. Jack told him that he also loved cup ramen while he was young. Because Lazar didn't say anything about Iliaster, Sherry] destroyed the cup ramen, shocking Jack. Later, Lazar remembered that the name of the organization which sent the directors is in the  Sector Security  database, which was disguised as a Turbo Duel game. After Akiza easily won, Jack decided to Duel, but he lost. After he complained that the game needed some sort of combo, Yusei told to him that he just missed the timing. Using a different approach to Jack's strategy, Yusei won, and the name of the company appeared. Its name was  Momentum Express Development Organization , which surprised everybody.
 Jack then went with Yusei and others to talk about Momentum Express Development Organization with  Rick . Jack noticed that the organization's business is very suspicious. After Yusei, Sherry and Bruno were sent into a wormhole by  Clark Smith , Jack and the other Signers were protected from Iliaster's  falsification of history  by their  marks . Jack, along with the other Signers and  Elsworth , went to the dock, where they were reunited with Yusei and Bruno.
 A few days later, Jack went with Crow and Akiza to watch the Exhibition Duel of  Team Ragnarok . Jack was chosen by  Dragan  as his opponent and the Duel commenced. Jack immediately Summoned "Red Dragon Archfiend", but Dragan used his relentless attack as an opportunity to  Synchro Summon  his strongest monster, " Thor, Lord of the Aesir ". Dragan said to Jack that he expected more from the former King, then declared an attack. "Red Dragon Archfiend" and "Thor" clashed, causing the sky to darken and the arena to tremble with the force of an earthquake. Hastily, Lazar interrupted the Duel to avoid more damage.
 Jack was the first wheeler against  Team Taiyo , facing  Yoshizo . Jack quickly Summoned "Red Dragon Archfiend", but his attack was stopped by Yoshizo's strong defense. Jack understood that Yoshizo was stalling, but he didn't know the reason. He finally managed to  destroy  Yoshizo's ace monster, " Hand-Holding Genie ", and inflicted  piercing  damage through Yoshizo's weak  Defense Position  monsters using " Lancer Archfiend ". However, during his Duel with  Jinbei , the second wheeler of Team Taiyo, Jinbei Summoned his own "Hand-Holding Genie". Seeing this, Jack decided to end the Duel as a  Draw . He powered up the attack of "Red Dragon Archfiend" and activated " Shockwave ", destroying "Red Dragon Archfiend". However, only Jack lost all his  Life Points  because Jinbei  activated  " Gift of the Mystical Elf ". At the pit, Jack warned Crow to not let Jinbei continue to line up his turns. After Crow asked him why, Jack answered that it is was a hunch, which unnerved Crow. Jack, along with the others, was surprised when Yusei Summoned " Shooting Star Dragon ". After Yusei won, Jack, Crow and Yusei congratulated Team Taiyo on a good and well-fought match.
 Jack was present while Team Ragnarok explained to  Team 5D's  how they obtained the  Aesir  monsters. Dragan revealed said that he Dueled Jack while he was King. He lost on purpose because Lazar ordered him in exchange for money for his father's medical treatment. This surprised Jack, and he declared that they will settle their score in the match between Team Ragnarok and Team 5D's.
 
         Jack facing  Dragan  and his " Thor, Lord of the Aesir ".     
 A day before the Duel, Jack was upset because he didn't know that Dragan lost on purpose in their last match. He went to Lazar to talk about the Duel, and after he threatened Lazar, Lazar told him that all Dragan said was true. Later, at  Poppo Time , Jack arrived shortly after Yusei and others watched his Duel on DVD.  Leo  tried to cheer him up, saying that Dragan only lost because he wanted money. Jack then began to shout at him, saying that  Duelists  never sold their pride for money (in the dub, he yells at Leo because his title has been a lie). However, Yusei talked to Jack later, and he managed to encourage him. The Duel started on the next day. Jack managed to pass the first corner ahead of Dragan, giving him first  turn . Jack and Dragan both drew the exact same  hand  as they had in their first Duel. Believing it to be fate, Jack began the Duel with same moves as before, but this time Dragan activated  the trap  that he didn't activate last time. Still, Jack countered him with his own trap, Summoning " Top Runner ". He used its effect, powering up "Red Dragon Archfiend". However, Dragan Summoned "Thor" on the next turn. Dragan then used its effect and destroyed "Red Dragon Archfiend". This move shocked everybody in the audience, as well in the pit of Team 5D's. Without his ace monster, Jack powered his defense, but Dragan destroyed all Jack's monsters and lowered his life to a slim 900. However, in a comeback, Jack turned the Duel around by using Blazing Soul and  Double Tuning  for his new ace monster, "Red Nova Dragon", shocking everyone in the stadium, including Team Ragnarok. Even though Dragan puts up a resistant front, Jack still manages to defeat him. Dragan then said to Jack that he now accepts his loss, but that the real winner will be Team Ragnarok. Then, due to its effect, "Thor" revived, lowering Jack's Life Points to a mere 100. When he faced  Brave , the second wheeler of Team Ragnarok, he was defeated thanks to the effect of "Thor", depleting his Life Points and destroying "Red Nova Dragon".
 In the WRGP final, he was the first wheeler from Team 5D's. His first opponent was  Lester  from  Team New World . Jack managed to beat him in a few turns using "Red Nova Dragon" and " Force Resonator . His second opponent was  Primo . Just like with Lester, he defeated him quickly with "Red Nova Dragon", destroying " Meklord Emperor Wisel ". However this was Team New World's plan. When  Jakob , the final Duelist from Team New World, appeared, Jack was defeated with a single attack from " Meklord Emperor Granel ", which had its ATK powered up thanks to " Infinite Aura " and the absorbed "Red Nova Dragon". Jack barely makes it into the pits without collapsing, where he is promptly taken to the infirmary on a stretcher, Carly, Mina, and Stephenie close behind.
 He, along with the rest of Team 5D's, witnessed the visions of the future that the  Three Pure Nobles  showed them. He is in disbelief, unsure of what to think, but continues to believe in Yusei and the future he and his friends are making. After the Emperors fuse into  Aporia , Jack and Crow head onto the  Daedalus Bridge  tracks to support Yusei. He cheers him on as he fights Aporia.
 
 Ark Cradle 
 Jack, along with the rest of  the team , accompany  Yusei  to  Divine Temple . They are split into three groups due to a trap, with Jack ending up with  Leo  and  Luna . The three travel to the center of the structure.
 When they arrive at the gear, they encounter  Aporia , who was revived by  Z-one . He forces them into a 3 on 1 Duel with their lives on the line via  devices attached to their hearts . Jack manages to Summon his " Red Dragon Archfiend ", but Aporia manages to  destroy  it due to a mistake made by Leo. Jack and Luna end up taking a whole lot of damage and collapsing, leaving Leo devastated. However, they manage to get back up and continue the Duel. Later on, Leo is killed after he Summons his " Power Tool Dragon " and Luna's " Ancient Fairy Dragon ". Jack witnesses Leo reviving and becoming into the sixth  Signer . After Leo  Synchro Summons  " Life Stream Dragon ", their lives are saved due to its  effect . Aporia still tries to resist by increasing the  ATK  of his " Meklord Astro Dragon Asterisk " to 8300. However, due to a combo between Leo and Luna, they decrease its ATKs to 2900. Aporia asks why is it that humans keep hurting his heart and wonders if it's because of his despair. Jack explains that Aporia doesn't feel despair, he feels hope. He explains that, while Leo was fighting for Luna, Aporia fought for Z-one, and because he was thinking of Z-one while Dueling, Aporia felt hope. In the end, thanks to Leo and Luna's help, Jack destroys "Asterisk" with " Red Nova Dragon " and defeats him. The three of them escape and continue on to the center of the Divine Temple.
 He and the twins later reunite with Yusei when Yusei defeats  Antinomy , opening the door to the Support Gear. When talking to Yusei, Jack praises Leo's Dueling skills, saying that Yusei should have seen the Duel. After that, when Yusei says that Antinomy was Bruno and that he died to save Yusei, Jack says that they must move forward in order to avenge Bruno. When they find Z-one, Aporia appears and Duels against him in an attempt to reason with him. However, that fails and when Aporia loses, Jack gives Yusei his "Red Dragon Archfiend" to aid him in the final Duel against Z-one. During the Duel, Z-one's mask is damaged and Jack is shocked to see Z-one having the same  criminal mark  as Yusei.
 
 Team 5D's future 
         Yusei  and Jack Dueling for the last time.     
         Jack after defeating  Kalin .     
 Months later, Jack, having received an invitation from the  Ride Ace  Dueling league, is prompted into becoming the World King. Therefore he goes around and defeats the best Duelists he could think of such as  Greiger ,  Sherry , and  Kalin . Soon after, he finds and challenges Yusei to a Duel, which the latter accepts. Despite attacking relentlessly and Summoning strong monsters such as " Exploder Dragonwing " and even his most powerful card, " Red Nova Dragon ", Jack eventually loses to Yusei after his " Red Dragon Archfiend " gets destroyed by Yusei's " Junk Warrior ".
 After this, Jack leaves  New Domino City  behind he is later seen to be the King of the Ride Ace Dueling League, making him the World King, eight years later. He receives a challenge from  Crow , who had recently moved to the Ride Ace League from the  Shingon League . Jack openly welcomes the challenge, declaring that until he beats Yusei in another rematch, he will not lose to anyone. This also implies he has been undefeated the past eight years since his loss to Yusei.
 
 Relationships 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Ever since their childhood, Jack and  Yusei  have been best friends. This lasted up until Jack stole Yusei's  Duel Runner , " Stardust Dragon " and deserted his  Satellite  friends for a life of luxury in  New Domino City . When Yusei defeated Jack during the  Fortune Cup , their friendship began to repair itself. As they spent more time together, they conversed more and managed to patch up their differences. Even though they are best friends, they have maintained a rivalry throughout the anime.
 
 Crow Hogan 
 Crow  and Jack were good friends since childhood as well. Crow was primarily uninvolved in the rivalry between Jack and  Yusei , but after their friendship is repaired, Yusei, Crow and Jack become friends again. Crow seems to dislike some things about Jack, such as Jack often refusing to work while Crow and Yusei had to do jobs to make the rent on their house. Crow also dislikes Jack's stubbornness and occasional refusing to work together as a team with him and Yusei. However, despite their differences, Crow and Jack still deep down always look out for each other and help each other.
 
 Carly Carmine 
         Jack and  Carly  shortly after they met.     
 Ever since the start of the  Dark Signer Arc ,  Carly Carmine  had been trying to get close to Jack, as she wanted to get a "scoop" on him after his loss of his title of the  King . Even though her intentions were at first professional, she developed a caring bond with Jack which blossomed into a friendship. This was especially shown when Carly became a  Dark Signer  and Jack wanted to end the Duel in a  DRAW  so they would both lose together, because during the Duel he realized he loved her. But Carly, using all her strength, overthrew the dark power and depleted her  Life Points  to 0 before Jack could lose. While she was dying in his arms, Carly told Jack she loved him before she vanished to dust (the latter confession was removed in the dub). [14] 
 Since she revived from her apparent death, Carly has joined Jack on various quests throughout the anime, and continuously displays her love for him, even though he ignores it. She always attends Jack's Duels and cheers him on from the sidelines, along with Jack's other "fangirls",  Stephanie  and  Mina Simington .
 
 Leo and Luna 
 Jack acts as an older acquaintance/friend (though initially not close) to  Leo  and  Luna , even though his stern and strict demeanors don't sit well with them sometimes. Despite his tough and mean attitude, he actually does care about them, and always tries to protect then from harm, as shown during their Duel against  Aporia , where he continues encouraging the twins to fight on with hope, and never give into despair. He's also mad at Aporia for involving the twins in their Duel, and always tries to shield them from harm. In return, the twins have come to admire and respect him, and become better  Duelists  under his guidance and leadership.
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Other appearances 
 Jack Atlas (manga) Jack Atlas ( ARC-V ) Jack Atlas ( Duel Arena ) Jack Atlas ( Decade Duels ) Jack Atlas ( Duel Links ) Jack Atlas (Duel Terminal) Jack Atlas ( Duel Transer ) Jack Atlas ( Millennium Duels ) Jack Atlas ( Online ) Jack Atlas ( Tag Force ) Jack Atlas ( Wheelie Breakers ) Jack Atlas ( World Championship ) 
 Decks 
         Jack stands alongside his ace, " Red Dragon Archfiend ".     
 Main article:  Jack Atlas' Decks 
 Jack uses a  Power Deck , centered around  Synchro Summoning  his " Red Dragon Archfiend ". Due to his personality, Jack centres a lot of his tactics around his "Red Dragon Archfiend", supporting it with cards such as " Lineage of Destruction " and " Crimson Fire ". When fighting the  Dark Signers , Jack used cards such as " Battle Fader " and " Crying Ogre " to counter the  attacks  of their " Earthbound Immortals ". After his loss to  Andre  and acquiring " Red Nova Dragon ", Jack shifts his strategy to being more flexible and less reckless, primarily focused on easily  swarming  the  field  with material for his "Red Nova Dragon" through cards such as " Tuner's Reflect " and his " Resonators ". 
 In  Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Demons , Jack's Turbo Deck focuses on Summoning " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode ".
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Magician's Four  member 
 33 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang   member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 2 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 141 Turbo Duelists 
 1  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Dragan 
 123 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Bolt Tanner 
 7 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Hunter Pace 
 1 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 4 - 5 
 No result
 
 
 Hunter Pace 
 8 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 25 - 26 
 Lose
 
 
 Tetsu Trudge 
 29 
 Win (with  Carly Carmine )
 
 
 Carly Carmine 
 58 - 59 
 Win
 
 
 Rex Goodwin 
 62 - 64 
 Win (with  Yusei Fudo  and  Crow Hogan )
 
 
 Don Piero 
 69 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 73 
 No result
 
 
 Syd Barlow 
 76 
 Win
 
 
 Virtual opponent 
 83 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 83 
 Lose
 
 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 84 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan 
 Movie 
 No result
 
 
 Andre 
 98 
 Lose
 
 
 Nicolas 
 105 
 Win
 
 
 Diablo 
 106 - 109 
 Win
 
 
 Max 
 111 
 No result
 
 
 Red Nova Spirit 
 
 112 - 113 
 
 Win
 
 
 Dragan 
 118 
 No result
 
 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 119 - 120 
 Win
 
 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 120 
 Lose
 
 
 Dragan 
 124 - 125 
 Win
 
 
 Brodor 
 126 
 Lose
 
 
 Lester 
 131 
 Win
 
 
 Primo 
 132 
 Win
 
 
 Jakob 
 132 
 Lose
 
 
 Aporia 
 141 - 143 
 Win (with  Leo  and  Luna )
 
 
 Kalin Kessler 
 152 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Greiger 
 152 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 152 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 152 - 154 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Jack is the only Duelist to have beaten  Yusei , although it was in a flashback during episode 2. 
 Jack is the only member of  the Enforcers  who does not have a  criminal mark . 
 Throughout the  5D's  anime, Jack has never lost a Standing Duel.
 This is parallel to  Yusei , who has never lost a  Turbo Duel . 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 1: " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  katsuono ( Katsumi Ono ) at 16:10 March 30, 2011 (GMT) 
 
 ↑   https://twitter.com/yugioh_anime/status/579504583816310785 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 154: " Shining Forth to the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 69: " A Duel With Interest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 114: " Operation: Capture Yeager II! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 115: " Press Him About the Mystery! The Endgame Riding Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 105: " Rook Takes Knight " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 124: " Duel For Redemption " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 120: " Hold Onto Those Feelings! Hand-Holding Djinn " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!  (bunkoban)  Volume 21 : afterword. 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 153: " Clashing Souls! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 59: " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " 
 
 
 [1] Notes 
 
 
 v e 
 Jack Atlas  pages Anime, manga, books 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 
 ↑   Deutsche Synchronkartei:  Tobias Nath 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Jack_Atlas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160620134506', None, None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Yusei%2C_Crow_and_Jack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090414011902', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/Team_Satisfaction.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081121131644', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/5Dx025_Lonely_King_Jack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081101220211', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Jack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110129172208', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/JackAtlasD-Wheel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080406202848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/5Dx026_Crimson_Dragon_Appears.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081003141037', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/5Dx031_Jack%27s_disguise.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081110215158', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/5Dx058_Evil_King_and_Queen.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090630181543', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/D-Carly%27s_death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090523225004', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/YGO5D069.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100206150959', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/NDVD_035-5.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100803093817', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/YGO11-3.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100803093847', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/JackAtlasDevice.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100803095436', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/CrimsonDragonBirthmarks.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100810152641', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Re-Designed_Jack_Duel_Runner.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100211105103', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/5Dx103_Celebration.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100331104618', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/5Dx113_Burning_Soul_-_Jack.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100618200217', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/5Dx115_Jack_avatar.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100628152642', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/YGO5D124.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100825111147', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/5Dx152_Yusei_and_Jack_dueling.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110324161050', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/5Dx152_Jack_and_Kalin.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110325235014', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/JackandNurseCarly.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20081101215133', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/MangaJack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20130104200701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Jack_Atlas_in_UNLEASH.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150503184855', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/JackAtlas-DAR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150131224251', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2d/Jack_Atlas-DD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141025123141', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/JackAtlas-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/122?cb=20181128053529', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/JackAtlasDT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120930141750', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Jack_Atlas-YDT1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141025122004', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/48/JackAtlasMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/152?cb=20190608142956', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Jack_Atlas-Online.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20130818133943', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Jack-TF05.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20101018123126', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Jack-WB01.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130914220526', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/JackAtlas-WC10-1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130814135931', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Jack_With_Red_Dragon_Archfiend.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161025100703']
Categories: Characters, Jack Atlas pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters