Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Spirit_Partner

Spirit Partners  are Duel Monster Spirits that have human partners. Their partners and any other humans that possess the ability are the only humans who can see and interact with them. It's also possible to have more than one spirit partner. The following characters own or have the ability to sense a Duel Monster in one way or another. They are presumably  Ka  due to how  Winged Kuriboh  appeared in a flashback in the manga.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 5   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 6   References 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yugi Muto  has shown the ability to communicate with spirits, though the ability was rarely touched upon. His Spirit Partners appear to be  Dark Magician ,  Kuriboh , and  Dark Magician Girl .  He may also have some bond with  Maha Vailo , as he said this monster is the most like him.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , he is shown to communicate with  Winged Kuriboh . 
 Seto Kaiba  appears to have  Blue Eyes White Dragon  as a Spirit Partner. The spirit told him it wanted to fight during the  Duel  against  Ishizu . Kaiba was even willing to sacrifice a  God card  in order to bring out his loyal servant. 
 Rafael  was able to see the spirits of his " Guardian " monsters when he lost his Duel to Atem, but this was not fully explained. His Spirit Partner appears to be  Guardian Eatos . When he is controlled by " The Seal of Orichalcos " his Spirit Partner is  Guardian Dreadscythe . 
 Joey Wheeler ' s spirit partner appears to be  Flame Swordsman  as it was his Deck Master and he actually turned into him in the  Duelist Kingdom  Saga in a Shadow Game against  Bakura .  Red-Eyes B. Dragon  also serves as a spirit partner for Joey; the monster is said to have sadness in its eyes at the sight of Joey's brainwashed state. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden 's  Spirit Partner in the beginning was  Winged Kuriboh . Later on, he can communicate with the  Neo-Spacians  and  Elemental Hero Neos . He is seen with the spirits of other Elemental Heroes as well, but they don't verbally communicate. He uses  Super Polymerization  to fuse with  Yubel  and forms a temporary partnership with  Honest  before returning it to  Yusuke Fujiwara . 
 Chazz 's  main Spirit Partner is  Ojama Yellow  in the anime, in addition to  Ojama Green  and  Ojama Black , and  Light and Darkness Dragon  in the manga. 
 Aster Phoenix  unlocks his ability to see Duel Monster Spirits after his third Duel with Jaden, Aster can also sense their presence. Aster's Duel Monster Spirit may be  Destiny Hero Dreadmaster ; after Aster decisively defeats Jaden, Dreadmaster envelops Aster and mimics his leave as Aster tells Jaden that he cannot hide from destiny. Also, after Aster and Jaden form the  Ultimate Tag Team , Aster entreats his Destiny Heroes to see if he still controls destiny, Aster's  Destiny Hero Dasher  Duel Monster Spirit later calls out to the Neos-Spacians and initiates a move winning them the Duel, and further showing the bond between Aster and his Destiny Heroes. 
 Jesse 's  main Spirit Partner is  Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle , but he is also able to interact with the rest of the  Crystal Beasts , which he considers his family. 
 Princess Rose  claimed to be able to see Duel Spirits; though no one believed her, Jaden saw a  Des Frog  in a Prince's outfit following her after their Duel, suggesting that she was telling the truth. 
 Chancellor Foster  was the original owner of  Ojama Yellow  before he passed it to Chazz. He could see and hear it, but it is unknown if he could sense other Duel Spirits. 
 Belowski  can communicate with Duel Spirits like Jaden. His spirit partner may be  Mokey Mokey . 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 's  partner used to be  Honest  before he was possessed by  Nightshroud . However, he later got it back from  Jaden . 
 Trapper  doesn't possess a Spirit Partner of his own (he once did, but it was stolen from him by another, unnamed person), but nonetheless, wields the uncanny ability to not only see, but also trap Duel Spirits. 
 Chumley  has  Des Koala  as his Spirit Partner. It's unknown whether he can see other Duel Spirits, but he is at least able to hear them. 
 Mr. Stein  has the ability to only see his own monster,  Scab Scarknight / Scar-Knight . 
 Though  Sartorius  cannot see visually see nor speak to Duel Spirits, he is able to sense them due to his honed psychic abilities. 
 According to  Wheeler's doctor , monkeys have higher ability to hear Duel Spirits than humans, which is why he subjected  Wheeler  to Dueling experiments. 
 Yubel  may be considered a Spirit Partner, though the relationship she shares is mostly harmful to all who come into contact with her, so this is debatable. Notably, however, she does afford great power to those who ally with her, although she often turns on her allies when she has no further use for them. However, after fusing with Jaden and being freed from the  Light of Destruction's  influence, Yubel actually became a loyal spirit partner to Jaden. 
 In the  GX  manga ,  Koyo Hibiki  is the original owner of  Winged Kuriboh  before passing it down to  Jaden . He too is able to communicate with his Duel Spirit.  Midori , his sister , is also able to see and hear spirits. 
 Zane 's  Spirit Partner is  Cyber End Dragon . In  episode 83 , it was revealed by Sheppard that he had a special bond with the monster's Spirit and Zane stated that he could hear it crying out in pain after destroying it with Cyber Ogre 2. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Luna 's  spirit partners are  Kuribon  and  Ancient Fairy Dragon , though she can see the spirits of the rest of her Deck, all of which are spirit monsters such as  Regulus  and  Sunlight Unicorn . She can also speak to the spirits in other Duelists' decks, whether or not that  Duelist  can see or speak to spirits or not. 
 Leo  appears to have " Power Tool Dragon " as a spirit partner, as his dragon has often shown concern for him in his Duels. Leo even asked if it was okay in episode 49, and it nodded, showing that the two can understand each other (whether or not they can mentally communicate like Luna outside of a Duel, is yet to be seen). He later revealed himself in his true form,  Life Stream Dragon . 
 Yusei Fudo  appears to have " Stardust Dragon " as a Spirit Partner, as Luna says in episode 41 "Is Stardust saying he'll protect us?" (when she says this, Stardust Dragon moved a little more in front of them on its own). 
 Akiza 's  Spirit Partner appears to be " Black Rose Dragon ", which is shown after the Duel in the  Divine Temple . After she and  Crow  defeat  Sherry , Crow says in surprise that Akiza's monster protected them, and Akiza says that was what "Black Rose Dragon" wanted. 
 Jack Atlas 's  spirit partner is " Red Dragon Archfiend ", Jack goes as far to refer to it as his very soul. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Astral 's and  Yuma Tsukumo 's spirit partner is  Number 39: Utopia  as he is the  Number  most loyal to Astral and Yuma. This is seen in episode 37 when Utopia protected Astral on its own, and in the episode 38 even left the key because of Astral telling him to go to Yuma. Utopia also left the key in  episode 74  to help Yuma against  Fender . In  episode 111  Yuma says that Utopia is their friend who is always there to give them hope.
 Baby Tiragon  has also been shown to interact with Yuma like a spirit partner. 
 Gagaga Magician  and  Gagaga Girl  may be Yuma's spirit partners, as they are seen interacting in both the Dub and in the Japanese version. In episode 21 (Japanese version only), during the Duel between Yuma and  Lillybot , Gagaga Girl calls Gagaga Magician "senpai", which translates to "teacher" or "master". Also, in episode 77, Gagaga Magician tries to intimidate Caswell when the referee calls him out over the Spellcaster's outfit; and later on in the same episode (Japanese version only), Gagaga Girl is called off the game by Caswell, and she walks off, finding Gagaga Magician and running up to him, calling him "senpai" once more. 
 Rainbow Kuriboh  is also Yuma's spirit partner; he was introduced assisting Yuma in evading  Eliphas , and was subsequently frequently used in Yuma's Duels. 
 Kite Tenjo 's  Spirit partner is  Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon , as it reacts to  Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon  and  Number 46: Dragluon . 
 Mizar  seems to have  Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon  as a Spirit Partner as it reacts to  Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon  and was captured by  Mizar  in  Barian World . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 According to  Leo Akaba , the  Real Solid Vision  technology was discovered in the  Original Dimension , though it was his idea to introduce the technology to Dueling. When produced with Real Solid Vision the monsters become self-aware and could feel emotion, though the consequences were not understood at that time. It wasn't until the start of the dimension's destruction, that he was reminded that Duel Monsters were said to had souls. [1] 
 
 Yuya Sakaki ' s spirit partner is  Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon . He interacts the most with this monster, and like its owner, Odd-Eyes displays a sense of humor in certain situations.
 Stargazer Magician  and  Timegazer Magician  saved  Zuzu Boyle ,  Allie ,  Frederick , and  Tate  from a crumbling building in episode 4. Also, in episode 23, both Stargazer and Timegazer took a bow in the Pendulum Zone. 
 Performapal Hip Hippo  became teary-eyed when Yuya ended his first turn in episode 62. 
 Yuto  has  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon  as a Spirit Partner; it is shown to consent to Yuto giving its card to Yuya, and Yuto later claims to understand its feelings. 
 Yugo  has  Clear Wing Synchro Dragon  as a Spirit Partner, as it conveyed its will to him to fight Yuto and his Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon. 
 Yuri  has  Starving Venom Fusion Dragon  as a Spirit Partner. Yuri's connection with his dragon is the least explored of his counterparts, but he claims to understand its feelings. 
 Z-ARC ' s spirit partners were  Odd-Eyes Dragon , Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon, Clear Wing Synchro Dragon, and Starving Venom Fusion Dragon. Z-ARC could hear their voices and understand their emotions, and their anger eventually convinced him to destroy the world and merge with them into the  Supreme King Z-ARC . 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Duel Monster Spirits