Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ray_Akaba


 
 Ray Akaba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Ray Akaba 
 
 
 Other names  
 Ray-A Zuzu Boyle  (revived identity) 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 赤 馬  レイ 赤馬 レイ あかば レイ Rōmaji: ( Akaba Rei ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Leo Akaba  (father) Henrietta Akaba  (stepmother) Declan Akaba  (younger half brother) Riley Akaba  (adopted younger stepsister) Zuzu Boyle  ( Pendulum Dimension  reincarnation/revived identity) Celina  ( Fusion Dimension  reincarnation) Rin  ( Synchro Dimension  reincarnation) Lulu Obsidian  ( Xyz Dimension  reincarnation) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Duelist [1] 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Emily Jenness Erica Schroeder [3] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Mai Fuchigami [2] 
 
 
 
 Ray Akaba  ( 赤 馬  レイ  Akaba Rei ) is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is the original incarnation of  Zuzu Boyle  ( Pendulum Dimension ),  Celina  ( Fusion Dimension ),  Rin  ( Synchro Dimension ), and  Lulu Obsidian  ( Xyz Dimension ). She was  Leo Akaba 's daughter and a professional Duelist in the  Original Dimension . In her father's place, Ray confronted  Z-ARC , which resulted in her soul being split into four and reincarnated into four different lives. This initiated the  Revival Zero  project with her resurrection being its main focus. She, along with Z-ARC, is one of the true co-creators of  Pendulum Summoning . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Ray.     
 Ray's face is strikingly similar to that of her dimensional soul fragments, but Ray herself is older and taller than they are in the series. Overall, Ray shares a mix of similar traits to those of her four dimensional reincarnations. She has long, maroon and dark red hair, similar in style to  Lulu Obsidian . Her hairstyle is held similarly to both Lulu and  Zuzu Boyle 's with hairclips. Her civilian clothes are similar to the Duel Runner Suit that  Rin  wears. She also wears a thigh strap, similar to  Celina 's  Duel Academy  uniform. When she was first shown on the TV screen in her father's laboratory, her Duelist profile picture showed her wearing pink sunglasses or goggles.
 In her spirit form, she is shown as golden, spectral version of herself with no visible irises. In the English Dub, her breast line is obscured with glow to avoid nudity implication.
 
 Personality 
 Ray's desire to stop her father from being wiped out in his attempt to stop Z-ARC is what caused her to step up in his place to stop his crazed ambitions. She was also shown to care very deeply for her father, as well as the Duel Monsters' thoughts during the destruction. 
 According to her father,  Celina  acted exactly like Ray did when she was younger, showing that she has always been a very willful individual. Considering all four of her reincarnations are pieces of herself, she presumably possesses other traits the girls possess or have in common.
 
 Etymology 
 Ray's last name,  Akaba , means "red horse", Ray's name spelled in Katakana can mean zero, the name derivation from which the Revival Zero Project is named. The other male members of her family,  Declan  and  Leo , both share this character in their Japanese names. Given the kanji "零" for the Akaba family's male, her name may refers to "zero", a reference to her using the natural energy of the world to reset the damage and turn herself and Z-ARC into the  Dimensional counterparts . It also refers to "ray" as in light, given Z-ARC's name similar pronunciation to the word "dark". The name Ray is also a diminutive of Rachel which means "female sheep", possibly refers to the fact that she took everyone's sins of being responsible for who Z-ARC became and the destruction of the original world with her for everyone to "reborn" again into the "new worlds" (the four dimensions). Finally, her name may also refers to  Rhea , the Titan earth goddess of fertility and motherhood.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 In the English Dub, Ray speaks with a voice similar to  Zuzu Boyle , but more mature. Additionally, she briefly speaks with the combined tone of Celina's, Rin's, and Lulu's when she asks Yuya to end the suffering and bring back everyone's smile once more. [4] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Ray's next opponent, No.9.     
 Ray was a professional Duelist in the  Original Dimension  and is first seen as a profile picture on a holographic TV screen in her  father 's lab being matched up against another Duelist called  No.9  in a tournament. [2] 
 
       Ray and Leo escape from Z-ARC's attack.     
 When  Z-ARC  declared his desire to destroy the entire world with his  four dragons  for the sake of fighting, Ray was by her father's side evacuating from the tournament's stadium, witnessing as Z-ARC attacked the audience and fused himself with his four Dragons using " Astrograph Sorcerer ". [2]  She felt the four dragons' rage of being used as an entertainment for humans in a brutal manner (In the English Dub, she also felt Z-ARC's rage at the crowd for their endless and impossible expectation upon him, their insatiable desire for the duel, and that no one accepted his challenge any longer once he was at the height of his fame).
 
         Ray splitting into four while defeating Supreme King Z-ARC.     
 When Leo finished creating the  four cards  to seal Z-ARC away, Ray took them, refusing to let her father sacrifice himself. She confronted Supreme King Z-ARC and used the cards to absorb the natural energy into her body and defeat him. However, the result of their battle led to the United World to be split into  Four Dimensions  while her soul split into four and revived in each of the dimensions as  Zuzu Boyle  ( Standard ),  Celina  ( Fusion ),  Rin  ( Synchro ), and  Lulu Obsidian  ( Xyz ), all of whom appeared near Z-ARC's reincarnations. At the moment of being split, Z-ARC's will to become one again reacted to Ray's will to keep Z-ARC split which resulted in the creation of the  Pendulum Summoning . [3] 
 This incident eventually prompted her father to start the  Arc Project  as a means to carry out  Revival Zero  to rejoin the dimensions into their original form and revive Ray in her original form. [1] 
 
 Duel Academy 
         Ray's spirit conveying her will through Riley.     
 After her father began the process of merging her reincarnations using  ARC-V , Ray's spirit left her fragments to convey her feelings to  Riley Akaba  and she told her to revive her before Z-ARC, or Z-ARC would destroy the world again. She stood by Riley's side in her Duel against  Declan . [5]  She told Riley that Z-ARC's revival was close after  Yuri  absorbed  Yugo . [6]  When Leo activated ARC-V, Ray's soul suddenly disappeared, and Riley found herself unable to hear Ray's voice. However, she wasn't reviving as soon as Leo had expected because he had rushed the revival process and forcefully transferred Lulu, Rin, and Celina before the energy reached sufficient level, leaving Ray as a bodiless spirit within the machine. [7] 
 After Z-ARC revived, Riley could hear Ray again yelling for her father to revive her as she was the only one who could defeat Z-ARC. [8]  She later told Riley that Leo was trying to split the world again using the  four cards  that had revived instead of her. [9]  She explained to Riley that Leo planned to battle Z-ARC with the cards and contacted Riley before she could follow Declan after Declan went to help Leo. She met with Riley inside ARC-V in a visible state. [10] 
 
         Ray Dueling within Riley.     
 When Riley offered herself to become Ray's vessel, she accepted and possessed her body (In the English Dub, While they were running to the battlefield, Ray was asked by Riley how she Dueled Z-ARC with the four cards). They then ran into  Moon Shadow  who took them to confront Z-ARC, intruding the Duel just as Declan was defeated. Ray recovered the four cards from Leo's  Graveyard  and fulfilled the conditions to activate them, which succeeded in destroying " Supreme King Z-ARC  and his  Supreme King Dragons . When Z-ARC refused to give up and persisted that  Yuya  was no more, Ray told Z-ARC that  Pendulum Summoning  wasn't just born from his malice and declared that Yuya still existed within him (In the English Dub, Ray's choice of words is more personal, telling Yuya to break free from Z-ARC and return to everyone who have been waiting for him  [11] . She, with Celina, Rin, and Lulu's voice, also asks him to end all the suffering and spread smile throughout the Dimension once more [4] ). With Zuzu's soul momentarily coming out to reach for Yuya, he fought off Z-ARC's control and  increased  Ray and Riley's  LP , allowing them to activate the effects of the four cards again to deliver the finishing blow. To prevent Z-ARC's soul from splitting into four again, Riley took over for Ray by ejecting her soul out to seal away Z-ARC into herself instead of splitting the  Four Dimensions  as Ray had during their last battle. [3] 
 Following the battle with Z-ARC, Ray's fate was unknown but Declan theorized that she is most likely still inside the remnants of ARC-V. [12]  Leo managed to collect what appeared to be Ray's spirit, though he was unsure that it was Ray and theorized that Ray's fragments would eventually revive as  Zuzu Boyle . [13]  During Yuya and Declan's Duel, Ray began to react and she revived when Yuya won. She then traveled the Four Dimensions and brought all of Yuya's friends and family to the stadium to witness her revival as Zuzu with Lulu, Rin, and Celina’s spirits inside her. [14] 
 
 Deck 
 Most of Ray's deck is unknown, but she is shown to have used the  Natural Energy Cards  to separate  Z-ARC  and his  Four Dimension Dragons . The cards focus on locking down monsters with different  Summoning  methods and changing them into  Normal Monsters . The utilizing of these cards indicate Ray mastered Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Summoning because the Natural Energy Cards require three monsters of each type to be in the graveyard for the continuous spells' effects to be activated. 
 By using " En Moon ", " En Winds " and " En Birds ", Ray can change  Fusion ,  Synchro  and  Xyz Monsters  on the  field ,  Graveyard  or  banished  into  Normal Monsters . Then by using " En Flowers " Ray can negate all face-up monsters effects, including  Pendulum , and destroy them, inflicting damage for each monster sent to the Graveyard.
 
 
 Deck Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 En Flowers 
 En Birds 
 En Winds 
 En Moon 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 No.9 
 126 
 Not shown
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 
 126 
 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Z-ARC / Yuya Sakaki 
 140 
 Win (with  Riley Akaba )
 
 Trivia 
 Unlike  Z-ARC , none of Ray's reincarnations have dueled against each other at any point in the series. In fact, Zuzu and Celina are her only reincarnations to exchange any dialogue between each other. (Given that Celina and Lulu were under the  Doktor 's control during their Duel with  Yuya / Yuto , it is hard to count this as real interaction.) 
 Ray is the first non-main protagonist in the franchise to defeat the main antagonist of the current series. 
 All of Ray's reincarnations have performed a  Fusion Summon  at least once.
 Zuzu in episodes  29 ,  40 ,  43 ,  44 ,  69 ,  77 , and  83 . 
 Celina in episodes  45 ,  48 ,  56 ,  70 ,  84 ,  85 , and  124 . 
 Rin in  episode 117 . 
 Lulu in episodes  119  and 124. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Ray (with Celina's, Rin's, and Lulu's voices):  And end all this suffering! By restoring peace to the Dimensions and make everyone smile again! 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 131: " Sibling Standoff " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 132: " Sleight of Hands " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Ray (along with Riley):  Yuya! Set yourself free! Break free of Z-ARC! Return to us! 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Ray.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190129161551', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/FullRay.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20161009141138', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/No_9_V_Ray.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170121161803', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Ray_and_Leo_evacuated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170121162241', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Ray_Spliting_into_Four_Fragments.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20161016143338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/ArcV_131.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161113151429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Ray_and_Riley.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170129194919']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters, Original Dimension, Dimension Counterparts