Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Advanced_Dark


 Advanced Dark 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In  episode 147 ,  Jesse Anderson , while possessed by  Yubel , uses this card during his Duel against  Zane Truesdale  . He activates this card on the first turn of the Duel. After " Cyber Dragon " attacks and destroys " Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat ", Jesse activates this card's second effect to nullify the damage by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " from his Deck to the Graveyard. After " Cyber Twin Dragon " attacks and destroys " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ", Jesse activates this card's second effect to nullify the damage by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise " from his Deck to the Graveyard. After "Cyber Twin Dragon" attacks and destroys "Amethyst Cat", Jesse activates this card's second effect to nullify the damage by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth " from his Deck to the Graveyard. After " Cyber Barrier Dragon " attacks and destroys " Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle ", Jesse activates this card's second effect to nullify the damage by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his Deck to the Graveyard. In  the next episode , " Rainbow Dark Dragon " attacks "Cyber Barrier Dragon", with the last effect of this card negating the effect of "Cyber Barrier Dragon" during "Rainbow Dark Dragon's" attack. "Rainbow Dark Dragon" then destroys "Cyber Barrier Dragon". This card remained on the field until the Duel was over. 
 In  episode 151 , Jesse, while possessed by Yubel, uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . He activates this card on the first turn of the Duel. After " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " attacks and destroys "Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle", Jesse activates this card's second effect to nullify the damage by sending "Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise" from his Deck to the Graveyard. In  the next episode , Jaden found out through the  Crystal Beasts  that this card is forcing the Crystal Beasts to do Yubel's bidding and in order to free them, Jaden must destroy this card. Later, Jaden activates the effect of " Elemental Hero Storm Neos " to destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. Because of that, all " Advanced Crystal Beast " cards under Jesse's control were destroyed, thus freeing the Crystal Beasts from Yubel's control. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances