Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_078


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 078 
 
 
 
 
 Once again,  Shinji  gathers the support of the  Commons . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 革命 の 嵐 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kakumei no Arashi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Storm of Revolution 
 
 
 English 
 Rebel Road 
 
 
 Number 
 078 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 18, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 3, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 January 7, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshifumi Fukushima 
 
 
 Director 
 Ippei Yokota 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Shoji Nishida 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tomoaki Kado Eri Kojima 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Cons Game " 
 " Road To Rebellion " 
 
 
 
 
 " Rebel Road ", known as " Storm of Revolution " in the Japanese version, is the seventy-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 18, 2015 and in Australia on November 3, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 31, 2017, and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018. 
 While  Yuya  worries over the condition of  Zuzu , he is suddenly called to Duel  Shinji . Yuya tries to argue against Shinji's thoughts to stir up a revolution within  this world , but is backed down to a corner by his opponent's relentless  attacks . At that time, the  person  that has been following Yuya all along starts to...!?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Shinji Weber 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya Sakaki  recaps the  Friendship Cup 's first quarter-final, which saw his friend  Zuzu Boyle  come up against the mysterious  Sergey Volkov . It ended in not only her defeat, but also her crashing into a building after being knocked into the air and off the duel lanes by Sergey's recklessness. 
 Sergey rides victoriously back into the  Duel Palace , and is met by a crowd of stunned and worried faces, including that of commentator  Melissa Trail  who says he's back. He laughs maniacally, and marvels at the beauty of his actions. One of the spectating  Commons  repeats Sergey's "Duelist Crusher" alias in bewilderment, wondering if this is how he wins duels. Even the  Topsiders  cannot believe what they've just seen. Meanwhile, the  High Council  are not impressed with  Declan .  Gael  remembers what he said about  Roget ;  Gray  says Roget's plan seems to be going along nicely.  Azul  and  Bordeaux  wonder why Declan isn't taking any action of his own. (In the dub, the High Council refer to Declan's team instead, and wonder how the  Lancers  can win a war with their Friendship Cup showing.)  As Sergey continues to laugh at his victory with his Duel Runner now stationary and letting off smoke on one side, four  Security  officers storm into the Duel Palace and capture Sergey, who doesn't appear to notice and continues to laugh as Security take him away. The watching Roget knows he surpassed his limits and needs refurbishment. 
 Yuya, however, is impatient, and demands that they help Zuzu. As  Celina  and  Shay  watch on,  Yugo  also worries for Zuzu, shedding tears as he promises to win for her. Yuya, meanwhile, can no longer take any more; he demands to be let out of his room. Just then, Melissa announces the second quarter-final tie as Yuya Sakaki vs.  Shinji Weber . Crow repeats the two names in astonishment (this is cut from the dub).  Sam  opens Yuya's room and is prepared to lead him to the Duel Palace, but Yuya frantically asks about Zuzu, and Sam replies that he doesn't know (in the dub, Yuya also says that someone should be helping her). Shinji appears with his escort, telling Yuya to forget about what happened to her, as with the rest of the losers. The Commons are merely a show put on for the Topsiders; when they break, they're thrown away. Yuya is horrified that it means no one will help Zuzu, and Shinji affirms, saying that it's how their world works and they have to live with it. Zuzu is essentially a sacrifice for the Topsiders to keep ruling, which is why Shinji is working hard to instigate change. Clenching his fist, Shinji says the Commons must unite to overthrow the Topsiders' rule of their world. Pointing at Yuya, Shinji tells him that he's an obstruction to their means. Yuya tells Shinji to forget it; it's more important for him to save Zuzu because of what might have happened to her, therefore, it's not the time to duel. Shinji counters, saying that the duel will prove whether he's right. Facing a Yuya with gritted teeth, Shinji challenges Yuya to prove that the Commons have the power to rise up and prevent travails such as those that Zuzu suffered. Yuya is not pleased to hear that Shinji doesn't care about Zuzu. Shinji clarifies that he cares about what he can accomplish, knowing that saving Zuzu is not possible in his position. This duel is the best chance for them to change the spectators' perspective. Shinji tells Yuya that if he has something important to say, win the duel and tell the spectators.
 A while later, Melissa is on her helicopter as she commentates that the two duelists have met at the starting line. Roget, meanwhile, receives a report that Zuzu is not at the building in which she crashed. Security officers have located her destroyed Duel Runner inside. The officers do not think she could have fallen out of the building and survived by herself. It turns out that Zuzu is actually in a Commons slum, resting on a bed frame and being watched over by the person who saved her, who turns to leave. At the Duel Palace, Melissa puts on the Field Spell " Crossover Acceleration " and begins the countdown to the start of the duel. As Yuya and Shinji race towards the Palace Gate, Yuya thinks that he must end this duel quickly. Shinji moves in front of him, saying that he will go first. When he clears the gate, he riles up the Commons by saying "This is our duel!" 
 Shinji tells his audience to remember how they did it during his duel against  Moon Shadow . Melissa is not impressed that Shinji's trying to provoke the audience again (in the dub, she also says that this isn't the "Frenemies Cup"). Shinji tells the watching Commons that he understands that they're angry, and with him leading, they can use their feelings to force change. With that, he begins his turn by Normal Summoning " Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye ". Melissa notes its low ATK, and the Topsiders laugh, wondering if Shinji's words had no action. Shinji replies that weak monsters like "Pin" are what he and his Commons are forced to fight with, and when they band together, they can make a change, as he will demonstrate. He uses "Pin's" effect to  burn  Yuya with 200 points of damage. He sets a card and ends his turn. As Melissa commentates on proceedings, Shinji says that he may only have one monster, but he has the support of thousands of fellow Commons. He must see the revolution through for the sake of all of them.
 Yuya begins his turn by setting the  Pendulum Scales  with " Performapal Gongato " and " Performapal Extra Slinger ". Using the standard chant, he  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Salutiger " and " Performapal Silver Claw ". After Melissa announces Yuya's Pendulum Summon, Yuya activates " Gap Power " and explains its effect. Shinji wonders why Yuya is using a Spell Card to boost his monster's ATK by just 100 points. "Silver Claw" is then ordered to attack "Pin". Noting "Silver Claw's" effect which boosts up his " Performapals '" ATK by 300. Yuya says that he can end Shinji with just two attacks. Melissa sees this as Yuya trying to  OTK  his opponent, and the Topsiders are impressed. Commons spectators worry for Shinji at this point. Shinji responds by activating his face-down " Battlewasp - Nest ", ending the Battle Phase and Special Summoning another "Pin" to Shinji's side of the field. The Commons cheer at this move. Shinji taunts Yuya, asking if Yuya really thought he would leave his monsters unattended (in the dub, he chides Yuya for thinking he could win that easily). With that, Yuya is forced to end his turn, but thinks about trying to end the duel on his next.
 The watching Celina knows that Yuya is not fully focused on the duel because of Zuzu. As the duelists race past a Topside residence, Shinji begins his turn by Normal Summoning " Battlewasp - Sting the Poison ", then Special Summoning " Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker ". He tunes "Sting" and "Twinbow" together to  Synchro Summon  " Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow ". Shinji proceeds to address his fellow Commons, both at the Duel Palace and watching on television screens, to rise up. All raise their fists in unison while the Topsiders begin to worry. Meanwhile, the person who saved Zuzu is carrying her helmet and racing through the Commons' streets, muttering Yuya's name. As Melissa commentates on proceedings so far, the person who was running notices her helicopter pass in the air ahead of him. Shinji riles up the Commons again before announcing "Azusa's" effect. He uses it to double the effect damage inflicted by his two "Pins". As the "Pins" strike, Shinji accuses the Topsiders of stealing from the Commons; first their homes, second their food. With the Commons riled up, Shinji wants the Topsiders to feel their anger for this injustice. "Azusa" then attacks and destroys "Salutiger", leaving Yuya on 2500 Life Points. The Commons cheer at this move that Melissa commentates. Meanwhile, Yuya wonders why he accepted the duel, knowing that time is running out to save Zuzu. Shinji's last move of his turn is to send " Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter " from his hand to the Graveyard in order to burn Yuya for the ATK of "Salutiger". Knowing that "Azusa" will double the burn, Yuya knows that he'll lose if he doesn't act.
 The person carrying Zuzu's helmet climbs up the stairs of a taller Commons slum, and finally reaches the roof. He looks high over the duel lane and sees Yuya and Shinji riding past. He frantically waves and shouts Yuya's name. Yuya manages to spot this person on the building, a person familiar to him:  Sora Perse . Sora leaps across the roofs of the Commons residences to catch up to Yuya, who is wondering whether he saw Sora just now, and why he ended up in the  Synchro Dimension . Yuya sees Sora on another building within his sight; Sora is pointing at the helmet he's holding. Yuya recognizes the helmet as Zuzu's, then deduces that Sora saved her. The duelists race past Sora's sight, and he decides not to chase any longer. Knowing that, Yuya returns his focus on the duel, where he is about to lose to the effect of "Dart the Hunter". Yuya places his faith in Sora as he manoeuvres his Duel Runner into the air through one of the duel lane's side barriers, and grabs an  Action Card , just before "Dart's" effect lands on him. Melissa commentates as both Commons and Topsiders look on anxiously.
 Yuya reveals that he activated " Acceleration ", which negated damage from a card effect. Shinji curses that an Action Card saved Yuya, but tells him that he won't be lucky during his next turn. Before Yuya begins his turn, he knows that Zuzu tried to convey a message during the duel that she lost. In order to convey  his  message, Yuya must keep winning. He quotes the important things he told Zuzu in his letter, and finally draws to start his turn. The card he draws is " Timebreaker Magician ", which he Pendulum Summons. Because "Timebreaker" is the only monster summoned by a Pendulum Summon, Yuya activates its effect to double its ATK. He then proceeds to destroy "Azusa" using "Timebreaker". "Silver Claw" is then ordered to go for one of the "Pins". Shinji quickly uses "Battlewasp - Nest" to end the Battle Phase and summon another "Pin"; because "Nest" was used a second time, it is destroyed. Yuya ends his turn. The watching Celina notes how Yuya's dueling style has changed. As Declan and Jack Atlas look on, Shinji tells Yuya it's too late to only get started now. He says that thousands of Commons are already behind him, ready to revolt. As the Commons at the Duel Palace get up from their seats for Shinji, he draws to start his turn. Yuya says he will not lose, not with the way he duels. (In the dub, Yuya says he will "win this duel, and win the crowd".) 
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Shinji Weber 
       Yuya  vs.  Shinji .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Shinji 
 Shinji   Normal Summons  " Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye " (200/300) and  activates  its  effect , letting him inflict 200  damage  to his opponent once per  turn  (Yuya 4000 → 3800). Shinji  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
 Yuya  activates " Performapal Gongato " (   2) and " Performapal Extra Slinger " (   6) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Salutiger " (1700/500) and " Performapal Silver Claw " (1800/700) from his hand, both in  Attack Position . As his  LP  are lower than his opponent's, Yuya activates " Gap Power ", increasing the  ATK  of a  monster  he  controls  by half the difference between his own and his opponent's LP. He  targets  "Silver Claw" (1800 → 1900). "Silver Claw"  attacks  "Pin", with the  effect  of "Silver Claw" activating as it is attacking, increasing the ATK of all " Performapal " monsters Yuya controls by 300 until the end of the  Battle Phase  ("Salutiger" 1700 → 2000, "Silver Claw 1900 → 2200). Shinji activates his  face-down  " Battlewasp - Nest ", letting him target a  Level  2 or lower "Battlewasp" monster he controls. If that target or a monster with the same name is targeted for an attack, Shinji can  Special Summon  a card with the same name from his hand or  Deck  and end the Battle Phase. Shinji targets "Pin", Special Summons another copy of "Pin" (200/300) from his Deck in Attack Position and ends the Battle Phase.
 Turn 3: Shinji 
Shinji Normal Summons " Battlewasp - Sting the Poison " (400/800). Shinji then Special Summons " Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker " (1000/500) from his hand in Attack Position with its effects  negated  via its own effect. Shinji  tunes  the Level 2 "Sting" with the Level 3 "Twinbow" to  Synchro Summon  " Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow " (2200/1600) in Attack Position. The effect of "Azusa" will double any effect damage the effects of other " Battlewasp " monsters inflict. Shinji activates the effects of both copies of "Pin", inflicting 400 damage each time (Yuya 3800 → 3400 → 3000). "Azusa" attacks and  destroys  "Salutiger" (Yuya 3000 → 2500). Shinji's hand contains " Revival Swarm " and " Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter ". As a "Battlewasp" monster he controls destroyed an opponent's monster  by battle , Shinji activates the effect of the "Dart the Pursuit" in his hand,  sending  it to the  Graveyard  to inflict damage to his opponent equal to the ATK the destroyed monster had on the  field . Yuya finds and activates the Action Card " Acceleration ", reducing the effect damage to 0.
 Turn 4: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  " Timebreaker Magician ". Yuya Pendulum Summons " Timebreaker Magician " (1400/0) from his hand in Attack Position. As it was Pendulum Summoned from the hand and no other cards were Pendulum Summoned at the same time, Yuya activates the effect of "Timebreaker Magician", doubling its current ATK (1400 → 2800). "Timebreaker Magician" attacks and destroys "Azusa" (Shinji 4000 → 3400). "Silver Claw" attacks (1800 → 2100) a "Pin", but Shinji activates the effect of "Battlewasp - Nest", Special Summoning another copy of "Pin" (200/300) from his Deck in Attack Position and ending the Battle Phase. As the effect was used twice, the other effect of "Battlewasp - Nest" causes it to destroy itself.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Salutiger 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Extra Slinger 
 Performapal Gongato 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Timebreaker Magician Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gap Power 
 
 Shinji Weber Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dart the Hunter 
 Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye  x3 
 Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker 
 Tuner monsters 
 Battlewasp - Sting the Poison Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revival Swarm 
 Traps 
 Battlewasp - Nest 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Card Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acceleration 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 La route de la rébellion
 
 
  Italian 
 Verso la Ribellione
 
 
  Thai 
 พายุแห่งการปฏิวัติ
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/ArcV_078.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151018153557', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/Yuya_VS_Shinji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151108141241', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes