Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Tips:Aegis_of_the_Ocean_Dragon_Lord


 Aegis of the Ocean Dragon Lord 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM 
 
 This card can be searched by " A Cat of Ill Omen ", " Trap Trick " and " Lilith, Lady of Lament ". 
 With " A Legendary Ocean "  face-up  on the  field ,  WATER  monsters which are  Level  4 have their Level reduced by 1 and can be protected with this card. 
 Use in conjunction with other  Spell Speed 2  effects that have the clause to destroy a monster at the end of the turn, provided that the monster in question is a Level 3 or lower WATER monster (4 if "A Legendary Ocean" is on the field). Examples include:
 " Abyss-squall " to revive Level 3 " Mermail " monsters without destroying them, thus setting up an  Xyz Summon  on your next turn. 
 " Oh Tokenbaum! " to swap Level 3 or lower non-WATER Tokens for WATER monsters of the same Level in your Graveyard without destroying them. Since the revived monsters are of the same Level, they can also set up an Xyz Summon on your next turn. 
 " Double-Edged Sword Technique " to revive two of " The Six Samurai - Yaichi ", " Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai " or " Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume " in a " Six Samurai " deck without destroying them. 
 This card works very well in a " Wetlands "-based Deck. 
 This card can prevent the destruction of your " Don Turtle ", " Gigobyte ", " Oshaleon " or " Sinister Serpent " (ideally brought onto the field via " Mother Grizzly " during your opponent's turn) from " Offering to the Snake Deity ". 
 List 
 Level  3 or lower  WATER  monsters that can be applied to this card's effect: 
   Japanese name Primary type Secondary type Type Level /  Rank ATK DEF Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise Ａ宝玉獣 エメラルド・タートル Effect Monster Aqua 3 600 2000 Altergeist Meluseek オルターガイスト・メリュシーク Effect Monster Spellcaster 1 500 300 Amabie あまびえさん Effect Monster Fairy 3 0 0 Amabie あまびえさん Effect Monster Fairy 3 0 0 Amazing Dealer アメイジング・ディーラー Effect Monster Spellcaster 3 0 1000 Ameba アメーバ Effect Monster Aqua 1 300 350 Anchor Moray アンカー・モーレイ Effect Monster Fish 3 900 600 Angraecum Umbrella 相愛のアンブレカム Effect Monster Tuner monster Spellcaster 3 500 1500 Appliancer Breakerbuncle 遮断機塊ブレイカーバンクル Effect Monster Machine 1 0 0 Aqua Snake アクア・スネーク Normal Monster Aqua 3 1050 900 ... further results (291 more) 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Tips