Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Advanced_Crystal_Beast_Ruby_Carbuncle


 Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 In  episode 147 ,  Jesse Anderson  uses this card during his Duel against  Zane Truesdale  while the former was possessed by  Yubel . He activates the effect of " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " to take this card from his Deck and place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. Jesse then activates this card's first effect to Special Summon itself from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. He then activates this card's second effect to Special Summon " Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat " from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Later " Cyber Barrier Dragon " attacks and destroys this card, but Jesse activates the second effect of " Advanced Dark " to nullify the Battle Damage he would take. Jesse then activates this card's last effect to place this card in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. Zane then activates " De-Fusion " to return " Cyber Twin Dragon " to his Extra Deck and Special Summon two "Cyber Dragons" from his Graveyard. One "Cyber Dragon" attacks directly. The second "Cyber Dragon" attacks directly. In  the next episode , Jesse activates " Rainbow Path " to send this card to the Graveyard, negate the attack, and add " Rainbow Dark Dragon " from his Deck to his hand. On the last turn of the Duel. " Cyber End Dragon " (whose ATK was 8000 due to " Power Bond ") attacks " Rainbow Dark Dragon ", but Jesse activates " Crystal Counter " to take this card, " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ", "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat", " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise " and " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his Graveyard and place them in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards. Jesse then sends all Advanced Crystal Beasts in his Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" by 1000 for each monster sent to the Graveyard this way. With five sent this way, "Rainbow Dark Dragon" gains 5000 ATK. Zane then activates " Cybernetic Zone " to banish his "Cyber End Dragon" from the field until the End Phase. 
 In  episode 151 , Jesse uses this card during his Duel during his duel against  Jaden Yuki . He activates the effect of "Sapphire Pegasus" to take this card from his Deck and place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. Jesse then activates this card's first effect to Special Summon itself from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. He then activates this card's second effect to Special Summon " Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. After "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus" (whose ATK was 2600 due to it being equipped with " Crystal Release ") attacks and destroys " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ", this card and "Cobalt Eagle" attack directly. Later Jaden activates " Common Sacrifice " to send both this card and "Cobalt Eagle" to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Elemental HERO Neos " from his hand. 
 Its attack name is  Ruby Dark Flash . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances