Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Archfiend


 
 Archfiend 
 デーモン  ( Dēmon ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Terrorking Archfiend " and " Darkbishop Archfiend " in the artwork of " Archfiend's Roar " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Daemon 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 惡魔 Translation:  Demon 
 
 
 French 
 Archdémon Translation:  Archdemon 
 
 
 German 
 Erzunterweltler Translation:  Archunderworlder 
 
 
 Italian 
 Arcidemone Translation:  Archdemon 
 
 
 Korean 
 데몬   Demon   (romanized) Translation:  Demon 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Arquidemônio Translation:  Archdemon Archdemônio (formerly) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Archidemonio Translation:  Archdemon 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Starter Deck: Yugi Metal Raiders Spell Ruler Starter Deck: Pegasus Legacy of Darkness Dark Crisis Starter Deck: Yugi Evolution Cybernetic Revolution Force of the Breaker Starter Deck - Syrus Truesdale Phantom Darkness The Duelist Genesis Crossroads of Chaos Anniversary Pack Crimson Crisis Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator promotional cards Duelist Pack: Yugi Ancient Prophecy The Shining Darkness Starstrike Blast Extreme Victory Order of Chaos Judgement of the Light Primal Origin Duelist Alliance Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Volume 6 promotional card Duelist Pack: Battle City Clash of Rebellions Dimension of Chaos Shining Victories The Dark Illusion Extreme Force Phantom Rage Blazing Vortex Darkwing Blast Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Summoned Skull Sample promotional card Booster Pack Collectors Tins 2002 Tournament Pack: 3rd Season Dark Beginning 1 Shonen Jump Vol. 3, Issue 1 promotional card Dark Revelation Volume 1 Tournament Pack 6 Dark Beginning 2 Dark Revelation Volume 4 Retro Pack Collectible Tins 2008 Wave 1 Dark Legends Retro Pack 2 Duelist League Demo 2010 Turbo Pack: Booster Two Duel Terminal 2 Gold Series 3 Duelist Revolution Sneak Peek Participation Card Duelist Revolution Collectible Tins 2010 Wave 1 Duel Terminal 3 Collectible Tins 2010 Wave 2 Starstrike Blast Sneak Peek Participation Card Duelist League 2 participation cards Demo Pack Duel Terminal 5a Turbo Pack: Booster Six Duel Terminal 5b Yu-Gi-Oh! Advent Calendar Battle Pack: Epic Dawn Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Duel Terminal 7b Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants Astral Pack Three Judgment of the Light: Deluxe Edition Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack Shadow Specters Starter Deck: Yugi Reloaded Weekly Shonen Jump December 2013 membership promotional card War of the Giants Reinforcements War of the Giants: Round 2 Jump Pack 2014 Issue 1 promotional card Astral Pack Four Super Starter: Space-Time Showdown 2014 Mega-Tins 2014 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Legendary Collection 5D's Mega Pack Demo Deck 2015 2-Player Starter Deck Yuya & Declan Dark Legion Starter Deck 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack High-Speed Riders Yugi's Legendary Decks Master of Pendulum Structure Deck Premium Gold: Infinite Gold Millennium Pack Starter Deck: Yuya OTS Tournament Pack 2 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Legendary Decks II Pendulum Domination Structure Deck Dinosmasher's Fury Structure Deck Duelist Pack: Dimensional Guardians Pendulum Evolution Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge Structure Deck: Lair of Darkness 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 9 Fists of the Gadgets Eternity Code Speed Duel: Battle City Box 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles Maximum Gold: El Dorado Brothers of Legend Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting Legendary Duelists: Season 3 Tactical Masters 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Vol.1 Vol.4 Vol.5 EX Starter Box Magic Ruler (Japanese) Pharaoh's Servant Revival of Black Demons Dragon EX-R Starter Box Booster R3 Weekly Shōnen Jump 2001, Issue 11 promotional card Limited Edition 3: Yugi Pack Structure Deck: Yugi Asia Championship 2001 prize cards Struggle of Chaos Structure Deck: Joey Mythological Age Duelist Legacy Volume.1 Duelist Legacy Volume.2 Power of the Guardian Booster Pack Collectors Tin 2003 Threat of the Dark Demon World Duelist Legacy Volume.5 Beginner's Edition 1 Expert Edition Volume.1 Beginner's Edition 2 Structure Deck: Curse of Darkness Expert Edition Volume 4 Weekly Shōnen Jump 2008, Issue 18 promotional card Tournament Pack 2008 Vol.2 Duel Terminal - Justice Strikes Back!! Duel Terminal - Demon Roar God Revival!! Duel Terminal - Dragunity of the Hurricane!! Tournament Pack 2009 Vol.3 Monster Figure Collection promotional cards Duel Terminal - Vylon Descends!! Duel Terminal - Raid of the Inverz!! Beginner's Edition 1 (2011) Beginner's Edition 2 (2011) Extra Pack Volume 4 Duel Terminal - Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! Duelist Edition Volume 1 Duelist Edition Volume 2 Duelist Edition Volume 3 Duelist Edition Volume 4 V Jump June 2013 promotional card Half-Deck: DARK Starter Pack Volume 1 Memories of the Duel King: Duelist Kingdom Arc Starter Deck 2014 Memories of the Duel King: Battle City Arc Extra Pack: Knights of Order Starter Pack Volume 3 The Rarity Collection Duelist Road -Piece of Memory- Side: Yami Yugi Structure Deck: Devil's Gate Duelist Entry Deck VS Entry Pack V Jump October 2015 promotional card Booster SP: Highspeed Riders Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum Millennium Pack (OCG) Starter Deck 2016 Dimension Box Limited Edition Structure Deck: Pendulum Evolution Structure Deck R: Tyranno's Rage Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links Legend Deck Guide: Yami Yugi VS Seto Kaiba promotional cards LINK VRAINS Pack Structure Deck R: Curse of the Dark Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.1 Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.2 Half Deck 2018: DARK Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.3 Tournament Pack 2018 Vol.4 Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.4 Rarity Collection Premium Gold Edition Phantom Rage +1 Bonus Pack World Premiere Pack 2020 Deck Build Pack: Tactical Masters 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.1 Expansion Pack Vol.2 Expansion Pack Vol.3 Tournament Pack 2010 Vol.6 Tournament Pack 2011 Vol.11 Winter Festival 2011 promotional cards Advanced Tournament Pack 2013 Vol.2 Advanced Event Pack 2013 Vol.1 Advanced Event Pack 2013 Vol.2 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.1 Precious Pack Volume 2 Structure Deck: Cyber Dragon Revolution Deluxe Edition Premium Pack Vol.9 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.4 Duelist Entry Deck VS: Dark Legion Premium Pack Vol.14 1st Wave Premium Pack Vol.14 2nd Wave 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) Yu-Gi-Oh! (1999 flim) Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! R Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Archfiend ", known as " Daemon " (Japanese: デーモン  Dēmon ) in the  OCG , is one of the very first  archetypes  to be defined in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. Members appear in a myriad of sets due to the string required for inclusion being a simple word in Japanese. While many  Duelists  such as  Yugi Muto  and  Jack Atlas  use "Archfiend" cards in the anime and manga as a result, only  Titan  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  and  Raizo Akuma  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  run dedicated "Archfiend" Decks. The majority of the  monsters  in this archetype are  DARK   Fiend  monsters, but there are many monsters of other  Attributes  and  Types .
 The archetype contains the " Red Dragon Archfiend " sub-archetype and the  Summoned Skull  sub-series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Naming 
 2   Themes 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Original Archfiends 
 3.2   Newer Archfiends 
 
 
 4   See also 
 
 
 Naming 
 According to the  Upper Deck Entertainment  website, " Archfiends  are a special category of card. Most "Archfiend" cards can be easily identified by their name. Any card with 'Archfiend' in the card name is an 'Archfiend'."
 This category was officially introduced with the release of  Dark Crisis . Its name, 「デーモン」 ( Dēmon  with the long  ē ) is preferably translated by fans as "Daemon". Some non-"Archfiend" cards whose Japanese name contains 「 デモン 」 ( Demon  with the short  e ), along with cards whose name contains 「 悪 魔 」 among other "demon-like" words, preferably have their names be translated as "Demon" instead to specifically exclude them.
 Since some Japanese cards with names containing 「デーモン」 had already been released in the  TCG , they were retroactively classified as "Archfiend" cards, although their official names were left unchanged. Their  TCG  card text now includes an " archetype condition ", likely because some of them were iconic cards featured in the anime (as opposed to some lesser known cards, such as " Oscillo Hero  # 2 ", whose names were changed instead). Those cards are:
 
 A Deal with Dark Ruler  ( デーモン との 駆 け 引 き) 
 Axe of Despair  ( デーモン の 斧 ) 
 Black Skull Dragon  (ブラック・ デーモン ズ・ドラゴン) 
 Beast of Talwar  (タルワール・ デーモン ) 
 Fiend Skull Dragon  (デス・ デーモン ・ドラゴン) 
 Lesser Fiend  (レッサー・ デーモン ) 
 Shadow Tamer  ( デーモン ・テイマー) 
 Summoned Skull  ( デーモン の 召 喚 ) 
 Toon Summoned Skull  (トゥーン・ デーモン ) 
 Starting with "Axe of Despair" in  Battle Pack 2: War of the Giants , later prints of these cards in the  TCG  now use  archetype conditions  in their  card text  to classify them as "Archfiend" cards. With the release of  Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack , all of these cards have archetype conditions classifying them as "Archfiend" cards. In Portuguese, " Archfiend Soldier " also has an archetype condition classifying it as an "Archfiend" card, although this wasn't added until it was reprinted in  2-Player Starter Deck Yuya & Declan .
 "A Deal with Dark Ruler" was not included on the original list of "Archfiend" cards that do not have "Archfiend" in their English names on the  Upper Deck Entertainment  website, as it had virtually no mechanical impact at the time. However, due to later "Archfiend" support it became mechanically significant, so it was given the archetype condition along with the other cards.
 
 Themes 
 In general, "Archfiends" possess demonic and gruesome features, some even going so far as to have physiques featuring bones and sinew reminiscent of their original representative, " Summoned Skull ".
 Since "Archfiends" have seen many years of release, the archetype has varying appearance themes which change over time. The original unorganized "Archfiends" were generally bony and "horror" themed ("Summoned Skull", " Axe of Despair ", " Lesser Fiend ", etc.). At this point in time, they were not related other than sharing a word in their Japanese names. Since archetypes were not yet officially part of the game, these early cards were not initially translated as members of a group.
 The first members introduced after "Archfiend" became an archetype (except for " Archfiend Soldier ") appeared in  Dark Crisis  and were chess-themed, all being named after chess pieces and featuring a chessboard pattern as the background of their artwork. Most "Archfiends" released since then have lacked the chess motif.
 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Checkmate 
 Checkmate 
 
 
 Darkbishop Archfiend 
 Bishop 
 
 
 Desrook Archfiend 
 Rook 
 
 
 Imprisoned Queen Archfiend 
 Queen 
 
 
 Infernalqueen Archfiend 
 
 
 Shadowknight Archfiend 
 Knight 
 
 
 Terrorking Archfiend 
 King 
 
 
 Masterking Archfiend 
 
 
 Vilepawn Archfiend 
 Pawn 
 
 Each chess "Archifend" featured a dice roll-conditional negation of effects that target them (" Terrorking Archfiend ", " Vilepawn Archfiend ", etc.). This series was the longest-lasting period for the "Archfiends", and provided them with most of their Spell/Trap support, including their first  Field Spell , " Pandemonium ".
 The next wave of "Archfiends" appeared in the 5D's period, and had a sports theme (" Archfiend Interceptor ", " Lancer Archfiend ", " Mad Archfiend "), and for the first time since " Black Skull Dragon " and " Fiend Skull Dragon ", featured a Dragon-Type member: " Red Dragon Archfiend ". This series had no general effect theme or visual appearance (though skulls featured prominently in several of their artworks), but represented a move away from the "bone and sinew" style of the chess "Archfiends".
 The most recent series of "Archfiends" were also designed with the chess-theme in reference to the original attempt at the archetype, with each monster representing a different chess piece.
 
 
 
 Card
 
 Origin
 
 
 Archfiend Emperor 
 
 King
 
 
 Archfiend Empress 
 
 Queen
 
 
 Archfiend Giant 
 
 Rook
 
 
 Archfiend Commander 
 
 Bishop
 
 
 Archfiend Cavalry 
 
 Knight
 
 
 Archfiend Heiress 
 
 Pawn
 
 
 Archfiend Eccentrick 
 
 Gambit 
 
 
 Archfiend Palabyrinth 
 
 Castling 
 
 The appearance of " Archfiend Heiress " as a younger version of " Archfiend Empress " is a reference to how pawns are typically promoted to a Queen when they reach the end of the board. " Archfiend Eccentrick " (a portmanteau of "eccentric" and "trick") represents a gambit, a "crazy" play in which a player sacrifices a pawn or piece in order to gain better board advantage, which is reflected in its effect.
 The release of these Archfiends began in the  TCG,  in  Starstrike Blast , beginning with the North American release of " Archfiend Empress ".  Judgement of the Light  introduced the archetype's second Field Spell, " Archfiend Palabyrinth ", and the 3000 ATK " Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror ". This support continued in the North American release of  Shadow Specters  with the release of " Archfiend Giant " which continued with the global release of " Archfiend Eccentrick " in  Clash of Rebellions. 
 Clash of Rebellions  also introduced 2 Archfiends unrelated to the new chess Archfiends, instead being retrained versions of Summoned Skull (" Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning ") and Black Skull Dragon (" Archfiend Black Skull Dragon ") for the Red-Eyes Archetype..
 
 Deck 
 Original Archfiends 
 Building a Deck around the original "Chess Archfiends" is tricky since they require your  Life Points  as payment and paying is not optional. As a result, your Life Points will be drained very quickly, especially since you must worry about further Life Point drain through battle damage from your opponent. Most "Archfiends" do not have enough attack power to hold their ground. Their most useful ability is negating an opponent's effect that targets them by a roll of the dice. However, this is not a reliable defense, as only two of the cards have a 1/2 chance of negation (although one of them, " Darkbishop Archfiend ", works for any of your Archfiends, including the ones that have their own protection); most have a 1/6 chance, and a couple have a 1/3 chance.
 A Deck built around these cards is difficult to play and does not ensure victory. "Archfiend" Decks rely on heavy support, so try to activate " Pandemonium " as soon as possible, including " Terraforming " and/or " Archfiend General " in the Deck to get it out faster. To help an "Archfiend" Deck run smoothly, it is often advisable to use " Dark Necrofear " or " Plaguespreader Zombie " to get a quick defense if you're in a tight spot. It is highly advisable to make good use of "Archfiends" that don't sap your Life Points but still offer good attack or defense, like " Archfiend Soldier " and " Archfiend of Gilfer ".
 If trying to go for "Chess Archfiend" Deck for novelty's sake, then it is advantageous to make it general  Fiend -themed Deck, adding Fiend support card like " Goblin King ".
 
 
 Chess Archfiends - Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend General 
 Darkbishop Archfiend 
 Desrook Archfiend 
 Evil Hero Infernal Gainer 
 Imprisoned Queen Archfiend 
 Infernalqueen Archfiend 
 Mist Archfiend 
 Nefarious Archfiend Eater of Nefariousness 
 Pandemonium Watchbear 
 Shadowknight Archfiend 
 Skull Archfiend of Lightning 
 Stygian Street Patrol 
 Terrorking Archfiend 
 Vilepawn Archfiend 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator 
 Stygian Security Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Dark Highlander 
 Scrap Archfiend 
 Stygian Sergeants 
 Link Monsters 
 Masterking Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Checkmate 
 Falling Down 
 Foolish Burial 
 Pandemonium 
 Solidarity 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Archfiend's Roar 
 Battle-Scarred 
 Dice Re-Roll 
 Elemental Burst 
 Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan 
 Hate Buster 
 That Six 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Newer Archfiends 
 Take advantage of the high ATK of most "Archfiends", namely " Shadowknight Archfiend ", "Archfiend Soldier" and " Terrorking Archfiend ". "Archfiends" are one of the few archetypes with an abundance of high ATK non-tributers in the game; " Stygian Street Patrol " is an excellent card and can help avoid the Summoning problems usually related to "Terrorking Archfiend". "Summoned Skull" and its  retrained   counterpart  can provide late-game power, as well as receive a considerable boost when used in conjunction with " Axe of Despair " or " United We Stand ". If you can weather the  Life Point  payments, you may be able to destroy your opponent under a barrage of massive attacks. Piercing cards such as " Big Bang Shot " and " Fairy Meteor Crush " can further the punishment, while the "Archfiend's" own innate immunities can provide some defense.
 One potential strategy is to use " Foolish Burials " and " Armageddon Knights " to put at least two " Imprisoned Queen Archfiends " in the Graveyard to give " Terrorking Archfiend " 4000 ATK, then banish an " Evil Hero Infernal Gainer " so "Terrorking Archfiend" can attack twice, then play " Checkmate " to allow it to attack  directly  for a  OTK .
 " Masked Chameleon " can also be used with " Archfiend Heiress ", " Archfiend Cavalry " or " Mist Archfiend " to go into a Level 7, Level 8 or Level 9 Synchro Monster, respectively. "Masked Chameleon" can also be used with "Archfiend Cavalry" for a Rank 4 Xyz Monster.
 "Archfiends" are  Beatdown  Decks that don't rely on Special Summoning, so cards like " Vanity's Fiend " and " Barrier Statue of the Abyss " are great compliments to fend-off Synchros and higher-level monsters. On the other hand, it is very possible to go to the opposite and abuse Special Summoning, both from the Graveyard and the Deck, with cards such as " Archfiend's Roar ", " Stygian Street Patrol ", and " Call of the Haunted ", along with Synchro Summoning higher level Archfiends or fiends to weather down the opponent, such as " Thought Ruler Archfiend ", " Chaos King Archfiend ", or even " Stygian Sergeants ", and very strong monsters that fit with the general Archfiend theme such as " Darkness Neosphere ". As an added bonus, the Synchro Archfiends do not require the payment of life points and in case of destruction, " Pandemonium " allows to search the Deck for virtually any other" Archfiend" to take to the hand.
 You can also use the " Resonators " to incorporate  Synchros  and " Power Tool Dragon " as a means of searching " Falling Down ".
 
 
 Royal Archfiends - Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Soldier 
 Opticlops 
 Summoned Skull 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend Cavalry 
 Archfiend Commander 
 Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror 
 Archfiend Empress 
 Archfiend Heiress 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Chaos Hunter 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Grepher 
 Dark Necrofear 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Fiendish Rhino Warrior 
 Invader of Darkness 
 Nefarious Archfiend Eater of Nefariousness 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Skull Archfiend of Lightning 
 Stygian Street Patrol 
 Terrifying Toddler of Torment 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Trance Archfiend 
 Gemini monsters 
 Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning 
 Tuner monsters 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Archfiend Eccentrick Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Archfiend's Call 
 Chaos King Archfiend 
 Dark End Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Archfiend's Ascent 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Evilswarm Nightmare 
 Gachi Gachi Gantetsu 
 Hieratic Sun Dragon Overlord of Heliopolis 
 Maestroke the Symphony Djinn 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Sword Breaker 
 Wind-Up Zenmaines Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Archfiend Palabyrinth 
 Advance Draw 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Falling Down 
 Oni-Gami Combo 
 Terraforming 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Archfiend's Roar 
 Call of the Archfiend 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Torrential Tribute 
 See also 
 Card Rulings:Archfiend 
 v e 
 Archfiend  cards 
   
" Archfiend " 「デーモン」 Members 
 Annihilator Archfiend Archfiend Black Skull Dragon Archfiend Cavalry Archfiend Commander Archfiend Eccentrick Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Empress Archfiend General Archfiend Giant Archfiend Heiress Archfiend Interceptor Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness Archfiend Mirror Archfiend Soldier Archfiend Zombie-Skull Archfiend of Gilfer Archfiend's Ascent Archfiend's Awakening Archfiend's Call Archfiend's Manifestation Awakening of the Possessed - Nefariouser Archfiend Beast of Talwar Black Skull Dragon Chaos Archfiend Chaos King Archfiend Cyber Archfiend Darkbishop Archfiend Desrook Archfiend Fiend Skull Dragon Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity Imprisoned Queen Archfiend Infernalqueen Archfiend Infernity Archfiend Infernity Doom Archfiend Labrynth Archfiend Lancer Archfiend Lesser Fiend Linkmail Archfiend Mad Archfiend Masterking Archfiend Mist Archfiend Nefarious Archfiend Eater of Nefariousness Number C102: Archfiend Seraph Overmind Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Scrap Archfiend Shadow Tamer Shadowknight Archfiend Skull Archfiend of Lightning Summoned Skull Terrorking Archfiend Thought Ruler Archfiend Toon Summoned Skull Trance Archfiend Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend Vector Scare Archfiend Vilepawn Archfiend 
 Archfiend Palabyrinth Archfiend's Ghastly Glitch Archfiend's Oath Archfiend's Roar Archfiend's Staff of Despair Axe of Despair Call of the Archfiend A Deal with Dark Ruler Gladiator Beast's Battle Archfiend Shield Nightmare Archfiends Simul Archfiends 
 Support 
 Archfiend Black Skull Dragon Archfiend Cavalry Archfiend Commander Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Giant Archfiend Heiress Darkbishop Archfiend Infernalqueen Archfiend Skilled Red Magician Terrorking Archfiend Vilepawn Archfiend 
 Archfiend Palabyrinth Archfiend's Roar Battle-Scarred Checkmate Falling Down Pandemonium 
 Related 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons Berserk Dragon Cave Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Mazera DeVille Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry Pandemonium Watchbear Pegasus/Monster C Red-Eyes Black Dragon Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon Warrior of Zera 
 Contract with the Abyss Crimson Fire 
 
 v e 
" Archfiend " 「デーモン」 a   Members 
 Air Marmot of Nefariousness Archfiend General Archfiend Interceptor Archfiend Soldier Archfiend Zombie-Skull Archfiend's Oath Axe of Despair Banderillero Fiend Beast of Gilfer Beast of Talwar Black Skull Dragon Chaos King Archfiend Darkbishop Archfiend A Deal with Dark Ruler Desrook Archfiend Infernalqueen Archfiend Infernity Archfiend Lancer Archfiend Mad Archfiend Mad Archfiend Matador Fiend Nightmare Archfiend Token Nightmare Archfiends Number C102: Archfiend Seraph Picador Fiend Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Seven-Armed Fiend Shadow Tamer Skull Archfiend of Lightning Summoned Skull Terrorking Archfiend Thought Ruler Archfiend Toon Summoned Skull Toon Summoned Skull Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend Vector Scare Archfiend 
 Support 
 Battle-Scarred Darkbishop Archfiend Falling Down Infernalqueen Archfiend Pandemonium Pandemonium Terrorking Archfiend 
 Related 
 Berserk Dragon Burning Rebirth Crimson Fire Dark Arena Duo of the Seven Emperors Majestic Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry Pandemonium Watchbear Plaguespreader Zombie Red Cocoon Red Dragon Vase Red Nova Red Nova Dragon Red Screen Red-Eyes B. Dragon Red-Eyes B. Dragon Ritual of the Matador Scarlet Security Toon World Toon World 
 
 v e 
" Archfiend " 「デーモン」 m   Members 
 Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Palabyrinth Archfiend Soldier Archfiend of Gilfer Beast of Talwar Black Skull Dragon Chaos King Archfiend Demon's Shackle Jeweled Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Red Dragon Archfiend Burial Red Dragon King Red Dragon Calamity Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Skull Archfiend of Lightning Summoned Skull Summoned Skull Toon Summoned Skull 
 Support 
 Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Palabyrinth Falling Down 
 Related 
 Plaguespreader Zombie Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Archfiend " 「デーモン」 dtz   Members 
 Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Palabyrinth Skull Archfiend of Lightning Summoned Skull 
 Support 
 Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror Archfiend Palabyrinth Falling Down 
 Related 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 
   
" Red Dragon Archfiend " 「レッド・デーモン」 Members 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Support 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane Red Gardna 
 King Scarlet Red Supremacy 
 Related 
 Majestic Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Red Familiar Red Nova Red Nova Dragon Red Rising Dragon Red Supernova Dragon 
 Assault Mode Activate Burning Soul Crimson Fire The Great Soul Red Cocoon Red Dragon Vase Red Reign Red Screen Scarlet Security 
 
 v e 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  レッド・デーモン a   Members 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Related 
 Burning Rebirth Crimson Fire Majestic Dragon Majestic Red Dragon Red Cocoon Red Dragon Vase Red Nova Red Nova Dragon Red Screen Scarlet Security 
 
 v e 
" Red Dragon Archfiend " 「レッド・デーモン」 m   Members 
 Jeweled Red Dragon Archfiend Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Red Dragon Archfiend Burial Red Dragon King Red Dragon Calamity Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Support 
 Red Supremacy 
 
   
 Summoned Skull  デーモンの 召 喚 Members 
 Archfiend's Ascent Archfiend's Awakening Archfiend's Call Archfiend's Manifestation Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning Skull Archfiend of Lightning Summoned Skull Toon Summoned Skull 
 Related 
 Archfiend Black Skull Dragon Archfiend Commander Archfiend Zombie-Skull Black Skull Dragon Linkmail Archfiend Plaguespreader Zombie Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon 
 Contract with the Abyss Makiu, the Magical Mist Toon World 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/ArchfiendsRoar-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120424192243']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s), Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)