Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Dr._Kekeru_Goyu%27s_Shadow_Game


 
 Dark Yugi and Dr. Kekeru Goyu's Shadow Game 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Dr. Kekeru Goyu's Shadow Game 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Dr. Kekeru Goyu 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Yonezato Hospital 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 
 
 Episodes 
 16:  " Breadth's Change - Crisis of the White Robe " 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Dr. Kekeru Goyu's Shadow Game  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime , played by  Dark Yugi  and  Dr. Kekeru Goyu .
 The game was like that of a golf match, with the aim of the match being to make it to the nurse's center in less shots than the opponent.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Nurse Miyuki  had been fired because not only had she turned down Dr. Goyu's offer to a golf game, she had also slapped him in the face for the neglect of not only  Shizuka Jonouchi , but for many other patients who had died in his charge. Unwilling to take that insult to his pride, he fired her as a result.  Jonouchi  had been forced to keep quiet about this, otherwise Shizuka would suffer the consequences by being thrown out of the hospital.
 Sometime later, as Jonouchi goes after the former nurse, as Goyu had been talking on the phone to one of his associates, he hears his earlier conversation about having fired Miyuki due to the events that happened prior. In exchange for Dark Yugi's silence and the tape, the two commence the game.
 
 Game 
 The rules were:
 
 Each player had one ball. 
 To make it to the nurse's center in less shots than the opponent. 
 If Dark Yugi won, he would make the tape of Dr. Goyu's neglect and wrongdoing public. 
 If Dr. Goyu won, he would obtain the tape and Dark Yugi's silence. 
 Dr. Goyu takes the first shot, and the ball makes it to the entrance of the nurse's center. Dark Yugi goes next, using Dr. Goyu's stethoscope as his golf club. He fires, and the shot seemingly goes out-of-bounds, which Dr. Goyu mocks him for as the shot, unbeknownst to Dr. Goyu, was arriving at its' intended destination. As he comes downstairs, however, Goyu's ball is suddenly knocked aside by Dark Yugi's ball. Dark Yugi then explains how the ball had gotten there to begin with: from the mail drop in the nurse's center. The game is over as Dark Yugi had scored a hole-in-one. 
 Furious about this turn of events, the doctor tries to attack him with the golf club, only for Dark Yugi to dodge it and cause the club to break by hitting the ground. He then suffers a  Penalty Game , being tormented by dead patients who had died by his hands.
 
 Aftermath 
 Dr. Goyu is seen writhing on the ground, confessing loudly that he cares more about golfing than he did caring for his patients, by several nurses as Dark Yugi's tape plays, having been driven insane by the Penalty Game the night prior.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei anime)  games 
 Game of Darkness  ( List ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Ushio 
 Dark Yugi VS Jiro 
 Magic & Wizards 
 Dark Yugi VS Shotaro 
 Weighing of the Heart  ( Kanekura ) 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi I 
 Dark Yugi VS Shadi II 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Hirutani's gang 
 Dark Yugi VS Ms. Chono 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Miho and Dark Yugi VS Warashibe 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryuichi 
 Dark Yugi VS Kokurano 
 Dark Yugi VS bomber 
 Dark Yugi VS Goyu 
 Raijinhai  ( Dark Yugi VS Aileen ) 
 Dragon Block 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Himekoji 
 Jonouchi VS Dragon 1 
 Death-T 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Dark_Yugi_VS_Kekeru_Goyu.PNG/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191019154044']
Categories: Shadow Games