Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_016


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 闇夜 のキングゴブリン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yamiyo no Kingu Goburin 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 King Goblin of the Dark Night 
 
 
 English 
 The Duel Giant 
 
 
 Number 
 016 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 19, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 15, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Courting Alexis " 
 " Nature of the Draw " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Duel Giant ", known as " King Goblin of the Dark Night " in the Japanese version, is the sixteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 19, 2005 and in the United States on November 15, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  is assigned by  Dr. Crowler  to find and Duel a mysterious Duelist known as " The Duel Giant " who has been defeating  Obelisk Blue  students and taking their cards in illegal  Ante Duels .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Brier vs. an Obelisk Blue student 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki vs. The Duel Giant 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 It's night at  Duel Academy , and an  Obelisk Blue  student has just lost to a giant of a man, who takes the student's rarest card for winning. He tells him to learn from this experience, and walks off. The next day,  Chumley Huffington  relates a rumor to  Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  about a large Duelist, "The Duel Giant", who has been challenging Obelisk Blue students to  Ante Duels  in the dead of night.  Dr. Crowler  approaches them, and tells them he's giving them a special assignment to investigate the Duel Giant incident. They pay a visit to the Duel Arena, where an Obelisk Blue student is Dueling a small  Ra Yellow  student. The Obelisk has a  Set  card, 200  LP  and " Marauding Captain " on the field, while the Ra has 300 LP and " Mad Sword Beast " in play. Jaden can spot " Earthquake " in the Ra's hand, which should allow him to win the Duel. However, he cannot make up his mind whether to play it first or whether to simply attack. After some chiding from his opponent to hurry up, he attacks. The opponent activates his face-down " Reinforcements ", giving "Marauding Captain" 500 more  ATK  and the win.  Bastion Misawa  comments that the students name is  Brier  and he's a very good duelist, but seems to suffer from a bad case of stage fright, which causes him to make mistakes. Brier departs the arena, and is seen with a much larger Ra Yellow student whom Bastion calls  Beauregard . Syrus suspects he may be the Duel Giant simply due to his size, but Bastion reveals that he's at the Academy to become a game designer.
 Jaden chases them, and accuses Beauregard of being the Duel Giant. Brier states he isn't, and the two depart. That night, the three hide outside of the school and wait. They hear a scream, and run into the forest, finding the same Obelisk Blue student that Brier lost to, who has just lost to the Duel Giant. Jaden tracks the Giant down and challenges him, even agreeing to ante " Winged Kuriboh ". The Giant begins by Summoning " Giant Orc " in  Attack Position , while Jaden plays "Winged Kuriboh" in  Defense Position . The former then destroys the latter, but is also forced to shift to Defense Position. However, the Giant Summons " Second Goblin " and  equips  it to "Giant Orc", allowing it to switch back into Attack Position. Jaden plays " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster ", using its effect to attack  directly  by halving its ATK while in Defense Position, with its ATK halved. This attack blows off The Giant's costume, which consists of tattered Obelisk Blue jackets, to reveal Beauregard. However, Jaden calls for the true duelist to come out. Brier climbs out from behind a nearby rock, where he has been giving Beauregard instructions via headset. The two had teamed up to get back at the Obelisk Blue students who would always make fun of them (Brier for his short stature and Beauregard for his weight). Because he wasn't dueling directly, Brier's true abilities were able to shine through and he won every Duel the Duel Giant had, in contrast to when he duels in person and loses due to nervousness. Jaden convinces them to continue the Duel.
 Beauregard still wears the  Duel Disk , but Brier gives him orders in the open, not via headset. He Summons " Goblin King " and then  discards  " Warrior Dai Grepher " and " Big Shield Gardna " to  Special Summon  two " Half Goblins " via their own effects. "Goblin King" gains 1000 ATK for every face-up  Fiend - Type  monster on the field besides itself, so its ATK is currently 3000. "Goblin King" destroys "Rampart Blaster", while "Giant Orc" attacks directly before switching to Defense Position. "Second Goblin" switches "Giant Orc" back to Attack Position. Jaden draws and plays " Pot of Greed " to draw two more cards. He Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and equips it with " Spark Blaster ", which he then uses to switch "Giant Orc" to Defense Position and the two "Half Goblins" to Attack Position. He then activates " The Warrior Returning Alive " to return "Clayman" to his hand before playing "Polymerization", fusing it with "Sparkman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ". He uses its effect to destroy "Giant Orc", with the equipped "Second Goblin" also being destroyed. He attacks and destroys a "Half Goblin" and then plays " De-Fusion " to split "Thunder Giant" and Special Summon "Sparkman" and "Clayman", who attack and destroy the second "Half Goblin" and "Goblin King", winning Jaden the Duel. Beauregard begs Jaden to only turn him in, and leave Brier out of it. However, Jaden states he's not turning either of them in, but they still have homework to do. Crowler questions how the Duel Giant could just disappear, and how it is that all the cards stolen from the Obelisk Blue students have suddenly been returned.
 
 Featured Duels 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Brier vs. an Obelisk Blue student 
 Duel  already in progress. The  Obelisk Blue  student has 200  LP  and  controls  a  Set  card and " Marauding Captain " (1200/400) in  Attack Position , while  Brier  has 300 LP and controls " Mad Sword Beast " (1400/1200) in Attack Position. Brier's  hand  contains " Gilasaurus ", " Fairy Meteor Crush ", " Earthquake ", and " Goblin Calligrapher ".
 Brier's turn 
"Mad Sword Beast"  attacks  "Marauding Captain", but the Obelisk Blue student activates his  face-down  " Reinforcements " to increase the  ATK  of "Marauding Captain" by 500 until the  End Phase  ("Marauding Captain: 1200 → 1700 ATK). "Marauding Captain" then  destroys  "Mad Sword Beast" (Brier: 300 → 0 LP).
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. The Duel Giant 
 Turn 1: Duel Giant 
 The Duel Giant   draws  " Giant Orc " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (2200/0) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws " Winged Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 3: Duel Giant 
Duel Giant draws. "Giant Orc"  attacks  and  destroys  "Winged Kuriboh". Since "Giant Orc" attacked, it is switched to Defense Position at the end of the  Battle Phase  via its own  effect . The Duel Giant then Normal Summons " Second Goblin " (100/100) in Attack Position. He then  activates  the  effect  of "Second Goblin",  equipping  it onto "Giant Orc". While "Second Goblin" is equipped, "Giant Orc" can switch its  battle position   once per turn . The Duel Giant then activates the second effect of "Second Goblin" immediately to switch "Giant Orc" to Attack Position.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden's  hand  contains " Elemental HERO Clayman ", " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", " Elemental HERO Sparkman ", and " The Warrior Returning Alive ". Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  "Clayman" and "Burstinatrix" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in Defense Position.
 Since "Rampart Blaster" is in face-up Defense Position, Jaden uses the effect of "Rampart Blaster" to let it attack  directly , however its  ATK  is halved during  damage calculation  ("Rampart Blaster": 2000 → 1000 ATK). The attacks hits the Duel Giant (Duel Giant: 4000 → 3000 LP). At this point, it is revealed that the Duel Giant is really Beauregard and that  Brier  was assisting him from behind a rock. After damage calculation, the ATK of "Rampart Blaster" returns to its original value ("Rampart Blaster": 1000 → 2000 ATK).
 Turn 5: Beauregard 
Beauregard's hand contains two copies of " Half Goblin ", " Warrior Dai Grepher ", " Big Shield Gardna " and " The Shallow Grave ". Beauregard draws " Goblin King " and subsequently Normal Summons (0/0) it in Attack Position. He then  Special Summons  two "Half Goblins" (500/500 each) from his hand in Defense Position by  discarding  "Warrior Dai Grepher" and "Big Shield Gardna". The ATK and  DEF  of "Goblin King" increases by 1000 for every other  Fiend - Type   monster  on the  field . There are three, so it gains 3000 ATK and DEF ("Goblin King": 0 → 3000/0 → 3000). "Goblin King" attacks and destroys "Rampart Blaster". "Giant Orc" then attacks directly (Jaden: 4000 → 1800 LP). Since "Giant Orc" attacked, it is switched to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. Beauregard then activates the second effect of "Second Goblin" to switch "Giant Orc" to Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. Jaden Normal Summons "Sparkman" (1600/1400) in Attack Position. He then activates " Spark Blaster ", equipping it to "Sparkman". Now during each of Jaden's  Main Phases , he can use the effect of "Spark Blaster" to switch the battle position of one monster on the field. If Jaden uses this effect three times, "Spark Blaster" will be destroyed. Jaden then activates the effect of "Spark Blaster" three times to switch both "Half Goblins" to Attack Position and "Giant Orc" to Defense Position. After doing all that, "Spark Blaster" is destroyed. 
 Jaden then activates "The Warrior Returning Alive" to  add  "Clayman" from his  Graveyard  to his hand. Jaden activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Sparkman" and "Clayman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant " (2400/1500) in Attack Position. The effect of "Thunder Giant" then activates, allowing Jaden to destroy "Giant Orc". ("Goblin King": 3000/3000 → 2000/2000). 
 "Thunder Giant" attacks and destroys a "Half Goblin" (Beauregard: 3000 → 1100 LP) ("Goblin King": 2000/2000 → 1000/1000). Jaden then activates " De-Fusion " to  return  "Thunder Giant" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon "Sparkman" (1600/1400) and "Clayman" (800/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. "Clayman" attacks and destroys the remaining "Half Goblin" (Beauregard: 1100 → 800 LP) ("Goblin King": 1000/1000 → 0/0). "Sparkman" attacks and destroys "Goblin King" (Beauregard: 800 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The Duelist is known as "The Duel Giant" in the dub, while the Japanese version uses the term "Giant Duelist of the Dark Night". The rare card that he takes from the student at the start of the episode is " Perfect Machine King " in the Japanese version, but is changed to " Mind on Air " in the dub. In addition, the other face-up cards on the ground have no card images in the Japanese version, but the dub adds them - " Giant Rat ", " Contract with the Abyss ", a " Gokibore ", " Elemental HERO Tempest " and " Inferno Fire Blast ". 
 In the Japanese version,  Cronos  offers  Judai  exemption from a Duel theory report in exchange for identifying the giant. In the dub, Crowler offers to allow Jaden to be exempt from homework for the rest of the year. 
 The dub cuts a scene which shows  Ohara  and  Kohara  in their dorm room, looking over all the cards they've won in the  Ante Duels . 
 The scene where Jaden puts up his Winged Kuriboh as his Ante is shortened in the dub. In the original, he explained he got this card from  Yugi Moto , and as such is a rare card. Syrus is surprised/protests that Jaden would bargain "such a rare card", while Chumley reflects that there's nothing to be done "when Jaden is serious like this". The dub cuts the scene right after Jaden holds up Winged Kuriboh, omitting the fact that Jaden and Co. are aware that he got the card from (and subsequently met) the King of Games. 
 In the Japanese version, at the start of his Duel with the disguised giant, Judai notes that his opponent is devoid of any eagerness or other such energy that all Duelists feel. This lets him guess that the true Duel Giant is operating from a distance. The dub doesn't use this explanation. 
 In the Japanese version, Judai claims to Cronos that they were unable to find the giant, while in the dub, he claims he found him and beat him, but he escaped before Jaden could identify him. 
 Errors 
 Before Jaden uses "Pot of Greed" to draw 2 cards, his hand consists of "Elemental HERO Sparkman", "Elemental HERO Bubbleman", and "The Warrior Returning Alive". However, on that same turn, he plays 3 new cards consisting of "Spark Blaster", "Polymerization", and "De-Fusion". While he could have drawn 2 of the 3, he could not have had the third card, as Pot of Greed could only allow him to draw 2 cards.
 It could be possible that it was "Bubbleman" that was changed into one of the 3 cards so that Jaden's strategy could be utilized. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spark Blaster 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 
 Duel Giant Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Warrior Dai Grepher 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Giant Orc 
 Goblin King 
 Half Goblin  x2 
 Union monsters 
 Second Goblin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The Shallow Grave 
 
 Brier Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gobling Calligrapher 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gilasaurus 
 Mad Sword Beast Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Earthquake 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Marauding Captain Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Reinforcements 
 
 Ante cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Air Fortress Ziggurat 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior 
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End 
 Fushioh Richie 
 Maiden of the Aqua 
 Perfect Machine King 
 The End of Anubis Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Traps 
 Divine Wrath 
 Ground Erosion 
 Hallowed Life Barrier 
 Judgement of Anubis 
 Muko 
 The Mystical Guillotine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Series016.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729000043', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes