Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Insector_Haga%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Dark Yugi and Insector Haga's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Insector Haga's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Insector Haga 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi  and  Insector Haga  faced each other in was the first Duel of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 On the  journey to Duelist Kingdom , Haga threw  Yugi Mutou 's " Exodia " cards overboard. In response, Dark Yugi vowed to take Haga out first when they got to  the island . [1] 
 When the tournament began, Weevil, who had gotten a preview of the new rules for the tournament ran into the forest, knowing his  Insect - Type  monsters would benefit from the  Field Power Source . Dark Yugi went after Haga and was challenged to a Duel. The Duel took place in a  Battle Box . The terrain consisted of 80%  Forest  and 20%  Wasteland . [2] 
 
 Duel 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga Summoned " Killer Needle " in the  Forest  ("Killer Needle": 1200 → 1560  ATK ). [2] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Mammoth Graveyard " in the  Wasteland . ("Mammoth Graveyard": 1200 → 1560 ATK). [2] 
 "Mammoth Graveyard" attacked "Killer Needle". At first it appeared only "Mammoth Graveyard" had been destroyed and Haga explained the Field Power Source rule. However Dark Yugi had already figured out the rule and pointed out that "Mammoth Graveyard" had also received a bonus and both monsters had been destroyed. [2] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga Summoned " Hercules Beetle " in the Forest ("Hercules Beetle": 1500 → 1950 ATK). [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Feral Imp " and  equipped  it with " Horn of the Unicorn " ("Feral Imp": 1300 → 2000 ATK). [3] 
 He tried attacking "Hercules Beetle", but "Hercules Beetle" attacked first with "Scissors Boomerang" and destroyed "Feral Imp", who still had 1300 ATK. (Dark Yugi: 2000 → 1350  Life Points ). Haga explained that in the Forest, Insects gain initiative and can attack first. [3] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga passed. [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Griffor " in  Defense Mode . [3] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga Summoned " Basic Insect " in the Forest and equipped it with " Laser Cannon Armor " ("Basic Insect": 500 → 650 → 2600 ATK). [3] 
 "Basic Insect" attacked and destroyed "Griffor". Afterwards Haga laughed that Dark Yugi was not even worth fighting. [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Saiga " in Defense Mode (DEF: 600). [3] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga thought it was not worth the effort taking out such a low  Level  monster, so he  Set  a card in in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  instead. [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Set " Mirror Force " in his Spell & Trap Card Zone. Haga assumed that he just Set a  Spell Card , which would not be of much use. [3] 
 Intermediate turns 
 Over the next few turns, Haga Summoned " Pillroach " (ATK: 1200 → 1560), " Big Ant " (ATK: 1200 → 1560) and " Giant Flea " (ATK: 1200 → 1560). [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi worried about the "plague of insects", but refrained from attacking as it was what Haga wanted him to do. He played an card in Defense Mode instead. [3] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga passed. [3] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi  drew  " Dark Magician " and Summoned it in Defense Mode. [3] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga recognized "Dark Magician" as one of Dark Yugi's best cards and instead of "undiscriminating raining doom" on Dark Yugi, like he was planning, he decided to destroy "Dark Magician" first. He declared an attack on "Dark Magician" with "Basic Insect". Dark Yugi laughed and said "you said attack", a la how Haga had said it to  Ryuzaki , during  their National Championship Duel . Dark Yugi activated "Mirror Force", reflecting the attack on all of Haga's monsters, destroying all of them (Haga: 2000 → 450 Life Points). [3] 
 Haga Summoned " Larvae Moth " in Defense Mode in the Forest (DEF: 400 → 520). [4] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Seeing how weak "Larvae Moth" was, Dark Yugi suspected Haga was planning a combo attack and that his face-down was part of it. To avoid the risk of having all of his monsters destroyed, he used " Monster Recovery " to return all of them and his hand to his Deck and drew 5 new cards. He then Summoned " Kuriboh " (ATK: 350) and attacked. This automatically triggered Haga's Trap Card, which destroyed "Kuriboh" and inflicted damage to Dark Yugi equal to its ATK (Dark Yugi: 1350 → 1150 Life Points), which was a minimal loss to Dark Yugi. [4] 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Beaver Warrior " (DEF: 1200) in the Wasteland. [4] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga laughed that Dark Yugi had done exactly what he wanted him to do. He then  equipped  "Larvae Moth" with " Cocoon of Evolution " (DEF: 400 → 2600). He explained that over the next five turns, it would gradually evolve into " Ultimate Perfect Great Moth ". [4] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Gaia the Fierce Knight " and attacked "Cocoon of Evolution". Neither monster was destroyed (Dark Yugi: 1050 → 750 Life Points). [4] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga passed. [4] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Jonouchi reminded Dark Yugi how important it was that he won and told him to burn down the Forest, if necessary to take out the cocoon.  Mai Kujaku  began to mock Dark Yugi's friends for thinking they could help him by cheering. Anzu disagreed, saying that Dark Yugi would hear their feelings and win. Mai was unconvinced, but noticed how confident Dark Yugi had suddenly become. [4] 
 Taking Jonouchi's advice about burning down the Forest, Dark Yugi Summoned " Curse of Dragon " and activated " Burning Land ", allowing "Curse of Dragon" to destroy the Forest terrain around "Cocoon of Evolution", removing its Field Power Source ("Cocoon of Evolution": 2600 → 2000 DEF). He then attacked "Cocoon of Evolution" with "Gaia the Fierce Knight". This destroyed the cocoon, but "Larvae Moth" had managed to evolve as far as " Great Moth ", which came out of the cocoon. [4] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga got "Great Moth" to take flight, making it immune to any ground based attacks. [5] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi used " Polymerization " to fuse "Gaia the Fierce Knight" with "Curse of Dragon", creating " Gaia the Dragon Champion ", which could fly and equaled "Great Moth" in terms of ATK. [5] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga got "Great Moth" to attack all of Dark Yugi's landbound monsters. This destroyed " Beaver Warrior " (Dark Yugi: 750 → 600 Life Points). He had not noticed that Dark Yugi fused "Gaia" with "Curse of Dragon" and expected it to be destroyed too. Although it was not destroyed, "Gaia" had become infected by the poisonous pollen from the attack, reducing its ATK ("Gaia the Dragon Champion": 2600 → 2100 ATK). [5] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi used " Magic Mist " to surround the monsters in water vapor and remove the poisonous pollen, preventing the ATK of "Gaia" from further reducing. [5] 
 Haga's turn 
 Haga attacked and destroyed "Gaia the Dragon Champion" with "Great Moth" (Dark Yugi: 600 → 100 Life Points). He then began to celebrate that he had won. [5] 
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi laughed that Haga has fallen into his trap. He explained that "Gaia the Dragon Champion" had been decoy and then Summoned " Summoned Skull ". Haga was relieved, thinking he had been worried over nothing. "Great Moth" had more ATK than "Summoned Skull" and if they battled Dark Yugi would lose the rest of his Life Points. Dark Yugi pointed out the real reason, he had played "Magic Mist"; "Great Moth" had become wet and more conductive to the electric attack of "Summoned Skull". "Summoned Skull" ("Summoned Skull": 2500 → 3100 ATK) attacked and destroyed "Great Moth" (Haga: 450 → 0 Life Points), winning the Duel for Dark Yugi. [5] 
 
 Aftermath 
 Dark Yugi took the two  Star Chips  that Haga had wagered, leaving him with none. Dark Yugi noted how the champion of Japan was the first to be eliminated [5]  Since Haga no longer needed his  Duel Glove ,  Katsuya Jonouchi , who still needed one, took it. [6] 
 
 Cards used 
 
 Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Dark Magician 
 Feral Imp 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion 
 Griffor 
 Kuriboh 
 Mammoth Graveyard 
 Saiga 
 Summoned Skull 
 Unnamed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burning Land 
 Horn of the Unicorn 
 Magic Mist 
 Monster Recovery 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 
 Insector Haga Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Basic Insect 
 Big Ant 
 Cocoon of Evolution 
 Giant Flea 
 Great Moth 
 Hercules Beetle 
 Killer Needle 
 Larvae Moth 
 Pillroach Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Laser Cannon Armor 
 Traps 
 |Unnamed 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 5: " Fate on the High Seas!! " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 6: " Let the Duel Begin! " 
 
 ↑  3.00   3.01   3.02   3.03   3.04   3.05   3.06   3.07   3.08   3.09   3.10   3.11   3.12   3.13   3.14   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 7: " The Trap " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   4.4   4.5   4.6   4.7   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 8: " The Ultimate Great Moth " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   5.3   5.4   5.5   5.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 9: " Demon Lightning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 10: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 2) " 
 
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Dark_Yugi_VS_Haga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160109163805']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga)