Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ninjitsu_Art


 
 Ninjitsu Art 
 忍法 「 にんぽう 」  ( Ninpō ) 
 
 
 
 
 Kaze  with " Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing " and " Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Ninjitsu Nin-Jitsu 
 
 
 German 
 Ninjitsu-Kunst 
 
 
 Italian 
 Ninjitsu 
 
 
 Korean 
 인법 忍法   (Hanja)   Inbeop   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Ninjitsu 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Ninjitsu Arte 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Ancient Sanctuary Soul of the Duelist Structure Deck: Lord of the Storm Order of Chaos Darkwing Blast Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 2 Dark Revelation Volume 3 The Dark Illusion Shadows in Valhalla OTS Tournament Pack 20 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack 2012 Extra Pack 2017 Animation Chronicle 2022 Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Ninjitsu Art " ( 忍 法   Ninpō ) is an  archetype  of  Spell  and  Trap Cards  used by  Jean-Claude Magnum  in the  second series anime ,  Kaze  and  Scritch  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL , and  Sun Shadow  and  Moon Shadow  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . They provide  support  for the " Ninja " archetype.
 The archetype's names lack the words for "art" in the French, Italian and Portuguese versions. This is perhaps because the word "ninjitsu" is already unique by itself, but also because the words for "art" may be in unfavorable positions in card names (for example, being completely separated from "ninjitsu", as in " Arte della Liberazione Ninjitsu "), or they may be affected by grammatical number (as in, for example, " Village Caché des Arts Ninjitsu "). In the Spanish version, a backward word order is used for the name to make sure it won't be affected by grammatical number (normally, attributive words follow the main noun, not the other way around like this case).
 
   
" Ninjitsu Art " 「 忍 法 」 Members 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts Ninjitsu Art Notebook Ninjitsu Art Notebook of Mystery Ninjitsu Art Tool - Iron Digger Ninjitsu Art of Dancing Leaves Ninjitsu Art of Decoy Ninjitsu Art of Duplication Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Marching Ninjitsu Art of Shadow Sealing Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation Ninjitsu Art of Transformation A World Shrouded in Darkness 
 Support 
 Baku the Beast Ninja Black Dragon Ninja Blue Dragon Ninja Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo Ninja Grandmaster Saizo Red Dragon Ninja Twilight Ninja Jogen Twilight Ninja Nichirin, the Chunin White Dragon Ninja Yaguramaru the Armored Ninja Yellow Dragon Ninja 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts Ninjitsu Art Notebook Ninjitsu Art Notebook of Mystery Ninjitsu Art of Dancing Leaves 
 
 v e 
" Ninjitsu Art " 「 忍 法 」 a   Members 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy Armor Ninjitsu Art of Freezing Armor Ninjitsu Art of Revival Armor Ninjitsu Art of Rust Mist Armor Ninjitsu Art of Teleportation Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Extinguishment Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Gathering Shadows Barrier Ninjitsu Art of Transcription Great Kite of Ninja Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Shuriken Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Toad Ninja Smoke Ball Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Duplication Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Combustion Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Marching Ninjitsu Art of Mosquito Repellent 
 Support 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/NinjitsuArt.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120530132125']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes