Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Trivia:A-to-Z-Dragon_Buster_Cannon


 A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 This card has the highest original  ATK  and  DEF  of all monsters that can only be Summoned by  Contact Fusion . 
 This monster is a physical amalgam of " A-Assault Core ", " B-Buster Drake ", " C-Crush Wyvern ", " X-Head Cannon ", " Y-Dragon Head ", and " Z-Metal Tank ", being comprised of Fusion Monsters formed from those six monsters as its Fusion Materials.
 "A-Assault Core" - Its body and tail can be seen attached to the underside of "Z-Metal Tank". 
 "B-Buster Drake" - Its head is attached to the left cannon of "Z-Metal-Tank". Additionally, its torso is wielded in the left arm of "X-Head Cannon" as a weapon, while its cannons are attached to those of "X-Head Cannon". Its wings are attached to the tank treads of "Z-Metal Tank". A segment from its neck is attached to one from "C-Crush Wyvern", and is itself attached to "A-Assault Core" . 
 "C-Crush Wyvern" - Its head is attached to the right cannon of "Z-Metal-Tank". Additionally, its torso is wielded in the right arm of "X-Head Cannon" as a weapon, while its missile pods are attached to the tail of "A-Assault Core". Its wings are attached to the tank treads of "Z-Metal Tank", just above those of "B-Buster Drake". A segment from its neck is attached to the head of "Y-Dragon Head", and is itself attached to a neck segment from "B-Buster Drake". 
 "X-Head Cannon" - It forms the head and torso of this monster, and is attached by its spike ball to "Z-Metal Tank". 
 "Y-Dragon Head" - Its head is attached by the neck segments from "B-Buster Drake" and "C-Crush Wyvern" to "A-Assault Core". Its wings are attached to the undersides of the tank treads of "Z-Metal Tank". 
 "Z-Metal Tank" - It forms the abdomen of this monster, with the parts of its other components being connected to it. 
 This card is a rival to " Imperion Magnum the Superconductive Battlebot ", with its artwork even positioned oppositely.
 Both are  Fusion Monsters  whose  Fusion Materials  are composed of two  Level  8 monsters who each require exactly three monsters of a particular set to  Special Summon  themselves. 
 Both have the same Level, ATK and DEF. 
 Both have an effect that negates the activation of card effects. 
 Both have an effect that Special Summons its Fusion Materials in their place. 
 This monster is composed of monsters used by  Seto Kaiba , while "Imperion Magnum" is composed of monsters used by  Yugi Muto . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Trivia