Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_168


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 168 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 卒業デュエル開始 ! ネオスVSホルスの黒炎竜 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon 
 
 
 Number 
 168 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 4, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " 
 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon"  is the one hundred and sixty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 4, 2008.
 Duel Academy 's Graduation Duels begins, and  Jaden Yuki   Duels  a second-year student named  Daigo Sorano . Meanwhile,  Trueman 's attack begins in  Domino City , where he begins absorbing residents into the  World of Darkness .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki vs. Daigo Sorano 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki vs. Ra Yellow student 
 2.3   Trueman vs. Daigo Sorano 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
       Trueman  takes  Tsutomu  to the  World of Darkness .     
 In  Domino City , a small boy named  Tsutomu  cries, bemoaning the fact that he can't become stronger as a Duelist. His eyes briefly glow blue, and a strong wind comes through his window, blowing his cards onto the ground. He goes to pick them up and his " Gigobyte " card turns black.  Trueman  appears before him and informs him that his grief, anger and pain has tainted the card. He recommends that Tsutomu accept the darkness in his heart - in this way, he'll become stronger. Trueman disappears, taking the form of the whirlwind of black cards again, and engulfs Tsutomu. His parents go to check on him, and Tsutomu tells them not to worry, but to follow him to the  World of Darkness .
 At  Duel Academy ,  Chancellor Sheppard  and  Dr. Crowler  announce the start of the graduation Duels. Crowler explains that the third-year students' goal is to obtain one hundred points through Dueling. A loss earns one point. A win against a first-year student earns one point, a win against a second-year student earns two points and a win against a third-year student earns three points. Each student may only Duel the same opponent one time. Once you earn one hundred points, the last requirement for graduation is met. However, students may continue accumulating points past one hundred. The student with the most amount of the points at the end of the year will receive a replica of  Yugi Muto 's Deck, provided by  Industrial Illusions .
 When  Jaden  returns to the  Slifer Red  dorm, he finds a group of students waiting for him. A second-year  Obelisk Blue  student named  Daigo Sorano  challenges him, stating he's always dreamed of Dueling Jaden and informs him that the large group of second-year Obelisk Blue and  Ra Yellow  students behind him also wish to Duel him. At the Obelisk Blue dorm,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Syrus Truesdale  and  Chazz Princeton  find themselves similarly popular targets, as students crowd around, wishing to Duel them.  Atticus Rhodes  is also attempting to find an opponent, and is then cornered by what appears to be the entirety of the girl's dorm, save Alexis, who all wish to Duel him.
 
       The list in  Axel 's van.     
 The Duel between Jaden and Sorano begins, and Sorano mentally thinks that he's studied Jaden's strategy and believes he has a counter that can defeat him. Sorano is playing a  Horus Lockdown  Deck, and Summoned " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 " by the end of his first turn. This card can negate the activation of  Spell Cards , so Sorano believes that will prove to be the key victory, since much of Jaden's strategy revolves around " Polymerization ".  Axel  is sitting a van in Domino City, several computer monitors around him detailing the residents of Domino. One by one, the names of the residents begin to vanish. He calls  KaibaCorp , but there is no answer, and it shows a list of employees on clipboard, which vanish one by vanish, leaving only  Seto Kaiba 's name behind. The city appears completely empty save for Axel himself.
 At the Duel, Jaden plays " E - Emergency Call ", which is negated by "Horus", but Jaden reveals he knew that would happen, and uses the opportunity to  remove  "E - Emergency Call" from play to  Special Summon  " Spell Striker ". Sorano then seals the effect of  Trap Cards  with " Royal Decree ", and reduces Jaden to 1000  Life Points . He then activates " Sealer Formation " to add "Stop Defense" to his hand during his Draw Phase. He is happy and confident since on his next turn he'll finally defeat Jaden. Jaden however says that he has evolved his dueling since he first got to the academy. He then wins by using " Contact Out " to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Neos " and " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab " after destroying "Horus" with " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " via Contact Fusion (which does not use any Spell or Trap cards). After his loss, Sorano wanders through the forest, wondering how his calculations failed him. Because of his anger, his Deck turns black, and Trueman appears before him. Sorano questions who he is, and he responds that he was awakened from the darkness of Sorano's heart. He changes his form, now looking identical to Sorano himself, and states he'll need to get rid of the original. He activates his  Duel Disk .
 Jaden defeats a Ra Yellow student using " Elemental Hero Sparkman " and then notices a flock of black birds over the forest. Trueman defeats Sorano, attacking directly with " Dark Archetype " to win. The black birds swoop down on him. Jaden has a vision as his eyes change to the bichromatic style of  Yubel , and he sees Sorano and other students engulfed in blackness and asking for help. His next Duel is supposed to start, but Jaden tells them all they'll have to continue tomorrow, and calls  Tyranno Hassleberry  to follow him. The two run off. They arrive where Sorano was defeated by Trueman, and find a pile of black-tainted cards. Jaden receives a call from Axel, who informs him of the strange going-ons in Domino City, and requests Jaden join him there. Jaden tells Hassleberry to locate Sorano, and runs off towards the docks. On his way, he calls Chancellor Sheppard, telling him it's an emergency, and he's borrowing one of the school's speedboats. Axel sees Tsutomu and attempts to question him on what's happening as he's the only resident Axel has located. Tsumotu runs, and leads him into a trap. He's surrounded by what appear to clones of Tsutomu, and they merge into their true form - Trueman. Axel gets worried.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Daigo Sorano 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Dandylion " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (300/300) in  Defense Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Sorano 
Sorano draws. He then Normal Summons " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV4 " (1600/1000) in Attack Position. Sorano then  activates  " Level Up! " to send "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV4" to the  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6 " (2300/1600) in  Attack Position  while  ignoring its Summoning conditions . 
 "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" attacks and destroys "Dandylion". The effect of "Dandylion" then activates, letting Jaden Special Summon two " Fluff Tokens " (0/0 each) in Defense Position. Sorano  Sets  a card. On Sorano's  End Phase , the second effect of "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" activates, letting Sorano send "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 " (3000/1800) in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Cross Porter " and subsequently Normal Summons it (400/400) in Defense Position. He then activates " E - Emergency Call " to add an " Elemental Hero " monster from his Deck to his hand, but Sorano activates the effect of "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" to negate and destroy "E - Emergency Call". Jaden then removes from play "E - Emergency Call" from his Graveyard in order to Special Summon " Spell Striker " (600/200) in Attack Position. "Spell Striker" attacks  directly  due to its own effect (Sorano 4000 → 3400).
 Turn 4: Sorano 
Sorano draws " Stop Defense " and subsequently activates it to switch one of Jaden's "Fluff Token" to Attack Position. "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" attacks the Attack Position "Fluff Token", but Jaden activates his face-down " Secret Mission ", which will let him choose on either making Sorano attack one random monster on his side of the field or end the Battle Phase. Sorano, in response, activates his face-down " Royal Decree ", whose effect negates the effects of all other  Trap Cards  while it is  face-up  on the field. "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" then destroys the Attack Position "Fluff Token" (Jaden 4000 → 1000). 
 Sorano then activates " Sealer Formation ". Now during each of Sorano's Draw Phases, he can add a " Seal " card from his Graveyard to his hand instead of conducting a normal draw. Sorano intends to add "Stop Defense" from his Graveyard to his hand and use it to help him win the Duel.
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ". Jaden's hand contains " Elemental Hero Neos " and " Contact Out ". Jaden then activates the effect of "Cross Porter" to send "Spell Striker" to his Graveyard and Special Summon "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" (500/500) from his hand in Attack Position. Jaden then  Tributes  his "Fluff Token" and "Cross Porter" in order to Tribute Summon "Elemental Hero Neos" (2500/2000) in Attack Position.
 Jaden then Contact Fuses "Neos" with "Flare Scarab" in order to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Flare Neos " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Flare Neos", it gains 400 ATK for each  Spell  and  Trap  on the field, and there are currently two ("Flare Neos": 2500 → 3300/2000). "Flare Neos" attacks and destroys "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" (Sorano 3400 → 3100). 
 Jaden then activates "Contact Out" to return "Flare Neos" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon "Flare Scarab" (500/500) and "Neos" (2500/2000) from his Deck in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Flare Scarab", it gains 400 ATK for each Spell and Trap on Sorano's side of the field ("Flare Scarab": 500 → 1300/500). "Flare Scarab" and "Neos" attack directly (Sorano 3100 → 1800 → 0).
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Ra Yellow student 
 Duel already in progress.  Jaden  controls " Elemental Hero Sparkman " (1600/1400) in  Attack Position , while the student controls no cards and has 300  Life Points .
 Jaden's turn 
"Sparkman" attacks  directly  (Student 300 → 0).
 
 Trueman vs. Daigo Sorano 
 Duel already in progress.  Trueman  controls " Dark Archetype " (1400/400) in  Attack Position , while  Sorano  controls no cards and has 400  Life Points .
 Trueman's turn 
"Dark Archetype" attacks  directly  (Sorano 400 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Tsutomu Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gigobyte 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dandylion 
 Eria the Water Charmer 
 Mother Grizzly 
 Unshaven Angler Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Wave Small Wave 
 Salvage 
 Traps 
 DNA Surgery 
 Spiritual Water Art - Aoi 
 
 Yugi's replica Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Beast of Gilfer 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kuriboh 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Magician of Black Chaos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Lightforce Sword 
 Polymerization 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Thousand Knives 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Mirror Force 
 Mystical Refpanel 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cross Porter 
 Dandylion 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab 
 Spell Striker Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flare Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Contact Out 
 E - Emergency Call 
 Traps 
 Secret Mission 
 
 Daigo Sorano Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV4 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Level Up! 
 Sealer Formation 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Royal Decree 
 
 Trueman Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Archetype 
 Trivia 
 The names of  Trueman's victims  include many characters from the  first  or  second   Yu-Gi-Oh  anime series, including  Miho Nosaka ,  Tetsu Ushio  and  Koji Nagumo . 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Series168.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20071229172245', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/DonotletTruemannearyourchildren.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100525111619', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/List.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20110508181214']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes