Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aigami_(Duel_Links)


 
 Aigami 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 藍神 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Sera  (sister) 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Chiaki Kobayashi 
 
 
 
 Aigami  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Aigami , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film.
 He is exclusive to the  special event ,  Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth , only being able to be dueled during the event. He was made unlockable in  Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 3.7   The Shadow Memories: Bakura 
 
 3.7.1   Level 20 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Aigami, also known as Diva, is not only Sera's brother, but also the leader of the Plana - special individuals united together in a collective consciousness. Aigami's desire is to create a peaceful utopia - but to do so, he must prevent the Pharaoh from returning to this world. Therefore, he challenges those who can bring back the Pharaoh: Kaiba and Yugi. While Aigami's motives may appear benevolent, the death of his master Shadi caused darkness and a desire for revenge to grow in his heart.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Aigami Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Change Slime  x3 
 Dorover  x3 
 Gorgon Egg  x3 
 Meda Bat  x3 
 The Drdek  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Final Destiny 
 Traps 
 Graverobber's Retribution  x2 
 Spell Purification 
 Level 10 
 
 Dimensional Truth Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gorgon Egg  x3 
 Leo Wizard  x2 
 Shapesnatch  x2 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x2 
 Meda Bat  x2 
 The Drdek  x2 
 Thousand-Eyes Idol  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Darkness Approaches  x2 
 Traps 
 Hidden Soldiers 
 Triggered Summon 
 Level 20 
 
 Dimensional Sentinel Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gorgon Egg  x3 
 Megasonic Eye  x3 
 Sword Slasher  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Agido  x2 
 Fear from the Dark  x2 
 Sangan  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Demise of the Land 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Yami 
 Traps 
 Hidden Soldiers 
 Level 30 
 
 Dimensional Thunder Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Dark Hunter  x2 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x3 
 Evilswarm Golem 
 Evilswarm Ketos 
 Evilswarm Mandragora  x3 
 Evilswarm O'lantern 
 Fear from the Dark  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Sword of Dark Destruction 
 The Beginning of the End 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Traps 
 Cubic Mandala 
 Hidden Soldiers  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Dimensional Destruction/Reconstruction Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Evilswarm Heliotrope  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x3 
 Evilswarm Ketos 
 Evilswarm Mandragora  x3 
 Evilswarm O'lantern 
 Evilswarm Salamandra  x3 
 Evilswarm Zahak Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Mystic Plasma Zone  x2 
 Traps 
 Cubic Mandala 
 Dark Spirit Art - Greed 
 Darklight 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Dimensional Pair Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Agido  x3 
 Delg the Dark Monarch 
 Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel  x2 
 Evilswarm Castor  x3 
 Evilswarm Kerykeion  x2 
 Evilswarm Ketos 
 Evilswarm Mandragora  x2 
 Greed Quasar Spells  (1) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Darkness Approaches 
 Traps 
 Cubic Mandala 
 Hidden Soldiers 
 Infestation Terminus 
 Triggered Summon 
 The Shadow Memories: Bakura 
 Level 20 
 
 Time for Revenge Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x2 
 Dorover  x3 
 Gorgon Egg  x3 
 Meda Bat  x2 
 Megasonic Eye 
 The Drdek  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Sangan  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Darkness Approaches  x2 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Traps 
 Triggered Summon  x2 
 Level-up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Aigami reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Geira Guile the Cubic King "
 
 
 4
 
 Cubic Seeds ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Aigami)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Aigami)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Geira Guile the Cubic King "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Cubic Karma "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Life Charge ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Geira Guile the Cubic King "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Dimension Summon ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Cubic Karma "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Cubic Karma "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Aigami)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Evilswarm Coppelia "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor "
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Aigami, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " The End of Anubis "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Cubic Ascension "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Cubic Dharma "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Mystical Knight of Jackal "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Tlakalel, His Malevolent Majesty "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gundari "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Garnecia Elefantis "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Emperor Sem "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Alien Infiltrator "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Akihiron "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Change Slime "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Cubic Seeds
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 3 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" to your Deck.
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Cubic" monsters. In addition, the number of Spell/Trap Cards that are not "Cubic" cards must be 6 or lower.
 
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Dimension Summon
 
 Play 1 Level 4 or lower "Cubic" monster from your hand.
 The ATK of the monster you played with this Skill is equal to its original Level x 500.
If the monster is destroyed, you lose Life Points equal to its original Level x 500.
This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Cubic" monsters.
This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Afterlife Lockdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, if a " Cubic " monster you control destroys an opponent's monster in battle, shuffle the destroyed monster into its original owner's Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Cubic Dimension Summon
 
 Send 1 "Cubic" monster you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 "Cubic" monster from your hand that is 1 Level higher than the monster you sent to the Graveyard. The ATK of the monster you played with this Skill is equal to its original Level x 500.
 This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Mind of the Plana
 
 Send all of your opponent's  banished  cards to another dimension. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event Reward
 
 
 Neutralization
 
 Reveal 3 "Cubic" monsters in your hand, and place 1 Cubic Counter on a monster your opponent controls. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, or activate their effects.)
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Cubic" monsters.
This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 You Don't Deserve to Exist in My World
 
 Choose 1 monster that is equipped with your opponent's Equip Card and has at least 1000 ATK above its original ATK, and send it to another dimension. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reload
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Bakura 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Bakura , Aigami announces "It's you! The dark presence inside the Millennium Ring!"
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "The Millennium Ring is the source of all evil." 
 When he loses the Duel, Aigami says "Must I lose everything because of the Millennium Ring?!" or "Help me Sera! Help meee!" followed by "Master Shinnnn!" 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Aigami announces "You require everyone to register their duel decks." followed by, "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you're a control freak." or "You will not get the Millennium Puzzle!" followed by, "I'm banishing you to another Dimension - never to return!" or "We banish evil ones to an alternate dimension." followed by "And there's no one more evil than you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "Unlike your tech, my magic has no limits." or "You've gone to great lengths to create your own collective." followed by "But it's all coming to an end." 
 When he loses the Duel, Aigami says "This isn't the end, Kaiba!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Aigami announces "I must admit that your brother is a decent Duelist." followed by, "But are you?" 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Aigami announces "Yugi, you're just a vessel. You can't win." or "If I destroy the vessel, the Pharaoh can never return."
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "Join us, Yugi. And remake this world into one without hate." 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Aigami announces "Poor Joey. You'll now be banished like all if the rest."
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "Farewell, Joey. Now... begone!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Aigami says "How?! You should be long gone! You should be nothing!" 
 Sera 
 When starting a Duel with  Sera , Aigami announces "Sera... It's too late for you to stop me."
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "Sera, the Pharaoh can't return if I get rid of his vessel." 
 When he loses the Duel, Aigami says "I've never forgotten Master Shin's teachings. However..." 
 Scud 
 When starting a Duel with  Scud , Aigami announces "P-please... Don't hurt me..." followed by "... Heh heh heh. Hahahahahaha!"
 When he wins the Duel, Aigami says "You'll be going to another dimension more fitting for you." or "You don't deserve to exist in MY world." 
 When he loses the Duel, Aigami says "I lost to him?!?" 
 Bakura Ryo (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Bakura Ryo (DSOD) , he says "I will avenge my master!" or "Bakura! You will pay for ruining my life!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Do you now remember what you've done, Bakura?" or "You will say anything to save yourself, but it will not work!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Argh... Bakura..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Aigami Summons " Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor ", he chants  "Witness a form that is grander than a mere king!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Aigami appears, and he announces "Behold, Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Indiora Doom Volt, send 'em to another dimension!" 
 When Aigami activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Indiora, inflict damage!" 
 When Aigami activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Even if Indiora is sent to the Grave, it can use it's effect!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth ", a cut-in frame of Aigami briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Buster Gundil, annihilate!" or "Attack, Buster Gundil!" 
 When Aigami activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By going to the Graveyard, Buster Gundil can use it's effect!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast ", a cut-in frame of Aigami's face briefly appears, and he announces "Step forth, Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Blade Garoodia, attack!" 
 When Aigami activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blade Garoodia's effect activates!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast ", a cut-in frame of Aigami's face briefly appears, and he announces "Say hello to Dark Garnex the Cubic Beast!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Garnex, pummel 'em!" 
 When Aigami activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When this Cubic Beast destroys a monster, it can transform!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Geira Guile the Cubic King ", a cut-in frame of Aigami's face briefly appears, and he announces "Take to the field, Geira Guile the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Geira Guile, pulverize!" 
 When Aigami activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "With the arrival of this Cubic Monster, you take 800 damage!" 
 When Aigami activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "By leaving the field, Geira Guile releases it's Vijams!" followed by "And I add a new Cubic Monster to my hand!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel ", he announces "Appear, Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel attacks!" followed by "Cubic Boost Knuckle!" 
 When Aigami activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Duza the Meteor Cubic Vessel's effect!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Vijam the Cubic Seed ", he announces "Come forth! Vijam the Cubic Seed!" or "In this Duel, any mistake will cost you!" followed by "I summon Vijam the Cubic Seed!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Vijam!" 
 When Aigami activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Vijam departed to another dimension that you can't attack!" followed by "And your monster can no longer attack or use it's effects!" 
 When Aigami activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Vijam returns from the other dimension!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King ", he announces "Observe! Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Vulcan Dragni, go say hello!" 
 When Aigami activates the effect of that monster, he announces "My Cubic Monster deals you damage!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Ascension ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cubic Descent!" followed by "I call forth a new Vijam that you're forced to battle!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Cubic Descent from my GY to use it's effect!" 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Dharma ", he announces "The Continuous Spell, Cubic Dharma!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Aigami announces "By sending a Cubic card to the GY, I can draw a card!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Cubic Dharma to get a Cubic Monster from my Grave!" 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Karma ", he announces "The Continuous Spell, Cubic Karma!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Aigami announces "I send Cubic Karma to the GY to cut your LP in half!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Cubic Karma to add a Cubic Monster to my hand." 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Mandala ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Cubic Mandala to revive your monsters!" followed by "But since they've lost their effects, they're not so healthy." 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Wave ", he announces "You know nothing of power, I play Cubic Wave!" followed by "My Cubic Monster's ATK points are doubled, while your's are halved!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Cubic Wave and Cubic Monsters from my Graveyard!" followed by "Now your monsters are no longer of this dimension!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Aigami Summons " Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord ", he chants  "Witness a form that is grander than a mere king! I channel all the hatred into the ultimate fiend of despair!"  Afterwards, he announces "Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Now which one shall perish? Crimson Nova Trinity, attack!" 
 When Aigami activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I feed my Trinity with your Life Points to allow it to attack!" 
 When Aigami activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Trinity destroys a monster, it can attack again!" 
 When Aigami activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Let me share the pain I suffered with you!" 
 When Aigami Summons " Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord ", he announces "Rise, Crimson Nova!" or "Meet your doom, Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord!"
 Most of the time when Aigami declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crimson Nova attacks! Feel it's wrath!" 
 When Aigami activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Crimson Nova destroys a monster, it can deal more pain!" 
 When Aigami activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Crimson Nova's effect deals 3000 damage to all players!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Causality ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cubic Omen!" followed by "For each Cubic Monster I have, yours leaves this dimension!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Cubic Omen from my GY to use it's effect!" 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Defense ", he announces "Ha, you fool! I activate my Counter Trap, Cubic Defense!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aigami announces "Cubic Defense's effect activates!" 
 When Aigami activates " Cubic Rebirth ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cubic Rebirth! Your attack is worthless!" 
 When Aigami activates " Unification of the Cubic Lords ", he announces "You're in for it now... Unification of the Cubic Lords!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aigami announces "I banish Unification of the Cubic Lords to use it's effect!" 
 Trivia 
 In the voice lines found in the game files, Aigami erroneously labels " Cubic Ascension " as "Cubic Descent". 
 While some Legendary Duelists share cards for which they have card-specific dialogue, the cards within the respective voice files of  Sera , Aigami, and  Prana  are verbatim. 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Aigami,  Yusei Fudo ,  Tetsu Trudge , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  or  Xyz 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra , Aigami, Sera, Prana,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar ,  Blair Flannigan , Yusei Fudo,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Reginald Kastle  are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Aigami's dialogue for such cards include: " Cubic Defense ". 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Zane Truesdale , and  Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo  and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski  and  Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD),  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik ,  Espa Roba , Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/Aigami-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191213101020', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Profile-DULI-Aigami.png/revision/latest?cb=20191211173253', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/CutIn-DULI-Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521115629', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Summoning-DULI-Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521115726', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Defeat-DULI-Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200521115751', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters