Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_036


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 036 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 くだらない 正 義 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kudaranai Seigi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Pointless Justice 
 
 
 English 
 A Bridge Too Far 
 
 
 Number 
 036 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 24, 2018 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 30, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Writing Life " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Mitsutaka Hirota 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuyuki Fuse 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Eran 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Sung-jin, Kang Hyeon-guk 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Hollow " 
 " Out on a Limb " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Bridge Too Far ", known as " Pointless Justice " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-sixth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 24, 2018 and became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. The English dub aired on Teletoon on December 30, 2018 and on Pluto TV March 19, 2021. 
 Specter 's devious  Sunavalon  combo keeps replenishing his  LP  and Summoning  Sunvines , but  Playmaker  never lets up his attacks. Playmaker manages to figure out its weak point, and comes up with a plan to counter it, but...
 
 Summary 
 Specter makes a bold claim. He says that he can't be defeated, and therefore, Playmaker can't stop  Varis  from destroying  LINK VRAINS  and the  Ignis . Playmaker points at Specter, saying that he'll be destroyed as well. Specter says he knows, and for as long as believes in Varis, that is of no matter to him. Playmaker vows that he will stop Varis and save LINK VRAINS. Specter dares Playmaker to do the impossible, then.
 Playmaker proceeds with the duel. He is shocked that Specter is able to Link Summon during the opponent's turn. Specter simply says the worst is yet to come, using " Sunavalon Glorious Growth 's" effect to whip 1200 Life Points out of Playmaker. Ai makes a comment, and Playmaker says he sees how  Blue Angel  was defeated. Specter reminds Playmaker that his " Sunavalon Dryanome " can't be attacked. Ai notes that it also means that Specter can be attacked directly, and Playmaker follows up with his next attack. 
 Specter takes the damage, then mentions that "Glorious Growth's" effect is more than once per turn. Ai notes that Playmaker's giving his opponent advantage just by attacking. However, Playmaker then uses " Multi Sledgehammer 's" effects to attack Specter directly for 4000 damage. Specter plays a mind game with his opponent, then reveals that "Glorious Growth" has another more-than-once-per-turn effect. He uses it to redirect the attack, follow the usual procedure and send Playmaker back to square one again. After the destroyed " Sunvine Gardna " ends Playmaker's Battle Phase, Ai tells Playmaker that they at least know what doesn't work, and Specter agrees. 
 While Playmaker ends his turn,  Frog  and  Pigeon  continue to lead the LINK VRAINS live feed astray. Frog gets impatient with Pigeon's slow flying. Just then, Pigeon spots a duel taking place on the bridge. Frog, however, tells Pigeon to stop because the bridge in front of them is disintegrating.  Kolter  notices what the live feed is capturing, and smiles. It is inferred that he sent the email to Pigeon. However, Kolter sees that Playmaker is dueling Specter, the one who defeated Blue Angel, and gets worried. Back at the duel, Specter taunts Playmaker once more, claiming that the revenge has gotten into Playmaker's head - he could've found a positive from his Lost Incident experience like Specter did. At that point, one of the bridge cables collapse, and Playmaker barks at Specter again. Specter clearly doesn't listen and continues with the duel.
 When Specter enters his Battle Phase, Frog and Pigeon notice " Sunvine Thrasher 's" attack, and become partial to Playmaker. However, to Playmaker's surprise, he sees the attacked monster, " Binary Blader ", revived on Specter's field. This also causes Frog and Pigeon to cry out. However, it is what Playmaker wants, since, similar to what Blue Angel observed from before, if "Dryanome's" links are occupied, it can't use its effect to give Specter Life Points, because it's reliant on Special Summoning to those links. Specter plays another mind game on Playmaker; he says it doesn't stop him from doing another  Link Summon . Specter plays the Link-2 " Sunavalon Daphne " which has a vacant Link Point. "Daphne's" effect then frees up one of "Dryanome's" Link Points by tributing "Binary Blader". At the end of Specter's turn, another bridge cable collapses.
 In fact, an entire side of the bridge severs, only for "Dryanome" to transform some of its vines into cable support to keep the bridge in place. During Playmaker's turn, when " Draconnet " is summoned, Ai makes a comment about its wings, which makes Playmaker retort that he wants the bridge to fall. When Playmaker summons " Excode Talker " and " Underclock Taker " before using the former's effect, Specter still thinks he can't be touched. But then Specter gasps when "Excode Talker's" effect to block zones is used, meaning that he can't use "Dryanome's" effect. Desperation creeps in on Specter when "Thrasher" is weakened by "Underclock Taker's" effect - he thought his perfect strategy couldn't be broken. Playmaker proved Specter wrong, didn't he? 
 Specter therefore plays the ultimate distraction technique. He clicks his fingers to materialize a hologram of the trapped  Akira Zaizen . Kolter sees this inside the safety of  Café Nom  and gasps. Playmaker doesn't care that his opponent is trying to dangle a hostage in front of him. Specter makes him think otherwise by revealing that the more damage he takes from the duel, the longer the thorns will grow, eventually touching Akira and turning him into data. Ai protests that Specter is cheating. So what, says Specter, as he laughs again. He issues Playmaker an ultimatum - attack Specter and lose Akira, or refrain and lose LINK VRAINS. Akira tells Playmaker to focus on the duel. However, Playmaker is disarmed enough to end his turn, making Ai protest.
 Specter grins, saying that Playmaker doesn't have the conscience to make tough decisions. If Specter were Playmaker, he would have gotten his revenge on the Knights of Hanoi. But now, Specter has another turn and he'll make it count. He'll make sure Playmaker's guilty of what he does or does not, but would Playmaker even feel guilt once he ceases to exist? Specter also mentions that "Underclock Taker's" effect expires because he ended his turn, and reminds Playmaker who's to blame for his latest loss? Not Specter. With that, the duel continues. After " Sunavalon Force " deals Playmaker damage, more cables on the bridge are severed, and the bridge starts to collapse.
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Specter 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
As a  Cyberse   Link Monster   battled ,  Playmaker   activates  the  effect  of " Multi Sledgehammer ", giving it a  Hammer Counter  ("Multi Sledgehammer": 0 → 1 Hammer Counter). As it was  co-linked  to two  monsters , Playmaker activates the effect of " Binary Sorceress " to halve the  ATK  of a monster he  controls , then increasing the ATK of another monster he controls by the same value until the  End Phase . He halves the ATK of "Binary Sorceress" and increases the ATK of "Binary Blader" ("Binary Sorceress": 1600 → 800 ATK, "Binary Blader": 1800 → 2600 ATK). "Binary Blader" attacks " Sunvine Gardna ". As "Binary Blader" battled, Playmaker activates its effect, making the opponent's monster unable to be  destroyed by that battle , also it can make a second attack.  Specter  activates the effect of "Gardna" to reduce the  battle damage  he would take by 800 for every  Link Arrow  a " Sunavalon "  Link Monster  that  points to  it has, in this case, one. The attack continues, but "Gardna" is not  destroyed  (Specter: 4000 → 2800 LP). As a monster co-linked to "Binary Sorceress" inflicted battle damage, Playmaker activates its effect, gaining  LP  equal to the damage dealt (Playmaker: 4000 → 5200 LP) and as a Cyberse Link Monster battled, Playmaker activates the effect of "Multi Sledgehammer" ("Multi Sledgehammer": 1 → 2 Hammer Counter). As Specter took battle damage, he activates his  face-down   Continuous Trap Card  " Sunavalon Glorious Growth ",  Special Summoning  a " Sunvine Token " (0/0), then letting him  Link Summon  using it and monsters he controls as  Link Material . Specter uses the "Sunvine Token", "Gardna" and " Sunavalon Dryas " to Link Summon " Sunavalon Dryanome " (0/LINK-3/↙↓↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . Specter then activates the effect of "Glorious Growth", gaining LP equal to the damage taken, then inflicting that amount as damage to Playmaker (Specter: 2800 → 4000 LP; Playmaker: 5200 → 4000 LP).
 "Binary Blader" attacks  directly , with the effects of "Binary Sorceress" and "Multi Sledgehammer" following after (Specter: 4000 → 1400 LP; Playmaker: 4000 → 6600 LP; "Multi Sledgehammer": 2 → 3 Hammer Counter). As Specter took battle damage, he activates the effect of "Dryanome", which allows him to Special Summon a " Sunvine " Link Monster from his  Extra Deck  to a  zone  it points to, then he gains LP equal to the damage he took. Specter Special Summons "Sunvine Gardna" (600/LINK-1/↑) to the zone the bottom Link Arrow of "Dryanome" points to, and gains LP (Specter: 1400 → 4000 LP). As Specter gained LP, he activates the effect of "Glorious Growth", inflicting that amount as damage to Playmaker (Playmaker: 6600 → 4000 LP).
 As "Multi Sledgehammer" is co-linked to a Cyberse monster, it can attack directly. "Multi Sledgehammer" attacks directly. As "Multi Sledgehammer" attacked, Playmaker activates its effect, removing all Hammer Counters from "Multi Sledgehammer" to increase its ATK by 1000 for each Hammer Counter removed ("Multi Sledgehammer": 3 → 0 Hammer Counter; 1000 → 4000 ATK) until the End Phase. As Playmaker's monster attacked directly, Specter activates the effect of "Glorious Growth" to  negate  the attack then redirect that attack to a "Sunvine" monster he controls. He redirects the attack to "Gardna", with the effect of "Gardna" reducing the battle damage he would take by 800 for every Link Arrow a "Sunavalon" Link Monster that points to it has, in this case, three. "Gardna" is destroyed, with the effect of "Binary Sorceress" following after (Specter: 4000 → 3000 LP; Playmaker: 4000 → 5000 LP). Specter activates the effects of "Dryanome" and "Glorious Growth" in sequence, Special Summoning "Gardna" to the zone the bottom-left Link Arrow of "Dryanome" points to (Specter: 3000 → 4000 LP; Playmaker: 5000 → 4000 LP). As "Gardna" was destroyed and  sent  to the  GY , Specter activates its effect to end the  Battle Phase . Playmaker  Sets  a card.
 Turn 3: Specter 
Specter sends a card from his hand to the GY to activate the  Continuous Spell Card  " Sunvine Shrine ".  Once per turn , Specter can Special Summon a  Level  4 or lower  Plant   Normal Monster  from his GY. He Special Summon " Sunseed Genius Loci " (0/600) from the GY. Specter uses "Genius Loci" to Link Summon " Sunvine Thrasher " (800/LINK-1/↓) to the zone the bottom-right Link Arrow of "Dryanome" points to. Specter activates the effect of "Thrasher", which lets him increase its ATK by 800 for every Link Arrow a "Sunavalon" Link Monster that points to it has, in this case three ("Thrasher": 800 → 3200 ATK).
 "Thrasher" attacks "Binary Blader". Playmaker activates the effect of "Binary Sorceress" to halve the ATK of "Multi Sledgehammer" and increase the ATK of "Binary Blader" by the lost ATK ("Multi Sledgehammer": 1000 → 500 ATK; "Binary Blader": 1800 → 2300 ATK). "Thrasher" destroys "Binary Blader" (Playmaker: 4000 → 3100 LP). As "Thrasher" destroyed a monster by battle, Specter activates its effect, Special Summoning that monster to a zone a "Sunavalon" Link Monster points to. He Special Summons "Binary Blader" (1800/LINK-2/←→) to the zone the bottom Link Arrow of "Dryanome" points to. "Binary Blader" attacks and destroys "Binary Sorceress" (Playmaker: 3100 → 2900 LP).
 Specter Normal Summons "Genius Loci" (0/600). Specter uses "Genius Loci" and "Gardna" to Link Summon " Sunavalon Daphne " (0/LINK-2/←→) to the zone the bottom-left Link Arrow of "Dryanome" points to. Specter  Tributes  "Binary Blader" to activate the effect of "Daphne",  returning  both copies of "Gardna" in his GY to his Extra Deck. Specter Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Playmaker 
Specter activates the Continuous Trap Card " Sunavalon Force ". While "Force" is on the field, "Sunavalon" monsters cannot be  targeted  by Playmaker's card effects. Playmaker Normal Summons " Draconnet ". As "Draconnet" was Normal Summoned, Playmaker activates its effect, Special Summoning a Level 2 or lower Normal Monster from his hand or  Deck  in  Defense Position . He Special Summons " Bitron " (200/2000). Playmaker uses "Bitron" to Link Summon " Link Spider " (1000/LINK-1/↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. Playmaker activates the effect of "Link Spider", Special Summoning a Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from his hand to a zone it points to. He Special Summons " Digitron " (1500/0) to the zone the bottom Link Arrow of "Link Spider" points to. Playmaker uses "Link Spider" and "Draconnet" to Link Summon " Underclock Taker " (1000/LINK-2/←↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. Playmaker uses "Digitron" and the Link-2 "Multi Sledgehammer" to Link Summon " Excode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/←↑→) to the zone the bottom Link Arrow of "Underclock Taker" points to. Monsters "Excode Talker" points to gain 500 ATK, also they cannot be destroyed by card effects ("Underclock Taker": 1000 → 1500 ATK). As "Excode Talker" was Link Summoned, Playmaker activates its effect, which allows him to prevent the use of a number of  Main Monster Zones  up to the number of cards in the Extra Monster Zones while "Excode Talker" is on the field. As two monsters are in the Extra Monster Zones, Playmaker prevents the use of both zones the left and right Link Arrows of "Daphne" point to. Playmaker activates the effect of "Underclock Taker" to reduce the ATK of Specter's monster by the ATK of a monster it points to. Playmaker reduces the ATK of "Thrasher" by the ATK of "Excode Talker" ("Thrasher": 3200 → 900 ATK).
 At this point, Specter reveals that  Akira Zaizen  has been captured and will be infected with a computer virus if Specter's LP reduce so Playmaker does not attack. During the End Phase, the effect of "Underclock Taker" expires ("Thrasher": 900 → 3200 ATK).
 Turn 5: Specter 
"Thrasher" attacks and destroys "Underclock Taker" (Playmaker: 2900 → 1200 LP). As Playmaker's monster was destroyed by battle, Specter activates the effect of "Force", inflicting 100 damage to Playmaker for every Link Arrow the Link Monster with the highest Link Rating on the field has, in this case, three (Playmaker: 1200 → 900 LP).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bitron 
 Digitron 
 Effect Monsters 
 Draconnet Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Binary Blader 
 Binary Sorceress 
 Excode Talker 
 Link Spider 
 Multi Sledgehammer 
 Underclock Taker 
 
 Specter Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Sunseed Genius Loci  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Sunavalon Daphne 
 Sunavalon Dryanome 
 Sunavalon Dryas 
 Sunvine Gardna  x3 
 Sunvine Thrasher Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sunvine Shrine 
 Traps 
 Sunavalon Force 
 Sunavalon Glorious Growth 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/Vrains_036.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180124145305']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes