Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Yuzu_(Manga).png

For other versions of this character, see  Zuzu Boyle (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Yuzu Hiiragi 
 
 
 Other   
 Ray Akaba  (following her revival) 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Strong Yuzu [3]  (by Allie, Japanese version only) Entertainment Angel [4]  (エンタメ天使  Entame Tenshi , by Melissa) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 柊   柚 子 柊 柚子 ひいらぎ ゆず Rōmaji: ( Hīragi Yuzu ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 송유미 KRR: Song Yumi Translated:  Song Yumi 
 
 
 French   
 Zuzu Boyle [1] 
 
 
 German   
 Zuzu [2]  Boyle 
 
 
 Italian   
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 14 [5] [6] [7] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Skip Boyle  (father) Celina  ( Fusion Dimension  counterpart) Lulu Obsidian  ( Xyz Dimension  counterpart) Rin  ( Synchro Dimension  counterpart) Ray Akaba  ( Original Dimension  incarnation/previous identity) 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Paradise Prep School You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class         Friendship Cup   Top 8   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Melodious 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Emily Jenness 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yuna Inamura [5] 
 
 
 French  
 Claire Tefnin 
 
 
 German  
 Jennifer Weiß [9] 
 
 
 Italian  
 Martina Felli [8] 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Samria Hernan 
 
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle , known as  Yuzu Hiiragi [5] [10] [11]  ( 柊   柚 子   Hīragi Yuzu ) in the Japanese version, is one of the main characters and the deuteragonist in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is childhood friend of  Yuya Sakaki  and gives powerful pep talks. Her  father  owns  You Show Duel School , the Duel school that she and Yuya attend, where they spend their time honing their  Dueling  skills. She functions as the straight man in comedy acts with Yuya. [12] 
 Like Yuya, Zuzu has  dimensional counterparts :  Celina  ( Fusion Dimension ),  Rin  ( Synchro Dimension ) [13] , and  Lulu Obsidian  ( Xyz Dimension ) [14] . She is also one of  Ray Akaba 's reincarnations, and later comes to assume Ray's identity after merging with all of her counterparts.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.6   Heartland City 
 2.7   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yuya Sakaki 
 3.2   Skip Boyle 
 3.3   Sora Perse 
 3.4   Yuto 
 3.5   Yugo 
 3.6   Aura Sentia 
 3.7   Celina 
 3.8   Frank, Amanda, and Tarren 
 3.9   Alexis Rhodes 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
   Zuzu's usual outfit.   Zuzu, the Turbo Duelist.   Zuzu's look in the Fusion Dimension. 1/3 
 Zuzu has blue eyes and dark pink midback-length hair, which she wears tied up in pigtails, clipped down by blue, spherical hair clips. Her hair also features two lighter pink bangs that fall to the side of her face. Zuzu's outfit consists of a sleeveless light-blue and white shirt with a green musical note on the right collar, along with a pink tie, which she wears with a maroon skirt, dark stockings, and pink sneakers. Her skirt was lengthened in the dub to cover the bare skin showing on her legs but starting from the  Arc League Championship Arc , her stockings are lengthened instead. She notably is not shown wearing the school jacket from  Paradise Prep School  that other female students wear. She also wears a  bracelet with strange abilities . These powers seem to be connected to  Yuya  and his  counterparts , activating whenever Zuzu, Yuya and any of his counterparts are in close proximity.
 
           Zuzu with her hair down.     
 Zuzu later switches clothes with  Celina , but she retains her bracelet, her spherical hair clips and her  Duel Disk . Later, she starts wearing some of  Rin 's clothes while staying at  Yugo 's orphanage in the  Synchro Dimension : the first outfit was a pink top and yellow shorts. During the Friendship Cup, Zuzu wears one of Rin's Turbo Dueling outfits; a predominantly white one-piece short-sleeved jacket-miniskirt combination with light pink shoulder pads and hot pink markings, in addition to back pockets; long white gloves with light pink elbow pads that extend over her elbows, hot pink pants, and white knee-length form-fitting boots with light pink kneepads.
 While in the Underground Labor Factory, Zuzu wore one of the factory's uniforms: a dark red full body suit with a hood and brown shoes without socks.
 After arriving at the  Fusion Dimension 's  You Show Duel School , Zuzu receives a change of clothes that once belonged to Alexis when she enrolled in Duel Academy: a sleeveless white shirt with a pink pad over her chest and shoulders, a pink skirt and a white belt similar to  Tori Meadows ', except with a different color scheme. She also wears white boots.
 
           Zuzu as a child.     
 As a little girl, Zuzu wore a pinkish dress with her bracelet hanging around her neck as a necklace and had two blue flower hair clips tied to her pigtails before she used the spherical ones.
 
 
 Personality 
           Zuzu smacking  Skip  with her paper fan.     
           Zuzu became jealously enraged at Yuya     
 Zuzu has a kind, strong-willed personality coupled with an extremely short temper, the latter often resulting in her actions causing huge consequences. An example of this would be when she smashed her fists down on the  Solid Vision  technology computer at  You Show Duel School  out of annoyance at how  Yuya  was Dueling, which ended up destroying the machine. Zuzu also has a tendency to hit people on the head with a paper fan, primarily Yuya and  her own father , whenever they do something foolish. [15] [3]  She is also shown to be quite argumentative, wanting to argue with a spectator who insulted Yuya and his father before his Duel with  the Sledgehammer , showing that she can be just as defensive and caring of Yuya and his belief in  his father . [15] 
 Her perception and judgment begin to falter after her successive encounters with  Yuto , due to Yuto's resemblance with Yuya, and her lack of knowledge of the subject frustrates her. [16]  These worries are put at ease after the encouragement from Yuto and Yuya, reinstating her resolve and wishing to protect You Show Duel School and her friends.
 
             She harbors feelings for Yuya, initially shown when she was blushing after  Sora Perse  mistook her as Yuya's girlfriend [17]  and whenever  Aura Sentia  makes advances towards Yuya. The strongest examples so far included when she started to cry when she was worried that Yuya would never wake up while he was unconscious for a few days after his encounter with Yuto and  Yugo , and upon being separated from Yuya in the  Synchro Dimension .
 Zuzu's kind, gentle, truthful personality with a strong sense of justice has made her the person people from all four Dimensions adore and the one with the strongest bonds with non-Standard residents. Shay and Yuto care for her due to her likeness to Lulu, and Sora and Celina are protective of her as she is their first friend and opened their eyes to the lies and cruelty of Duel Academy. In the Synchro Dimension, she is known as Entertainment Angel loved by both Tops and Commons, and Crow's three kids and Tokumatsu deeply care for her by their own right. She serves as a catalyst for the protagonists' actions.
 While brainwashed by the  Parasite Monster , Zuzu is emotionless and does not speak.
 
 Abilities 
 Zuzu is quite athletic and acrobatic. In her debut, she was able to smash the  Solid Vision  technology to the point where it malfunctioned with one punch. When Zuzu refused to go with  Yuri , she performed several backflips in quick succession and landed with ease. She was later quoted as having evaded Yuri throughout the entire night, a feat that he regarded as amazing.
 
 Etymology 
 Zuzu's Japanese name is derived from the fruit  Yuzu , a citrus fruit and plant originating in East Asia. Her surname, Hiiragi, refers to the  Osmanthus heterophyllus , an evergreen bush native to Japan that is similar to holly. The plant is mentioned twice in the Kojiki, once in the name of a kami ( hihiragi-no-sono-hana-madzumi-no-kami , or "Deity Waiting to See the Flowers of the Holly") and once as the wood of a spear presented to Yamato Takeru no Mikoto by his father Emperor Keiko, prior to sending him eastward to "subdue and pacify the savage Deities and the unsubmissive people of the twelve roads of the East" (ie, conquer the land to the East). Traditionally, Hiiragi is used as part of a demon ward on  Setsubun . Zuzu and Lulu are the only two out of the counterparts to have surnames.
 Her first dub name is based on her Japanese name and is also an Eastern European diminutive of 'Susan'. Together with her surname, her name is a reference to singer  Susan Boyle , in reference to  the Deck  she uses. Incidentally, the name Susan also means "Lily" tying with her Japanese floral-based name. Lily is known for being a flower that symbolizes soul of the departed has received restored innocence after death, possibly refers to  Z-ARC  being restored of his innocence after his rebirth as Yuya.
 
 Biography 
 History 
           Zuzu as a little baby     
           Zuzu at 11 years old     
 Zuzu was raised by her father,  Skip , and she never had a mother. She had  her bracelet  since her birth, according to Skip. Zuzu has been best friends with Yuya since they were really young and they both were raised to believe that dueling was for making people smile. According to Yuya, Zuzu was always there for Yuya in his childhood when he was being tormented over  his father's  disappearance and would comfort him.
 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
           Zuzu accidentally breaks the  ARC System .     
 Zuzu monitored the Duel between  Yuya  and  Gong  in  You Show Duel School . Angered at Yuya for not focusing on the Duel, she pounded on the  Solid Vision  machine's keyboard, causing it to malfunction. As Zuzu panicked, the machine exploded right in front of her face. After the incident, Zuzu was still upset at Yuya for goofing off. As her father,  Skip , was excited at  Nico Smiley 's offer for the newest Solid Vision technology, Zuzu smacked her father on the head with a paper fan and criticized him for going against his word for not letting Yuya Duel against  the Sledgehammer . When Yuya disappeared, Zuzu wondered where he went. Later, she, Gong and Skip went to the Dueling arena to watch Yuya's Duel against the Sledgehammer. [15]  She was shocked when Yuya performed a  Pendulum Summon , and even more so when he actually defeated the Sledgehammer. [3] 
 Afterwards, You Show Duel School was flooded by applicants, which proved difficult for Zuzu to keep up with, alongside the fact that she was scheduled to duel Yuya in an exhibition match. Before the  Action Duel  started, Yuya began acting foolishly, earning him a smack from Zuzu's fan, prompting the ire of Yuya's newfound fans. Realizing that she would be portrayed as the villain, she urged Yuya to exchange insults with her, and Yuya came up with the concept that she was The Sledgehammer's sidekick. However, Yuya failed to Pendulum Summon during his  turn , so he instead urged Zuzu to  attack  him, under the impression that the pinch would allow him to Pendulum Summon. Instead, Zuzu's attack went through, winning her the Duel. She examined Yuya's Pendulum Cards afterwards to try and figure out how the Summon worked, but they were unable to do so, and all the applicants save  Tate  left, despite Zuzu's protests. She introduced Tate to Yuya, and the boy was accepted into the Duel School. [3] 
 At school the next day, Zuzu frantically tried to wake Yuya (who had been up all night trying to Pendulum Summon again), before their teacher could notice; unfortunately, her efforts were unsuccessful, resulting in Yuya embarrassing himself by trying to claim the answer to the problem he'd been asked was "the right one." Zuzu whacked him over the head with her fan, pointing out that that was never the right answer. After school,  Frederick ,  Allie , and Tate all asked to see a Pendulum Summon, but they were interrupted by  Sylvio Sawatari , who threw sucker-tipped darts at Yuya (to Zuzu's disapproval.) When Sylvio, claiming to be a fan of Yuya, offered the use of the Center Duel Field at  Leo Institute of Dueling , Zuzu was somewhat insulted that the school owned by her family was being passed over, but she went along to LID regardless. Sylvio then asked to see Yuya's Pendulum Cards, and swiped them when they were offered, then he offered to return them to Yuya if he won against him in a Duel, holding Zuzu and the children hostage on top of a suspension bridge in the " Prison Tower of Darkville " Action Field. When Yuya picked up  Action   Trap Cards  that were set in the area, the place where Zuzu and the children were standing was damaged, and Frederick almost toppled off were it not for Zuzu's intervention. Scared by the heights, Frederick began crying, prompting Zuzu to try and reassure him, stating that boys shouldn't cry. [18] After Sylvio Pendulum Summoned, the Duel began to go badly for Yuya until he was able to reclaim his stolen Pendulum Monsters with " Empty Fishing ." At that point, the tower crumbled beneath Zuzu and the others, but she and Allie were saved by " Stargazer Magician ," and she cheered Yuya on as he won the Duel with his own Pendulum Summon. Afterwards, Sylvio tried to take the Pendulum Cards by force until he was knocked out by  Sora Perse , who proceeded to declare himself Yuya's apprentice. Zuzu was more shocked about the state of Sylvio and his friends, until Sora reassured her that he'd simply knocked them unconscious. [19]  Perse introduced himself to her and the others.
 As she walked to school with Yuya the next day, Yuya explained that Sora had followed him home and continued to follow him around, Sora proving so by popping up behind them a few seconds later. After Yuya's continual refusal to show Sora to see Pendulum Summon, Sora asked Zuzu, whom he thought was Yuya's girlfriend, to help him ask. Yuya and Zuzu denied that they were dating, Yuya claiming he'd never date a "strong, crude girl" like Zuzu. Though somewhat uncomfortable after Sora's statement, Yuya's remark earned him a swat from Zuzu's fan, and she angrily walked off, muttering furiously that Yuya didn't have to describe it like that. Nevertheless, her anger eventually faded, though Sora continued to interrupt them over the course of the day, putting Yuya in a bad mood. Zuzu managed to snap him out of it, pointing out that he was an entertainer, but Sora was waiting for them at You Show Duel School. His begging Yuya to Duel him and his reaction after being turned down yet again by Yuya earned Zuzu's sympathies. Eventually, Yuya agreed to Duel Sora. During the Duel, Zuzu appreciated Sora's cute-looking monsters, though she was surprised when he  Fusion Summoned  and she comforted a scared Allie. [17]  After Yuya's " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " was  destroyed , Zuzu sympathized with him, knowing that the card represented both Yuya's courage and his Pendulum Summoning. She was relieved for him when he won the Duel. [20] 
 One day, Zuzu and Allie, on their way back to the You Show Duel School with ice cream for everyone, overheard two of Sylvio's friends commenting that Sylvio was planning on getting revenge on Yuya for humiliating him. She decided to go after him, intent on repaying Yuya for saving her in his Duel with Sylvio. When she got to their hangout, she told Allie to go to tell Yuya what was happening before entering the warehouse. Her interruption caused Sylvio to choke on his food, and she angrily yelled at him, shooting various insults and not letting Sylvio get a single word in in response. She demanded to Duel Sylvio, and he accepted, locking them inside the warehouse.
 
           Zuzu is interrupted by  the Dark Duelist .     
 Before they could begin, the warehouse door was thrown open by a  mysterious Duelist , who raised his Duel Disk, indicating that he intended to take Zuzu's place in the Duel. She protested, but the Duelist told her that he didn't want to see her hurt anymore. The Duelist  Set  his entire hand on the first turn, only to have it destroyed by Sylvio's new " Monarch " cards. Zuzu realized in shock that she could feel the wind from " Mobius the Mega Monarch " when it used its effect and attacked despite the fact that they weren't in an Action Field. The Duelist used the effects of the  Spell Cards  in his  Graveyard  to block the  direct attack  and then performed an  Xyz Summon  on the next turn, calling out " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", then using it to reduce Sylvio to 100  Life Points , violently damaging the warehouse with its attack. The Duelist questioned Sylvio, then turned to leave, but Sylvio attempted to win the Duel, only to be countered by another card from the Duelist's Graveyard, " Phantom Knights' Spear ," which pierced Sylvio's jacket. The Duelist removed his mask and revealed himself to be a boy with a face that resembled Yuya to the point that Zuzu, Sylvio and his gang mistook him for Yuya. She attempted to ask him what he had been doing, but  her bracelet  suddenly glowed with a harsh magenta light, blinding her. After the glow faded, she found that the Duelist had vanished. As Zuzu tried to locate the mysterious Duelist, Yuya ran into the warehouse and asked her what had happened, commenting on the smell of smoke. [21]  She wondered if he was the masked Duelist.
 
           Zuzu sees  Yuya  as the masked Duelist     
 The next day, Zuzu attended class at the Duel School with Yuya and her friends, but her thoughts remained preoccupied by what she'd seen the previous night. She asked her father whether their school taught  Xyz Summoning , only to get a negative response. Zuzu was somewhat relieved until everyone heard Gong shouting. Sylvio's friends had showed up, claiming that Yuya had hospitalized Sylvio. They pointed out that Zuzu had seen it too; she remained silent, unsure of what she'd seen.  Henrietta Akaba , Chairwoman of LID, then arrived, also accusing Yuya. Eventually, she stated that regardless of whether Yuya had attacked Sylvio or not, the loss would damage the reputation of LID and could not go unanswered. Henrietta then made a bet that the two schools would Duel; if LID won, they would acquire the You Show Duel School and add Pendulum Summoning to their curriculum. Yuya refused to give into their ideas though Zuzu still wasn't sure about what she'd seen. She asked Yuya if he'd attacked Sylvio and Yuya denied it. Convinced that he was telling the truth, Zuzu agreed to fight with him, and Sora joined them as the three representatives to fight the three elite students from LID, with Yuya going first against  Dipper O'rion . [22] 
 
           Zuzu loses to  Julia .     
 After Yuya won his match against Dipper, Zuzu offered to Duel against  Julia Krystal  next. Zuzu went in with confidence, knowing that a win would protect the You Show Duel School and Yuya. Julia pointed out that Zuzu's eyes were clouded and she was hesitating. During the course of the Duel, Zuzu kept seeing Yuya as the mysterious Duelist, affecting her actions. Even though she got an advantage after her first turn, Julia rebounded and used the effect of " Gem-Knight Master Diamond " to finish Zuzu off. Zuzu jumped at the opportunity to grab an Action Card, only to find that she was looking at a reflection of it, proving Julia's analysis of Zuzu's current state of mind. Zuzu was blasted back by "Master Diamond" and lost her Duel. As Yuya tried to wake her up, she saw him as a vague silhouette of Yuto at first. With the score tied at 1-1, Gong Dueled with  Kit Blade  to determine the You Show Duel School's fate. [23]  After the Duel ended in a  DRAW , she watched the tiebreaker Duel between Yuya and  Declan Akaba . Before they started, when she saw the serious look Yuya had on his face, Zuzu reminded him that his greatest asset is his smile and successfully got his Dueltaining spirit back up. [24] 
 After Declan forfeited the Duel due to an emergency at LID, Zuzu tried to console Yuya after he realized he was not the only one who could Pendulum Summon. Throughout Skip's Duel with Yuya, she was extremely irritated by her father's antics, and after her father lost his Duel to Yuya and pretended to die dramatically (with an equally dramatic response from Yuya), she slapped him with her fan. [25] 
 While eating lunch at school with Yuya, she was approached by Sylvio, who offered her a handkerchief, but she turned his gesture down. She later learned from him that Declan left the Duel due to an attack on  Professor Marco . After school, when Yuya pleaded with her to help him qualify for the  Junior Arc League Championship , Zuzu reminded him that she had already qualified and thus couldn't Duel him. After hearing of Yuya's goal to become stronger, she also decided that she should do that as well. She went in search of Sora, whom she found at LID, and led him to the hangar where Sylvio was attacked. Zuzu asked him to train her on Fusion Summoning, troubled over her loss to Julia. Sora gave her a " Polymerization " card and explained the basics of Fusion Summoning. Sora detected the presence of another person then; Zuzu watched as Sora chased down the person and fought with his Duel Disk, then recognized the third party to be the masked Duelist that Dueled Sylvio. Julia then showed up, believing that the Duelist had attacked Marco, and attempted to Duel him herself, but as Zuzu desperately tried to calm the group down, her bracelet glowed again, transporting the Duelist away. As before, Yuya came running in soon after looking for Zuzu, and explained that he'd scheduled the four Duels he needed to enter the Championship. [26] 
 Rather than go with Yuya to watch his Duels, Zuzu instead went with Sora, who was seeking to qualify himself. [27] [28]  Sora made sure to Fusion Summon in his Duels to demonstrate some of the basics to Zuzu. The two later had a practice Duel, but Zuzu's Fusion Summon failed as she'd forgotten to put her " Schuberta the Melodious Maestra " in her  Extra Deck . Sora chided her for not remembering that Fusion Monsters went in the  Extra Deck  instead of the Main Deck. He noted that she was still thinking about the masked Duelist, and that it was throwing her concentration off. Zuzu confided with Sora of the Duelist's ability to cause physical impacts outside of an Action Duel, and was surprised when her bracelet suddenly began to glow. Unbeknown to her, this warped the eavesdropping masked Duelist away. Yuya showed up afterwards, as Skip had sent him to find her.
 Zuzu later returned home and asked her father about her bracelet. Skip told her that she'd had it since she was born, an answer that didn't satisfy Zuzu. She left for her room, slumped on her bed and removed the bracelet, telling herself to get her act together. [16]  She continued watching Sora's qualification Duels, making sure to pay more attention. She improved to the point of being able to correctly discern his winning move and chant along with his Summon.
 
           Zuzu's confusion about the recent events becomes too much for her.     
 As they walked towards the warehouses later, she noted that he could have won earlier, but he replied that he'd held back to show her Fusion Summoning again. Zuzu thought she had Fusion Summoning down, and she was ready to practice her skills in a real match, and Sora accepted. Julia then showed up again before them, asking where the masked Duelist was, believing Zuzu to be hiding him. Julia explained that several LID members had vanished, and blamed Zuzu for letting the Duelist escape. She challenged Zuzu to a Duel, but Sora commented that Zuzu should be able to defeat Julia easily, as LID Fusion Summons weren't much of a threat. Julia took this as an insult and challenged him instead, but her claims of LID being the strongest attracted the attention of  Shay , who ran up and accidentally knocked Zuzu aside, scattering her cards. He held out his Duel Disk, challenging Julia himself; however, before they could Duel, the masked Duelist jumped in to stop Shay, who addressed him as " Yuto ". Zuzu didn't pay attention to what Obsidian called the masked Duelist. When Shay finally noticed Zuzu, he mistook her for someone called  Lulu . Zuzu was taken aback, but before he could go on, Shay was punched in the gut by Yuto, who told him that she wasn't Lulu, before Shay became unconscious. Yuto picked up "Polymerization" from Zuzu's scattered cards and remarked that Fusion Summoning didn't suit Zuzu. Yuya came running to Zuzu with Dipper and Kit soon after; her bracelet glowed as it did in past incidents, teleporting both Yuto and Shay away. When Yuya asked if she was alright, she expressed confusion over being called "Lulu" and the recurring events that had been happening around her, and started to cry. Yuya helped her gather her Deck and returned it to her, but later picked up her "Polymerization" card, thinking he had overlooked it earlier. [29] 
 Zuzu returned to the warehouses the next day to search for her missing card, but was disrupted by Sora's call to watch his final qualifying Duel. [30]  They made it to Yuya's Duel against  Aura Sentia  right as he used her "Polymerization" to Fusion Summon; when the Duel ended, Yuya thanked Zuzu for her card as he returned it to her, since it had been an important factor in helping him clinch the match. However, they were interrupted as Aura jumped onto Yuya, thinking that he was her "fated person", causing her to become angry and chase Yuya with her fan, somehow thinking that it was his fault. [31] 
 After they left  Aura's Duel School , Zuzu looked at her returned "Polymerization" and remembered Yuto's comments regarding it. She then saw Julia up ahead in the streets, heading down an alleyway, and giving her friends the excuse that he was doing something that she'd just remembered, she pursued Julia. She quickly lost her and instead ran into Yuto, who prevented her from going any further, as Shay was currently Dueling Julia. Yuto didn't want Zuzu involved, nor to get hurt, but she called him out on letting Shay hurt Julia regardless, and angrily asked who Yuto and Shay were. Yuto explained the situation: He and Shay were fighting to get back their captured comrades, one of which was Lulu. And while he had indeed initially mistaken Zuzu for Lulu, Yuto explained that Zuzu was not Lulu, as their enemy used Fusion Summoning, which Zuzu had learned happily. Zuzu explained that she had done so to try and protect You Show Duel School. Yuto was quite surprised, and he ended up encouraging her to keep trying to protect her friends, saying that it wasn't wrong, before smiling, causing her to compare him to Yuya. Before leaving, her told her his name, and explained that Lulu was in fact Shay's younger sister. [32]  Zuzu eventually arrived at the place where Julia and Shay had been Dueling, but by then, only the crows remained. [33] 
 The next day,  Nico Smiley  requested that Zuzu come to  Strong Dojo  so that she could watch Yuya's final qualification match against Gong, but without Yuya knowing that they were there. When her father was torn between cheering for Yuya or Gong, Zuzu had to smack him with her fan to calm him down. During the match, she expressed worry for Yuya and held the opinion that she should have left her "Polymerization" card with him, but fortunately, he was able to Fusion Summon twice using his " Performapal Trump Witch " and defeat Gong. She congratulated him after the match and again smacked her father to calm him down. [34] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 At the beginning of the  Junior Arc League Championship , after some pep-talking by  Skip , Zuzu was the first to notice that  Yuya  had snuck off and was in danger of being late. At the tournament venue, she frantically looked for him, but it was to no avail until they ran into  Aura , whose constant comments about Yuya, her "Darling", sent Zuzu into a rage. The kids did their best to hold her back, only calming her when she saw that Aura had divined Yuya's direction and she seemed to realize where he was. Yuya eventually showed up, much to everyone's relief, and so did  Gong , who had managed to qualify just in time. The six  You Show  Duelists walked out onto the tournament field after many of the others, and Yuya was asked to make the pledge of fair play, though he initially messed it up, he made a speech about  his father  and his determination instead. Afterwards, the group used their registration cards to learn who their opponents were and when they'd face one another. Zuzu realized that she was up against  Julia  again, while  Sora  was against  Shay Obsidian , who they'd seen walking in with  LID . Yuya revealed to Zuzu that he'd met Shay and seen him attack the LID top-team, and Zuzu asked Julia why Shay was with them. A confused Julia explained that Shay had been a part of their group from the very start. [35] 
 
           Zuzu after receiving " Crystal Rose ".     
 Zuzu Dueled Julia as the first Duel of the Junior Youth division. Julia brought out " Master Diamond " immediately. Zuzu countered with " Schuberta the Melodious Maestra , whose anti-Fusion effect overcame "Master Diamond". Julia Summoned her "true ace", " Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond " with " Brilliant Fusion " and began using  Action Cards  to overcome the negative  effects  of "Brilliant Fusion". Zuzu was forced to play defensively in response, ultimately leaving her with 100  Life Points , but with Julia's own " Crystal Rose " on her field. Using "Crystal Rose" and " Soprano the Melodious Songstress ", Zuzu brought out a second  Fusion Monster , " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir ". Julia countered with " Brilliant Spark ", but Zuzu dove off the Action Field's bridge to snatch an Action Card before Julia could use it for the effect, winning her the Duel with "Bloom Diva". Later, Julia approached Zuzu and gave her "Crystal Rose". [36] 
 The next day, the group were running late for Gong's Duel against  Grizzlepike Jones , when they saw Yuya running off. They went to the Duel without him, and Zuzu called Yuya before the match. Yuya revealed that he was trying to get Gong's sash back, much to Zuzu's confusion. After seeing Gong tortured by Grizzlepike's claims that Yuya was being assaulted by his friends, Zuzu reassured Gong that Yuya could take care of himself and would get the sash back. [37]  She watched Yuya's Duel against  Sylvio  worriedly, having overheard Sylvio's comments and suspecting that he had  Pendulum Monsters . Zuzu's worries deepened after Yuya was driven into a corner, but Gong reassured her that Yuya hadn't given up yet. [38]  When Yuya appeared to have been buried in rubble during the Duel, Zuzu was particularly distressed, screaming her friend's name in terror and being equally relieved when he was shown to have escaped. Watching the Duel, she observed that Yuya had evolved in the Duel again, and she and the others cheered when he won. [39]   Sora  was up next against Shay, and she discussed the situation with Yuya beforehand regarding the mystery of Shay's loyalties. When Yuya explained that " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " had taken out an entire LID top team, Zuzu wondered how it had done so with only 100  ATK . [40]  She continued to watch the Duel in growing apprehension as Shay's comments reminded her of what he'd said beforehand and as Sora revealed his true sadistic colors. Zuzu was horrified at the outcome, which ended with Sora's loss and hospitalization, rushing down to him with Yuya. [41] 
 Zuzu discussed the events with Yuya and Gong that night at the hospital, and Zuzu told them everything that had happened to her, including about Yuto and that he looked like Yuya. They overheard the guards stating that Sora had escaped, and after calling her father, the trio split up to look for Sora, Zuzu searching the main city fruitlessly and calling Yuya. [42]  When she arrived in Central Park,  her bracelet  activated, and she found Yuya in a state of shock before he collapsed. [43] 
 Two days later, she and  Yoko Sakaki  watched over Yuya while he was still unconscious. She stared at her bracelet, wondering why Yuya hadn't woken up and what had happened to Sora, and then started sobbing, worried that Yuya would never wake up. Yoko reassured her that Yuya would be fine, and that he would wake up even stronger than before. The two were startled when Aura suddenly appeared in the window and jumped in, declaring that she would save Yuya. They watched as she prepared the room in a ritualistic manner, before noticing that Yuya was wearing gray pajamas. She insisted that they change him into green-and-white plaid pajamas, which they did. They asked her how she knew Yuya was here, and learned that she had abandoned her Championship match to see him. They convinced her that Yuya would recover even faster if she won her match, and she vowed to win it for him, much to their relief.
 
           Zuzu asks Yuya why he has Yuto's card.     
 Despite Aura's subsequent defeat to  Moon Shadow , Yuya woke up soon after that. Zuzu told him that  Frederick  had lost his second-round Duel against  Riley , who had used a  Synchro Summon  to defeat him. Yuya then told her about what he had learned about the  Four Dimensions  and about  Yugo , the so-called "Pawn of Fusion" from the  Synchro Dimension  that also looked like Yuya. Zuzu recalled that Yuto had told her that Fusion was his enemy and that they had captured  Lulu , and he speculated that Yugo may have been Lulu's captor. She was surprised to see that Yuya had Yuto's " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " card, and asked him why. He responded that Yuto had given it to him after losing his Duel with Yugo, and that that was the last thing he remembered. When he started asking why Yuto and Yugo both looked like him, Zuzu commented that Yuto had also told her that Lulu looked like her. They began to wonder if Shay knew about all this, and decided to go and see him.
 
           Zuzu notices the change in Yuya's attitude.     
 They met up with Julia,  Dipper  and  Kit  at Centre Court, and asked if they could speak to Shay directly. Kit told them that they wouldn't be able to, and instead suggested that they watch his upcoming match against  Iggy Arlo . They did, and were horrified to see him getting physically assaulted as Iggy repeatedly snatched Action Cards away from him, and ultimately defeated him. Zuzu found out that she would be Dueling against  Micky Starlett  in the second round, and that Yuya would be Dueling against Iggy. When he resolved to Duel against Iggy to make him smile, Zuzu supported him. [14]  However, she was shocked when Yuya went  berserk ,  Xyz Summoning  "Dark Rebellion" and using its effect to defeat Iggy. When Yuya turned to see his friends, she gave him a concerned stare. [44] 
 
           Zuzu after defeating  Micky Starlett .     
 Afterwards, as Zuzu walked out to the arena to Duel Micky, she noticed Yuya was in a state of depression and resolved to cheer him up. She was annoyed by Micky's crowd-pleasing style and promised to show everyone a real Entertainment Duel as You Show Duel School's poster girl. After a long, tight match, Zuzu eventually defeated Micky after using "Crystal Rose" to Summon her "Bloom Diva", successfully snapping Yuya out of his daze. [45] 
 After her Duel with Micky, Zuzu later watched the announcement of the final 16 participants on TV at You Show. The next day, the participants were informed that instead of single Duels, they would be participating in a  Battle Royal  around the city, using the " Quartet of Quandry " Action Field, which would also generate " Pendulumstatue " Pendulum Monster cards for the participants to find. Her first Duel was against  Halil  in the Iceberg Area of the Action Field, who gave her a Pendulum Monster beforehand because she only had one of the required two. Halil was able to take the card back during the Duel with a card effect. While she reached for an Action Card, she ended up sliding off the ice shelf and into  Olga , who was Dueling Gong at the time, resulting in both Duels being combined into a  Tag-Team Duel  with Zuzu being paired with Gong. [46]  After Gong was defeated, she proceeded to defeat both Halil and Olga. She offered Gong two of the four Pendulum Monsters they won, but he only took one because Zuzu was the true winner. [47] 
 
           Moon Shadow  saves Zuzu from  Obelisk Force .     
 After losing to  Dennis McField  and giving him her wagered Pendulum cards,  Celina  showed up, challenging Dennis whom she mistook as an  Xyz remnant . Zuzu tried to stop Celina since they were in the middle of the Championship, but Dennis accepted her challenge. Seeing Celina using Fusion Summon, Zuzu realized that she was not Lulu and witnessing how strong Celina's Fusion Summon is, she concluded that she was from the Fusion Dimension. The Duel ended with Celina's victory, but before she could seal Dennis into a card, the  Obelisk Force  arrived. Before they could make their move, both Zuzu and Celina were carried away by  Moon Shadow  and  Sun Shadow  while the Senior division Dueled the Obelisk Force. [48] 
 After Celina and Zuzu were saved by Moon Shadow and Sun Shadow respectively, they went to the Iceberg Area where Celina revealed her identity and her reason for targeting Xyz remnants. Hearing this, Zuzu revealed what she knew about the  tragedy  of the Xyz Dimension, how  Duel Academy  Duelists were laughing while turning all Xyz Dimension people into cards as if they are playing a hunting game. Seeing Celina not believing her story, she suggested that Celina meet Shay, the Xyz remnant she was looking for, to confirm her story. Agreeing with Zuzu's suggestion, the two swapped clothes to stop the Obelisk Force from capturing Celina, though Zuzu had to drag Celina behind a rock to change so Moon Shadow wouldn't see them since the latter didn't understand the concept of modesty. [49] 
 
           Zuzu wearing  Celina 's clothes.     
 Zuzu and Celina narrowed down Shay's location to the Ancient Ruins area, since he was not in the Volcano, Jungle and Iceberg areas. After nodding at each other, both girls went their separate ways. After splitting up with Celina, Zuzu quickly encountered three Obelisk Force members. Knowing how important for Celina to learn the truth about what happened to Xyz Dimension, Zuzu decided to Duel the Obelisk Force. Before she could Duel any of them,  Yuri  came from the top of a building to gave a warning to the Obelisk Force to leave Zuzu to him or else they would end up with the same fate as  Olga  and  Halil , whom he had sealed in cards. Zuzu initially mistook Yuri for Yuya, but he quickly corrected her. Remembering about Yuya's encounter with Yuto and Yugo, Zuzu thought that Yuri was the latter. Yuri explained that the  Professor  wanted Zuzu and it was his mission to capture her. Zuzu refused, making Yuri comment that she was just like Lulu and  Rin , revealing that he was the one who kidnapped them under the Professor's order. Yuri then challenged Zuzu to a Duel, in which she had no choice but to accept. After fighting Yuri throughout the night, she made her way to a hiding spot under the ice to hide from him, but Yuri easily located her. [13] 
 
           Zuzu and  Yugo  teleport.     
 Knowing that Yuri was close to capturing her, Zuzu was about to give up as she pleaded for Yuya to save her, but all of a sudden her bracelet began to glow and Yuri was teleported away from the location. Thinking that Yuya was coming like before, it turned out that it was not Yuya, it was Yugo, who arrived on his  Duel Runner . Yugo then saw Zuzu, who he mistook for Rin. Yugo then ran over in joy, hugging Zuzu as he told her that he missed her. Zuzu was shocked for a moment until she remembered Yuri mentioning Rin's name. She asked Yugo if he knew who Rin was and then was surprised to see that he also resembles Yuya. Before Yugo could answer her question, they were teleported away by Zuzu's bracelet because Yuya was nearby looking for her. [13] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
           Zuzu surprised at hearing that  Yugo  and  Rin  didn't know their mothers.     
 The bracelet transported them to  New Domino City  and Zuzu was surprised at the fact that she ended up traveling dimensions. When  Yugo  got too close to her, Zuzu pushed him away towards his  Duel Runner  in embarrassment. Upon learning that she had another  counterpart  in the  Synchro Dimension  as well, she informed Yugo that  Yuto  did not kidnap her but another one of their counterparts did. They discussed various things including the fact that they have  dimensional counterparts  for some unknown reason. When Yugo decided to use the power of her bracelet to get to  Duel Academy , Zuzu described her helplessness at the fact that she couldn't control her bracelet's ability, and then broke down at the mention of Yuya. Yugo was able to calm her down and then they talked about Rin and the fact that both him and Rin didn't know their mothers. [50] 
 
           Yugo and Zuzu are wanted in the  Synchro Dimension .     
 They were interrupted when the  Topsiders  residents finally noticed them, and they had to flee on Yugo's Runner. Yugo explained the competitive society of the City to Zuzu, as well as the history of the Duel King,  Jack Atlas , whom he and Rin had idolized and built their Duel Runner for the purpose of  Turbo Dueling .  Officer 227  arrived, and Yugo attempted to outpace him, explaining that their trespass would mean being sent to the  Facility  if they were caught. The Duel Chaser forced a Turbo Duel, and Yugo finally asked for Zuzu's name, since he hadn't before. Telling her to hold on tight, he began the Turbo Duel. [50]  After Yugo defeated the Duel Chaser, the Duel lane was blocked by  Sector Security , but Yugo successfully escaped them. Yugo and Zuzu were branded as fugitives in New Domino City for breaking laws. [51] 
 
           Zuzu trying to warn everyone about the  Fusion Dimension .     
 The next day Zuzu asked Yugo about his hometown. He told her that he grew up not knowing what his parents looked like, which prompted Zuzu to recall that she never knew what her mother looked like either. Both of them tried to warn New Domino City residents about Duel Academy's invasion of the other dimensions. Even though Zuzu showed them the  cards   containing   Olga  and  Halil , while Yugo tried to dimension-hop with " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " (and failed, much to Zuzu's embarrassment), no one believed them. They were forced to flee when a cafe worker called Sector Security and when  Frank  and  Tarren  stole food from the cafe. [52] 
 Yugo took Zuzu to the orphanage where he and Rin lived. Unbeknown by her, he signed them up for the  Friendship Cup ; he nearly wrote Rin's name on Zuzu's sign-up sheet, but corrected himself at the last minute. Yugo also let Zuzu borrow Rin's clothes and sleep in her room, pointing out that she'd stink if she kept wearing the same clothes forever. Angered by this remark, she used her fan to smack Yugo on the head. After Zuzu stepped out of the shower wearing Rin's clothes, Yugo mistook her for Rin, but stopped when Zuzu was about to smack him again. Yugo told Zuzu about the Friendship Cup and how it would give them an opportunity to earn credibility about the war between the four dimensions. He then commented that he also signed her for the tournament, much to her displeasure. [6] 
 Upon arriving in  Duel Palace  with Yugo, she was surprised to see Yuya in the Synchro Dimension Dueling against Jack Atlas. During the Duel, her bracelet started to react and she was shocked to see Yuya being defeated. [53] 
 Later, Zuzu Dueled  Chojiro Tokumatsu  in the third match of the Friendship Cup. Throughout the Duel, Zuzu adopted various catchphrases and actions from her friends and family in the  Standard Dimension  to send a message to the distraught Yuya and tell him that he was not alone. After she won the Duel, Zuzu wondered if Yuya managed to get her message. She later expressed surprise that Celina was in the Friendship Cup as well. [54] 
 On the second day of the Friendship Cup, Zuzu watched Yuya's Duel against Officer 227. She was shocked when Yuya revealed the fate of the losers and wondered if her victory had caused Chojiro to be sent underground to do forced labor. After Yuya's victory over his opponent, she wondered if that was the message Yuya wanted to send to her. [55]  While Zuzu watched Yugo's Duel against  Sylvio , she was surprised when she recognized Yuya's personality in Yugo when he grabbed an Action Card and copied Yuya's catchphrase. [56] 
 Zuzu was lying depressed in her bed when she received a letter from Yuya, which unbeknownst to her had been delivered by Moon Shadow. Yuya informed her of his desire to defeat Jack and bring smiles to the people of New Domino City, end the war, and return home with their comrades, bringing a smile to Zuzu's face. [57] 
 She watched the Duel between Dennis and Shay and was surprised when Dennis revealed that he was from Duel Academy. [58]  Zuzu was disturbed by the brutal battle between " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant " and "Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon", knowing that the "Giant" was toying with its opponent. She was further shocked when Dennis told Shay that he was the one who caused the Invasion of the Xyz Dimension and Lulu's kidnapping. After he was defeated, she wondered why Duel Academy captured Lulu and Rin and why they were after her and Celina. [59] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Zuzu later recalled Yuya's letter, vowing to win in the Friendship Cup like Yuya. [60]  She Dueled against  Sergey Volkov  in the first Duel of the  Friendship Cup 's second round, Dueling on the highway due to  Shay 's destruction of the  Duel Palace  arena. Favored by the crowd, she successfully exited the Duel Palace to gain the first  turn  and set herself up for the next turn, but to her shock, Sergey Summoned the 0  ATK  " Thorn Prisoner Van " and ended his turn. Zuzu brought out three " Melodious "  monsters  on her next turn, including " Mozarta ", and attempted to inflict game-ending damage, but Sergey used the  effects  of his " Thorn Prisoner " monsters to protect himself by  paying  his own  LP  and taking the damage from one of the  attacks  by ignoring an  Action Card ; an act that caused him extreme pain, much to Zuzu's distress. Sergey then set up an array of  Thorn Counters  that would harm both players, so Zuzu fused all of her monsters into " Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir " to avoid the damage and attempted to win again, but Sergey, again at great cost to himself, was able to survive the turn. Concerned for Sergey's safety and believing that she had the Duel won, Zuzu attempted to warn the crowd about the interdimensional war and to convince them that the Friendship Cup was wrong. Sergey mocked her for believing that she had won and revealed a horrifically sadistic side, performing a  Fusion Summon  to bring out " Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma " and using his low LP and its effect to set up an  OTK . Zuzu attempted to grab an Action Card, but Sergey recklessly blocked her attempt by ramming her Duel Runner with his own. The combined impacts this and his attack blasted Zuzu into the air, causing her to crash through a building. [4]  She was seriously injured from the crash but was rescued by  Sora  and taken to a room. Later Sora brought her helmet to  Yuya  during his own Duel so he would know she was okay. [61] 
 After waking up she wondered who brought her to the room and felt dizzy. She was then approached by  Frank ,  Tarren  and  Amanda , and they recognized her as the one who crashed from the building much to her confusion, as she could not remember what happened to her after she was defeated by Sergey. [62]  She went with the three orphans to a spot that overlooked the highway, where  Shay  was Dueling  Crow Hogan . Frank called Shay out of line, and Zuzu defended him, pointing out that Shay had lost everything after Duel Academy's attack. Frank explained that the Commons were the same, yet they didn't act like Shay did. [63]  Zuzu chastised Tarren for standing on the rail, and after " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " and " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon " passed under them, she noticed that Tarren was missing and wondered where he'd gone. It turned out that Tarren had fallen onto "Raikiri", and Zuzu attempted to hold Frank up to catch him. Fortunately, Shay was able to rescue Tarren and return him to Zuzu and the kids. Tarren explained to them that Shay seemed to be similar to Crow, and they watched the rest of the Duel, which ended with Crow's victory. [64] 
 After the Duel Zuzu, Amanda, Tarren, and Frank were surrounded by Sector Security. Sora came to their rescue and helped Zuzu defeat the Sector Security guards with " Fusion Fright Waltz ". Zuzu introduced Sora as her teacher, and assumed that he had defected from Duel Academy. Sora replied that he hadn't; but he was trying to keep Yuya and Zuzu; his friends; safe from Duel Academy. They were interrupted by  Moon Shadow , who was prepared to Duel Sora in revenge for Sora sealing Moon's brother  Sun Shadow . Zuzu was able to convince both of them to stand down, and Moon Shadow agreed to let Sora try to rescue Yuya from captivity under  Jean-Michel Roget , while suggesting that Zuzu and the kids come underground to hide from Sector Security. [65]  Later, Zuzu sneezed after Yugo reminisced about her. [66] 
 Zuzu was again seen in the Underground Labor Facility doing work with Frank, Tarren, and Amanda. During Yuya's Duel against Crow, her bracelet began to glow, causing her to wonder whether something was wrong with Yuya. [67]  Zuzu wanted to go help Yuya, but the kids were able to talk her out of it. Eventually the glow faded, and she wondered what had happened to Yuya. [68] 
 During the riot, Zuzu looked for a way out but was found by Gong. She told Gong that her bracelet was shining and something must have happened to Yuya. Gong told her that Duel Academy had invaded the Synchro Dimension and Yuya might be Dueling them. Before they could do anything they were separated from each other by the rioting inmates. [69] 
 
           Zuzu talking to a chained up Yuya.     
             
 While attempting to look for Yuya, Zuzu fell, but her bracelet began to glow again and acted as a compass in directing her to where Yuya was. [70]  Zuzu then arrived only to realize Yuya was awakened. As she made her way towards Yuya, her bracelet teleported both Yugo and Yuri away from the area, but also caused Yuya to be blown back into the ceiling, returning him to his normal senses. But Zuzu was trapped by Sergey's " Earthbound Prison " and watched  Barrett  taking Celina back to Duel Academy. After Yuya freed Zuzu from Sergey's  Field Spell , the Obelisk Force blocked her, but Moon Shadow arrived just in time to save her from them. The Obelisk Force retreated because of the absence of Barrett and Yuri. After Yuya lost his Duel to Sergey, Sergey knocked Moon Shadow away and captured Zuzu, even though Sora and Moon Shadow's " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " attempted to protect her. Sergey flew Zuzu out of the building and carried her to the Sector Security headquarters. [71]  She was brought in before Sector Security director  Jean-Michel Roget  by a Sector Security member, and he told her of his plan to defeat Jack with Sergey since Jack was the Common's and Topsiders' hope, and Zuzu wondered what Roget was trying to do. Like the others she was shocked at Sergey's transformation and questioned if he was even human. After more boasting from Roget, Zuzu finally realized that Roget's real aim was to take over New Domino City. [72]  As she continued to watch Jack and Sergey Duel, she eventually confronted Roget and told him that he wouldn't rule by oppressing others, and Roget (who was at first legitimately curious and wanted to hear more) eventually dismissed it after she talked about Duels bringing smiles to others. After Sergey started ignoring Action Cards, Roget got upset, and then completely flipped out after he fully broke free from Roget's control. As Roget continued to rage, he ordered Sergey to get an Action Card, but Zuzu told him that it's pointless as the two were no longer in his reach of control. [73] 
 When Roget declared martial law on New Domino City, Zuzu shoved him out of the way and tried to talk the citizens down, but Roget pushed her away and he had her returned to her cell. [74]  Zuzu waited there, praying by herself. [75]  She later heard alarms and wondered if the rioting Commons had made it to Sector Security Headquarters, but it was in fact the work of Sora and Moon Shadow, who opened her cell door to rescue her. [76]  Unfortunately, Roget intercepted them and defeated both Sora and Moon Shadow in a Duel before taking Zuzu with him, planning to return to the Fusion Dimension and use her as a bargaining chip. Zuzu was sickened by Roget's act of disabling the other elevators so that only he could escape and told him that he had lost and was running away. Roget began violently assaulting her, asserting that he had not lost and was simply retreating to plan his next move.  Declan ,  Riley  and Moon Shadow arrived and Declan deduced Roget's plan and ordered him to beg the City's forgiveness. Roget refused, fleeing with Zuzu into another room, trapping both her and Declan there and Dueling Declan. [77] 
 
           Zuzu getting sucked into a wormhole.     
 After Roget lost his Duel against Declan, he tried to run away with Zuzu to Duel Academy, with plans to utilize Zuzu as a leverage so that the Professor won't harm him and also take him under his wing. But while he was escaping in an elevator, Jack and Crow ambushed him and stopped him from escaping. This caused Zuzu to fall of the elevator, but Yuya saved her with the help of " Performapal Whip Snake " and " Performapal Hip Hippo ", and finally had a proper reunion with him. Meanwhile, in a fit of rage and madness, Roget activated his " Interdimensional Travel Device " in order to send New Domino City in the gap between the dimensions, but his device went out of control and opened up a wormhole which swallowed up Roget and closed. When it seemed that everything was fine, another wormhole opened up, which swallowed Zuzu and sent her to an  unknown dimension . [78] 
 
 Heartland City 
           Zuzu arriving in the Fusion Dimension.     
 Zuzu ended up in a strange  City  and wondered if she had returned  Paradise City , but she realized that it was a different city. She saw a boat leaving with children on it and learned that it was going to  Duel Academy , realizing to her horror that she was in the  Fusion Dimension . Zuzu fled from three  Juvenile Officers  after the citizens mistook her for a student who escaped from Duel Academy. After being cornered by the officers, Zuzu was about to Duel them but  a woman  stepped in and commenced a  Battle Royal  with the trio and defeated them with a  Ritual Summon . After the Duel the woman introduced herself as Alexis Rhodes and brought her to her  Duel School . Zuzu learned that its students were all runaways from Duel Academy and was surprised to that the school was also called "You Show Duel School". Alexis led Zuzu to the owner's office and she was shocked to see  Yusho Sakaki . [7]  She ran to him crying and told him how everyone was worried and asked Yusho why he was in the Fusion Dimension. Zuzu found out that he was in the  Xyz Dimension  during its invasion before  Aster Phoenix  sent him across dimensions. [79] 
 
           Zuzu's bracelet warping Yuri away due to Yugo's arrival.     
 Zuzu told Yusho about  Declan  leading the  Lancers  and learned that Yusho left the Standard Dimension because of Declan. She learned that Declan went to the Fusion Dimension three years ago to find his father and then asked Yusho lead to the Lancers to stop Leo. After hearing Declan's desire, Yusho crossed dimensions the same day of his championship match against  the Sledgehammer . After hearing this, Zuzu wanted to tell Yuya that his father was fighting on his own to save everyone. She also learned that he ended up in the Xyz Dimension by accident and taught the Duelists there how to bring smiles before Duel Academy invaded. Before she could hear anymore, he left had to leave for his treatments and she noticed that his leg was injured, learning from Alexis it was Aster's doing. She asked Alexis why Duel Academy started the  interdimensional war  and learned it's because of the  Arc Project . Zuzu learned of Alexis' past at Duel Academy and of her dream to make everyone smile with Dueling. Two students then arrived with another friend and informed Zuzu and Alexis that Duel Academy had found them while they were trying to defend their friend. Zuzu and Alexis arrived at the harbor too late to prevent a Duelist from Duel Academy sealing six students into cards. Zuzu recognized the Duelist as the person who had chased her, and the Duelist introduced himself as Yuri. As Yuri attempted to take Zuzu back to the Professor, Alexis stepped in to defend her. Just then  Yugo  arrived, activating Zuzu's bracelet and causing Yuri to disappear. When Yugo started running to Zuzu to hug her (due to his relief at seeing her alive after her loss against Sergey), she smacked him with her paper fan. Yugo told Zuzu that Duel Academy and  Rin  were here and Zuzu told him that both  Lulu  and Celina were there, informing Yugo that Celina was recaptured. [80] 
 
           Zuzu's bracelet  warping Yugo away due to Yuya's arrival.     
 Zuzu, Alexis, and Yugo returned to You Show Duel School and rallied everyone to battle Duel Academy. Yusho announced his intention to accompany them to negotiate with Leo, though Zuzu didn't want him to push himself.  Dennis  arrived with squad of soldiers to capture Zuzu. She was surprised when Dennis revealed he was one of Yusho's students and he challenged Yusho to a Duel. Yusho surprised her by simply Setting a single card, but he used it to distract Dennis and she and Yugo escaped on Yugo's Duel Runner. They were pursued by Duel Academy soldiers and attacked by " Ancient Gear Soldiers " and " Armor Canine - Bullcopters ". When they were cornered, Zuzu dismounted and she prepared to fight. Yugo was ready to protect Zuzu but her bracelet activated and teleported him away due to the arrival of Yuya, Gong, Sylvio, and  another Duelist ; Zuzu was concerned for Yugo, but overjoyed to see Yuya again. [81]  Zuzu tried to tell Yuya about his father, but to her surprise,  Iggy Arlo  attacked Yuya. Dennis brought out more Duel Academy soldiers to capture her, and Zuzu told Yuya to focus on his Duel with Iggy while Sylvio and Gong protected her. However, the Duel was left unfinished due to the soldiers being distracted by Yuya and Iggy's Duel. Iggy activated " Evil-Sealing Flash ", and Zuzu realized that he intended to end the Duel in a  DRAW . Yuya fell into the pit, but to her relief he escaped and she clapped with everyone else for Yuya and Iggy's Duel. [82] 
 
           Zuzu captured by Celina.     
 Zuzu took Yuya, Gong, and Sylvio to the harbor and told Yuya that his father was there. However the ship that Yusho had boarded had left and they tried to find a boat to catch up with it. They were unable to find one, but  Celina  appeared and told them to follow her. [83]  While sailing on  Captain Cutter 's ship, Celina told the Lancers how she escaped and found out where Lulu and Rin are. More Duel Academy soldiers arrived by helicopter and Celina took Zuzu hostage. As they returned to Duel Academy, Celina reported that she had captured Zuzu. Zuzu asked Celina why she had betrayed her comrades, but Celina ignored her question. [84]  When they reached Duel Academy, Celina threw her into a cell. Zuzu asked her why she was doing this, but Celina merely replied that the Lancers would be defeated. [85] 
 
           Zuzu brainwashed by The Doktor.     
 Zuzu was  brainwashed  by  The Doktor  and she and Rin were brought to his control room to watch Yuya and  Yuto  Dueling Lulu and Celina. [86]  The Doktor showed her in her brainwashed state to Yuya to taunt him, but this prompted Yuya to win the Duel in a fit of rage. Yuya pursued Lulu and Celina to the Doktor's control room, where the Doktor trapped him in a cage, and Zuzu left with her counterparts and the Doktor, heedless of Yuya's cries. [87] 
 
 Duel Academy 
           Zuzu and her counterparts in tubes behind the Professor.     
Zuzu and  her counterparts  were summoned to  the Professor's  inner chambers in capsules and they were freed from  the Doktor 's control when the Professor sealed him into  a card . She was happy to see  Yuya  but the Professor blocked Yuya from getting to her. She learned how the Professor's daughter  Ray  defeated the  Supreme King Z-ARC  using  fo ur   ca rds  and split the  United World  into  Four Dimensions . Zuzu was surprised when the Professor revealed that she and her counterparts were reincarnations of Ray and that he planned to fuse them back into her using  ARC-V . The Professor revealed that Yuya was one            Zuzu thinking about Yuya's rage     of  Z-ARC 's reincarnations, and Zuzu retorted that he was lying because Yuya wasn't like that. The Professor reminded Zuzu how Yuya had increased in power after absorbing  Yuto , and Zuzu remembered the rage that Yuya went through. [88] 
 To their shock, the girls' capsules began moving next to ARC-V. Yuya warned Leo that he couldn't forgive him for his plans, and Zuzu called out to him in worry. During  Declan 's turn after  Rin  expressed surprise when Declan  Synchro Summoned ,  Celina  told Rin that Declan used all Summoning methods, and Zuzu clarified that Declan could  Fusion  and  Xyz Summon  too. To her joy, Yuya vowed to protect her and her counterparts, but she was worried when Leo destroyed Yuya's " Odd-Eyes ". The girls' capsules began to glow, and Zuzu screamed for Yuya. Zuzu's danger caused Yuya to enter his  Awakened  state again, and to Zuzu's surprise and disbelief, Leo claimed that Z-ARC was the demon dwelling within Yuya. She watched Leo take damage from the effect of Yuya's " Performapal Gatling Ghoul " and called out to Yuya in his rage. [89] 
 
           Zuzu faints as ARC-V continues to power up.     
 As the Duel progressed and Leo began pushing Yuya and Declan back, Zuzu began to wonder whether Yuya was still himself or Z-ARC. She watched Yuya making contact with Declan and bringing out " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ". Leo believed that Yuya was already Z-ARC, but Zuzu believed that Yuya was still there. She and her counterparts were surprised to see a dragon's silhouette form from Yuya's  dark aura . As Yuya prepared to attack Leo a second time, Zuzu begged him to stop and not to give into anger, believing that the real Yuya and Yuto were still there and she begged him to return. However, ARC-V powered up even more, causing Zuzu to scream, and Yuya continued his attack to save her as Zuzu cried his name. Yuya prepared to use the effect of " Performapal Nightmare Knight ", and Zuzu realized that Declan would be defeated as well. Yusho stepped in and restrained Yuya with " Binding Swords of Impact ", and to her surprise he revealed that he believed that they were Ray's alter egos and that Yuya was Z-ARC's. Yusho explained that Zuzu became  Skip 's daughter in order to remain close to Yuya and prevent Z-ARC's revival due to Ray's will. [90]  Despite her predicament, Zuzu remained worried about Yuya and and she and her counterparts passed out when the energy output of ARC-V increased to fifty percent. [91]  While they were unconscious, purple energy passed from Zuzu and her counterparts' bodies into  Riley . She shed tears while she was unconscious and was transferred into ARC-V when it was at sixty percent. [92] 
 
           Zuzu talks to Yuya within Z-ARC.     
 When Declan, Riley, and Ray tried to awaken Yuya's soul within Z-ARC, Zuzu helped Yuya to remember how he wanted make people around the world smile. However, Z-ARC tried to deny those smiles and spread fear, Zuzu reminded Yuya how he wanted to save her and told him to respond to everyone's thoughts. [93] 
 
           Zuzu returns to the Pendulum Dimension.     
 Following Z-ARC's defeat and everyone returning to the  Standard Dimension , now reborn as the  "Pendulum Dimension" , almost everyone has no memories of Zuzu and their adventures. However, Skip was attempting to remember her after hitting Yuya with her fan. [94]  When he was about to go put it in the storage room, Skip regained his memories of her and told Yuya that she was gone, causing everyone to remember Zuzu. [95]  Declan theorized that she is most likely still inside the remnants of ARC-V. [96]  Leo managed to collect what appeared to be Ray's spirit, though he was unsure that it was Ray and theorized that Ray's fragments would eventually revive as Zuzu. [97]  After Yuya defeated Declan, Ray revived as Zuzu with Celina, Rin, and Lulu still apart of her when she reacted to their Duel. She told Yuya that she believed in him and could make everyone smile with his Dueling. She was then surprised when Yusho appeared at the stadium and challenged Yuya to a Duel. [98] 
 
 Relationships 
 Yuya Sakaki 
           Yuya & Zuzu share a loving moment.     
 Zuzu and  Yuya  have been best friends since childhood. Yuya respects her greatly, and he is also grateful for her help over the years. Zuzu in return, is very supportive of Yuya and among his other friends. She is the one who hangs out with Yuya the most and often defends him when someone insults him. Whenever either of them gets depressed, the other is usually the one who gets them out of the depression. Though she cares about Yuya, Zuzu occasionally gets annoyed with Yuya's antics and whacks him with her paper fan whenever he does anything foolish. Zuzu blushed when  Sora  and  Chojiro  mistook her as his girlfriend. She hugged Yuya after her loss to  Julia  (only to push him away after Julia commented on the situation), and showed jealousy whenever  Aura  made advances towards him or called him "darling", though Yuya is oblivious to these advances. Her bond with Yuya is what drove her to become stronger so that she could protect her friends and  You Show Duel School , and in return, this drove Yuya to push the boundaries of  Pendulum Summoning . Yuya's feelings regarding Zuzu are more complex, but no less caring. Over the course of the series, there are many hints that Zuzu sees Yuya as more than just a friend, especially when she saw that Yuya was determined to bring her back to the Standard Dimension and end the Dimensional War against Duel Academy. The bond between them culminated in Zuzu's speech to Z-ARC that she believed that Yuya was not a demon despite being the reincarnation of the destroyer of the Original Dimension, allowing for Yuya to break free of Z-ARC's control and allow Ray/Riley to defeat him. It is therefore likely to assume that the two do have a mutual affection and love for one another. Upon her return to the Pendulum Dimension, Zuzu was shown to be incredibly happy to be reunited with Yuya as she was not only crying tears of joy, but also shared a smile with him.
 
 Skip Boyle 
 Zuzu is often annoyed by  her father's  goofy nature, which causes her to beat him with her paper fan. However, as father and daughter, they care for each other and Skip is shown to be a very supportive father, who often encourages her and cheers for her when she Duels. Zuzu in return promises that she will win. Skip cares deeply about his daughter, having raised her as a single parent and is distraught upon hearing of her disappearance.
 
 Sora Perse 
 Zuzu and Sora get along well; Zuzu is more tolerant of Sora's antics than most people. After Sora taught her  Fusion Summoning , she saw him as her teacher. She was also willing to believe that Sora had turned away from Duel Academy after he helped save her.
 It is Zuzu's bond and the time she spent with Sora that convinced Sora to save Zuzu from Duel Academy no matter the cost and deliver her safely back to Yuya. Like Celina, Sora's priorities lies in rescuing Zuzu from the forces of Duel Academy.
 
 Yuto 
 When  Yuto  met her for the first time, he mistook her for  Lulu Obsidian  and grew protective of her. Zuzu, in turn, mistook him as  Yuya . After seeing Zuzu use  Fusion Summoning , something Lulu never did, he realized that she was not Lulu at all, but he continued to look after Zuzu until his defeat at  Yugo 's hands.
 
 Yugo 
 When they met for the first time,  Yugo  mistook her for  Rin . Yugo's appearance also saved Zuzu from  Yuri  by activating  her bracelet , which teleported the latter away. When they were transported to the  Synchro Dimension , Yugo and Zuzu developed a close friendship. After Zuzu told Yugo what she knew about the interdimensional war, the two cooperated to warn everyone about it. Much like Yuya, Zuzu is frequently annoyed by Yugo's antics and often smacks him with her paper fan just like she does with Yuya.
 
 Aura Sentia 
 Aura  and Zuzu have a rivalry for  Yuya 's affections, despite him being largely oblivious. Zuzu gets jealous whenever Aura makes advances or calls Yuya "darling" (or Duel Mate in the dub). Zuzu hates her a lot. Despite this, Aura believes that Zuzu is Yuya's true girlfriend as she was angered when she saw  Yugo  and Zuzu together, as she believed Zuzu to be cheating on Yuya.
 
 Celina 
 Zuzu and  Celina  are on good terms. At first Celina didn't take much notice of Zuzu, but Zuzu was shocked at how similar they looked. Celina held herself responsible for Zuzu's disappearence and was not afraid to admit it. Celina cares for Zuzu deeply as friend and sister, declaring that she'll never let Duel Academy have Zuzu. Her encounter with Zuzu has left Celina ensuring Zuzu's safety from Duel Academy remain one of her priorities.
 When they finally reunite, Celina was alarmed to see Zuzu and yelled at her to run away from the Obelisk Force. When Zuzu was twice trapped by the Obelisk Force and Sergey, Celina was furious with her helpless state and her inability to get Zuzu to safety. Zuzu sadly watched in shock Celina being forced to return with Barrett. When they both reunite with each other in the Fusion Dimension, Zuzu was happy to see that she was safe but saddened when Celina kidnapped her and betrayed the Lancers, until she and her counterparts were freed from the  Parasite Monsters  control.
 
 Frank, Amanda, and Tarren 
 Crow's three kids were the first people she met after her Duel with Sergey. They exchanged information and became fast friends as the kids took Zuzu with them to watch Crow's duel against Shay, and Zuzu found out that Crow helped Yuya and the Lancers. Zuzu took the role of acting as a surrogate older sister when she told them off for doing dangerous things while watching Crow and Shay, and became the first person to notice that Tarren was missing. While the three unintentionally led Security to Zuzu, she apologized for dragging the three children into her mess and urged them to flee, but they refused to abandon her. Frank, Amanda, and Tarren are also the first Synchro Dimension residents to seriously consider Duel Academy's threat (Crow only believed after seeing the Obelisk Force during his duel with Yuya) and witnesses to Sora's first steps of his eventual defection from Duel Academy.
 Throughout the time at the Underground, the three actively kept watch on Zuzu, reassuring her to trust Sora, continuously dissuading her from trying to rescue Yuya all by herself or leaving the Underground Facility, and urging her to listen to Sora, Gong, and Chojiro. They became frantic when they realized that Zuzu has finally escaped and are currently active in efforts to find and bring Zuzu back under the protection of Crow and the Lancers. Their bond with Zuzu is best shown when Frank and Tanner declared that they, too, will fight to keep Zuzu safe only to be quiet when Amanda reminds them that they don't have Duel Disks.
 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Zuzu first met Alexis when she was surrounded by three Juvenile Officers; Alexis dueled them in her place, defending her despite not knowing who she was. [7]  After bringing her to You Show Duel School, Alexis explained to Zuzu how she met Yusho and how she became determined and inspired to uphold his philosophy to entertain everyone with dueling. Zuzu, wanting to do the same, agreed to help Alexis bring her dream into reality. [80] 
 After the failure of the  Arc Project  and the Standard Dimension's rebirth into the "Pendulum Dimension", Alexis learned of Zuzu's part and fate within both events, but nonetheless believed she could be revived. She would later watch Yuya defeat Declan and be brought to the Pendulum Dimension to witness Ray's revival as Zuzu.
 
 Other appearances 
 Yuzu Hiiragi (manga) Yuzu Hiiragi (DY) Zuzu Boyle (Tag Force) 
 Deck 
 Zuzu uses a  " Melodious " Deck , focusing on  swarming  tactics through cards such as " Sonata the Melodious Diva " and " 1st Movement Solo ", giving her early access to her  ace , " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ". After her loss to  Julia Krystal , she decided to learn how to  Fusion Summon , and began practicing incorporating that strategy into her Deck, using cards such as " Soprano the Melodious Songstress ", " De-Fusion " and " Fusion Cycle ". She also included cards to work with her new  ace , " Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir " such as " Pianissimo " and " Slow Tempo ". She is also shown to utilize a large amount of  Fairy  and  LIGHT  support cards as well as multiple copies of her "Melodious" monsters, shown when she dropped her Deck. [16] [29] 
 
 
 Melodious Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Aria the Melodious Diva  x2 
 Canon the Melodious Diva  x3 
 Crystal Rose [Notes 1] 
 Elegy the Melodious Diva 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Mozarta the Melodious Maestra 
 Opera the Melodious Diva 
 Score the Melodious Diva 
 Serenade the Melodious Diva 
 Shopina the Melodious Maestra 
 Solo the Melodious Songstress 
 Sonata the Melodious Diva  x2 
 Soprano the Melodious Songstress 
 Tamtam the Melodious Diva Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Bloom Diva the Melodious Choir 
 Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir 
 Schuberta the Melodious Maestra Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 1st Movement Solo 
 Cards from the Sky 
 Cestus of Dagla 
 De-Fusion 
 Fortissimo 
 Mystical Space Typhoon [Notes 2] 
 Pianissimo 
 Piping Pipes 
 Polymerization  x2 [Notes 3] 
 Re-Fusion [Notes 4] 
 Slow Tempo 
 The Fountain in the Sky 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Fusion Cycle 
 Melodious Illusion 
 Melodious Rhythm Change 
 Miraculous Descent 
 Musical Mayhem 
 
 Others Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue White Butterfly [Notes 5] 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower [Notes 5] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 2 
 Win
 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 10 
 Lose
 
 
 Sora Perse 
 18 
 No result
 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 29 
 Win
 
 
 Micky Starlett 
 40 
 Win
 
 
 Halil  and  Olga 
 42 - 43 
 Win (with  Gong Strong )
 
 
 Dennis McField 
 44 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuri 
 47 
 No result
 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 69 
 Win
 
 
 Sergey Volkov 
 77 
 Lose
 
 
 4  Duel Chasers 
 83 
 Win (with  Sora Perse )
 
 Trivia 
 Ironically, despite being  Ray Akaba 's Pendulum reincarnation, Zuzu does not own any  Pendulum Monsters .
 While she  Pendulum Summoned  twice during the Arc League Championship, she did so using " Pendulumstatue " cards that were scattered around to be picked up by the Duelists, and likely vanished when it ended as they were generated by the ARC System just like Action Cards. 
 Like the past female leads, Zuzu is the fifth to get brainwashed by the enemy. However, she is only the second (the first being  Téa ) to not Duel against her series'  main protagonist  as an antagonist. 
 Zuzu is the only reincarnation of Ray Akaba to not Duel against anyone while under  the Doktor 's control. As a result, she is also the only one to not use the card " Fusion Parasite ". 
 Zuzu is the first female lead to defeat the main protagonist of her series in a Duel. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Personnages" . gulli.fr .  https://www.gulli.fr/Chaine-TV/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-ARC-V/Personnages/Zuzu-Boyle . Retrieved April 29, 2015 . 
 
 ↑   "Blider zur Sendung Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V" . tvinfo .  https://www.tvinfo.de/fernsehprogramm/268164813-yu-gi-oh-arc-v/bilder . Retrieved February 25, 2015 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 77: " A Cons Game " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   "Character" . TVTokyo. February 21, 2014 .  https://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_3.html . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑   "IL MONDO DEI DOPPIATORI - La pagina di MARTINA FELLI" . AntonioGenna.net .  https://www.antoniogenna.net/doppiaggio/voci/vocimfelli.htm .   (Italian) 
 
 ↑   "Deutsche Sprecher für „Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V” bei YEP! stehen fest" . Animanga Network .  https://www.anime2you.de/news/23710/deutsche-sprecher-fuer-yu-gi-oh-arc-v-bei-yep-stehen-fest/ . Retrieved March 6, 2015 .   (German) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 100: " A Warlike Welcome " 
 
 ↑   "OCG V-Jump Time" . YGOrganization. February 17, 2014 .  https://www.ygorganization.com/ocg-v-jump-time/ . 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   13.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  16.0   16.1   16.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 18: " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 5: " Toying Around: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 6: " Toying Around: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 7: " Mr. Mystery " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 15: " In it to Win it " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  29.0   29.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 29: " Fusion Foes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 30: " Gong the Strong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 34: " Making the Cut: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 35: " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 37: " A Dark Reflection " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 40: " Stealth Warriors " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 42: " Battle Fields " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 43: " Fire And Ice " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑  50.0   50.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 54: " City 'Scape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 55: " Tops Speed " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 64: " Match with the Master " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 69: " A Concerted Effort " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 71: " Duel Consequences " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 72: " Turbotainers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 74: " A Traitor Unmasked " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 76: " Plans of Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 82: " Warriors of the Air " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 83: " A Matter of Trust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 84: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 92: " Tragic Reunion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 94: " Road Rage: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑  80.0   80.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 114: " All Duel Hands on Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 124: " Paraside Seeing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 128: " What Lurks Beneath " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 129: " A Duel Within " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 130: " Duel Interrupted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 131: " Sibling Standoff " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 145: " Closure by Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is received from  Julia Krystal  in  episode 29 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when she looks through her Deck in  episode 18 . 
 
 ↑   This card is received from  Sora Perse  in  episode 15 . A second copy of this card can be seen in her Deck in  episode 18 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in her  hand  in  episode 77 . 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   This card is acquired in  episode 42 . 
 
 
 v e 
Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Zuzu_Boyle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150512062240', None, None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Zuzu_with_her_hair_down.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150628131501', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Young_Zuzu2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170213060418', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/ZuzuSmacksSkip.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140408195824', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/Zuzu%2C_the_cute_yet_jealous.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161230220108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Zuzu_Serious_Looks.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180708234151', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Baby_Zuzu2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170213061404', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Zuzu11.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190924234330', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/Yuzu_panics.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150208193517', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/I_Dont_Want_you_to_Get_Hurt.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140906095432', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/Zuzu_Sees_yuya_as_Yuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141009052003', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/ArcV_010.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140615123602', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Zuzu_starts_crying.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150128233654', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/ARC-V29EndingShot.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141026090729', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Zuzu_sees_Yuto%27s_card.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150208193606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Zuzu_concerned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150128235455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/Zuzu%27s_victory_pose.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150310014445', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Moon_Shadow_saves_Zuzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150305172038', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/Zuzu_in_Selena%27s_clothes.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150308144647', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Yuzu_and_Yugo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150315100511', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Yuzu_surprised_at_hearing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150509173721', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/YuzuYugoWanted.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401083754', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Zuzu_Warning_about_the_Fusion_Dimension.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150528101748', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/Yuya_Chained_Up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160304095515', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Zuzu_talking_to_Yuya.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180708233928', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Zuzu_getting_sucked_in_a_Wormhole.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160403214935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/ZuzuWakesUpInFusion.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160531113258', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Yugo_Arrives_as_Yuri_is_Warped_Away.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160818052632', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Zuzu%27s_Bracelet_Warps_Yugo_Away.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160704024124', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Celina_captures_Zuzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160724143950', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Zuzu_Brainwashed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928035625', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Braceletgirls.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161016154746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/Zuzu_thinking_about_Yuya.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180709091314', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Zuzu_Faints_as_ARC-V_Begins.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161106101522', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Zuzu_Talks_To_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170129141531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Zuzu_returns.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170327141604', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Yuya_%26_Zuzu_share_a_moment.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20161230202831', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Yuzu_%28Manga%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/181?cb=20151121170247', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Yuzu_%28DY%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20150401164836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Zuzu-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150622134317', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Zuzu Boyle pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters, Original Dimension, Dimension Counterparts