Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Joey_Wheeler_and_Espa_Roba%27s_Duel


 
 Joey Wheeler and Espa Roba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler and Espa Roba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Joey Wheeler Espa Roba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 Street 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 58:  " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " 59:  " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  and  Espa Roba  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Battle City  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on   Katsuya Jonouchi and Esper Roba's Duel  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Prior Events 
 2   Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Espa Roba 
 3   Aftermath 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Prior Events 
 As Joey Wheeler is looking for a new opponent to duel, he arrives just in time to see  Rex Raptor  be defeated by  Espa Roba . After Rex's defeat, he gives Espa his " Serpent Night Dragon " and his  Locator Card  as per the rules. When Espa asks who would like to duel him next, two duelists are afraid to do so, but then Espa notices Joey and challenges him to a duel, saying it would be an honor to duel against the runner-up of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament.
 At the hospital,  Tristan Taylor  greets  Serenity Wheeler  and sets up a laptop on a table next to her bed. Since all Battle City duels are being monitored, Joey might be dueling, and event though she has her eyes covered, Tristan can give her a play-by-play.
 Joey and Espa set the stakes:
 Espa Roba wagers his " Jinzo " and Joey wagers his " Time Wizard "
 
 Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Espa Roba 
 Turn 1: Joey 
Joey's opening hand shows "Swordsman of Landstar", "Skull Dice", " Battle Warrior ", "Giltia the D. Knight", and " Flame Swordsman ". Joey attempts to  Normal Summon  " Giltia the D. Knight " in  Attack Position . 
 However, Espa and  Rex inform Joey that since the  Summoning Conditions  in  Battle City  are different than those in  Duelist Kingdom , a Level 5 or higher  monster  requires at least 1  tribute . Since this is an illegal move, "Giltia the D. Knight" is  removed from play .
 Turn 2: Espa 
Espa draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Cyber Raider " (1400/1000) in  Attack Position . "Cyber Raider"  attacks  directly ( Joey  4000 → 2600).
 Turn 3: Joey 
Joey draws "Graceful Dice". Joey's hand contains "Swordsman of Landstar", "Graceful Dice", "Skull Dice", "Battle Warrior", and "Flame Swordsman". Joey  Normal Summons  " Swordsman of Landstar " (500/1200) in Attack Position and  Sets  two cards.
 Yugi watches the duel and notices three boys, each one being one of Espa's younger brothers watching the cards in Joey's hand and relay the information to Espa.
 Turn 4: Espa 
Espa draws. He receives information from his brothers that Joey has two "Graceful Dice" cards in his hand, and Espa himself guesses both of Joey's face-down cards are Graceful Dice. He then  Tributes  "Cyber Raider" to  Tribute Summon  " The Fiend Megacyber " (2200/1200) in  Attack Position . 
 "The Fiend Megacyber"  attacks  "Swordsman of Landstar", but  Joey   activates  his face-down " Graceful Dice " to roll a die and multiply the ATK of "Swordsman of Landstar" by the result. Joey gets a three ("Swordsman of Landstar": 500 → 1500/1200). Joey then activates his other face-down card. Espa tells him he can't activate both "Graceful Dice" cards on the same turn, but Joey reveals the other card wasn't "Graceful Dice", but rather  Skull Dice ". Joey activates "Skull Dice"to roll a die and divide the ATK of "The Fiend Megacyber" by the result. Joey gets a five ("The Fiend Megacyber": 2200 → 440/1200). "Swordsman of Landstar" destroys "The Fiend Megacyber" ( Espa  4000 → 2940). 
 At this point,  Joey  points out that  Espa Roba  was cheating and  Commissioner Mokuba  catches  Espa Roba 's brothers helping him. Mokuba is about to expel Espa from the Duel and Battle City, but Espa's brothers explain to Mokuba why they were doing this and after a little argument, Mokuba decides not to cancel the Duel, provided Espa's brother's don't relay any more info to Espa. Espa  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Alligator's Sword " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in Attack Position. "Alligator's Sword"  attacks  directly ( Espa  2940 → 1440). "Swordsman of Landstar" then  attacks  directly, but  Espa   activates  his face-down " Mind Control " to take  control  of "Swordsman of Landstar".
 Turn 6: Espa 
Espa draws. He then passes.
 When Joey wonders why Espa didn't attack, Yugi, observing the duel, states if Espa activated "Mind Control" when "Aligator Sword" attacked, he could use "Alligator Sword" to destroy Joey's "Swordsman of Landstar" resulting in a double KO, but instead he allowed Joey to attack him directly with "Alligator's Sword" so he can use "Mind Control" on "Swordsman of Landstar"
 Turn 7: Joey 
At this point Joey think's there is only one reason why he would wait until Espa activated "Mind Control" to trap Joey's "Swordsman of Landstar". he wants to use it as a tribute to summon a monster of a higher level.
 Joey  draws. He then  Sets  " Chasm of Spikes ".
 Turn 8: Espa 
Espa draws " Jinzo ". He then  Tributes  "Swordsman of Landstar" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Jinzo" (2400/1500) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Jinzo",  Joey 's  Set  "Chasm of Spikes" is destroyed. While  Jinzo  is on the  field , its  effect  prevents the  activation  of  Trap Cards  and no Trap Cards can be Set either. He then  activates  " Amplifier ",  equipping  it to "Jinzo" and increasing its  ATK  by 500 ("Jinzo": 2400 → 2900/1500). Also "Amplifier" will increase the ATK of "Jinzo" by 300 during each of Espa's Standby Phases. "Jinzo"  attacks  and  destroys  " Alligator's Sword " ( Joey  2600 LP → 1200 LP).
 Turn 9: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Baby Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/700) in  Attack Position . Joey then  activates  " Time Wizard " as a Magic Card. He then activates the effect of "Time Wizard". Joey succeeds in the effect, so "Baby Dragon" transforms into " Thousand Dragon " (2400/2000), but " Jinzo " is unaffected by the effect of "Time Wizard". Espa explains that is because the armor of "Jinzo" can't age or corrode, for 10,000 years. "Thousand Dragon" attacks "Jinzo" before Joey realizes this. "Jinzo" destroys "Thousand Dragon" ( Joey  1200 LP → 700 LP).  Joey   activates  " Scapegoat " to  Special Summon  four " Sheep Tokens " (0/0 for all four) in  Defense Position .
 At this point, Serenity knows that Tristan had been lying to her about Joey winning since she asked the nurse what was actually happening, but before that, Tristan calls Tea to relay a message to Joey. Serenity isn't angry at Tristan but asks is she can cheer for Joey in spirit.
 Turn 10: Espa 
Espa draws. On Espa's Standby Phase, the second effect of "Amplifier" activates ("Jinzo": 2900 → 3200/1500).  Espa  then  Normal Summons  " Reflect Bounder " (1700/1000) in  Attack Position . When this monster is attacked, both "Reflect Bounder" and the attacking monster will be destroyed after damage calculation. After that is done, the controller of the attacking monster will take all Battle Damage that Espa would have taken from the battle. "Jinzo" and "Reflect Bounder" then  attack  and  destroy  two "Sheep Tokens".
 Tea and Mr. Muto arrive to relay Tristan's message to Joey, that his friends and Serenity believe in him.
 Turn 11: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Roulette Spider " and subsequently activates it to pay half of his Life Points (Joey 700 LP → 350 LP) [Notes 1]  and target "Jinzo" (as it is the strongest monster Espa has out on the field). "Roulette Spider" then forcibly spins "Jinzo" until Espa tells it to stop. When it does, it will randomly choose a player or monster for "Jinzo" to attack and whatever is chosen will be attacked by "Jinzo". "Jinzo" then begins to spin. When Espa orders Jinzo to stop, The effect of "Roulette Spider" points to "Reflect Bounder" as the target for "Jinzo". "Jinzo" attacks and destroys "Reflect Bounder". Since "Reflect Bounder" was attacked by a monster, its  effect  activates,  destroying  "Jinzo" and inflicting the Battle Damage between the two battling monsters to Espa as "Jinzo" was his monster ( Espa  1440 LP → 0 LP).
 Joey wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Espa is shocked that he lost. He becomes a sore loser when Joey asks him to hand over his locator card and "Jinzo" and explains that he's only dueling for his family, but knocks Joey's hand away when he offers to help him up, unknowingly knocking out his earpiece in the process.
 With some encouragement from his brothers, Espa gives Joey his "Jinzo" and Locator Card.
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written anime lore of "Roulette Spider" does not say that the player needs to pay half of his/her Life Points to activate it. 
 
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Yugioh_episode_58.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126172514']
Categories: Battle City Duels