Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Adrian_Randolph_Crump_III


 
 Adrian Randolph Crump III 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Adrian Randolph Crump III 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Shuzo Otaki 
 
 
 Other   
 Big 2 
 
 
 Japanese   
 大瀧 修三 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 55 [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Accountant 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Team 
 The Big Five 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Penguin / WATER 
 
 
 Deck Master 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Fatal Flyer 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Robert O'Gorman 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Satoshi Tsuruoka (Legendary Heroes) Ryōsuke Ōtani (Virtual World) 
 
 
 German  
 Reinhardt Kuhnert (Virtual World) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Antonio Villar (Spanish) 
 
 
 
 Adrian Randolph Crump III , known as  Shuzo Otaki  in the Japanese version, is a member of  the Big Five . He was formerly a  KaibaCorp  accountant and chief financial officer of KaibaCorp who oversaw the company's finances (Human resources in the original version).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   KaibaCorp 
 2.3   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.4   Legendary Heroes 
 2.5   Virtual Realm 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Parents 
 3.2   Seto Kaiba 
 3.3   Téa Gardner 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Anime 
 4.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Adrian Crump, like the rest of the Big 5, wears a business suit. His double breasted suit is green. Crump has black hair, black eyes and a mustache. He is fairly short and is at least middle-aged and the oldest of the big five next to Gansley (in the Japanese he is stated to be 55). He has furled eyebrows, giving him a Middle Eastern look. Crump is fair skinned. In the Virtual World, he takes the appearance of  Nightmare Penguin .
 
 Personality 
 Crump is portrayed as the most comedic and high strung of the Big Five, as he shows exaggerated facial expressions when hit, or surprised like an animated cartoon character (compared to his associates who all manage to stay serious during their Duels while in Deck Master mode). Ironically, he also seems to be the most tragic member of the Big 5, as he was neglected by his parents as a child.
 Despite being the most comedic and the most tragic, he is also quite sadistic, as he intended to leave Téa frozen for all eternity, which would make her suffer far greater than wandering cyberspace forever as the other four had intended to do to their opponents. He also is narcissistic to an extent, as is his fellow virtual world villain partners and leaders.
 Crump is well known for exhibiting his mathematical reasoning and number crunching abilities around others and is obsessed with both penguins and numbers, especially statistics. He frequently uses statistics in everyday life and likes to gather data about people.
 In the Japanese version, Crump is also a pervert, preferring to inhabit a young girl's body. He shows shades of this in the dub, with his creepy nature and frequently targeting girls bodies.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Crump has a gruff voice In the japanese version adds the age after saying the name of the person. In the dub, He almost always uses numbers, birds and sometimes ice-themed puns in his speech. In the Spanish version (where he is dubbed by Antonio Villar) he does not use the ice-themed puns but does base a lot of puns around numerical and statistical figures.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Crump was an only child. His parents had no time for him since they worked late (in the Japanese version they also used to argue continuously), so he spent most of his time counting things, resulting in his love for numbers. When he found a book about how penguins cared for their young, he became obsessed with penguins and eventually dreamed to build a penguin theme park that would combine his love of numbers and penguins.
 
 KaibaCorp 
 Crump worked as an accountant at  KaibaCorp . Crump, along with four other KaibaCorp employees formed a group known as  the Big Five .  Seto Kaiba , the adoptive son of the head of KaibaCorp, convinced the Big Five that Gozaburo is mistreating them and that he would help restore them to their former power. The Big Five agree, and thus buy 49% of KaibaCorp. Combined with 2% that Gozaburo had previously given to Seto for a test to prove his business skill, the Big Five voted out Gozaburo and voted in Seto as the president of the company. However, Seto quickly backed out on their deal, stripping the Big Five of their power and leaving them little more than figureheads and consultants. Crump proposed his penguin dream theme park to Seto as part of a KaibaCorp project. Seto instantly refused, hurting Crump even more.
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Furious over their betrayal, the Big Five strike a deal with the president of  Industrial Illusions ,  Maximillion Pegasus  in an attempt to overthrow Seto. If Pegasus defeats Seto and  Yugi Muto  in Duels, then they will use their 49% to vote Pegasus into power of the company by kidnapping  Mokuba Kaiba , who has been entrusted with the security codes to the two percent the Big Five need.
 The Big Five later watch the Duel between Yugi Moto and Maximillion Pegasus on their monitor. The Big Five and Pegasus' plan fails, after Pegasus is defeated by Yugi. In the manga, Crump and the rest of the Big Five are fired by Seto and are never seen again.
 
 Legendary Heroes 
 In the anime, the Big Five avoid being fired, by making excuses and offering Seto his complete virtual reality game as a peace offering.
 Eager to try out the virtual reality game, Kaiba refrains from immediately firing them and enters the virtual world. The Big Five trap Kaiba in the virtual reality.
 However Kaiba is rescued by Mokuba, Yugi Muto,  Joey , and  Mai Valentine . The Big Five reprogram the game and set the " Mythic Dragon " as the final boss. However, it is defeated by Yugi and Kaiba's " Dragon Master Knight ".
 
 Virtual Realm 
       Crump as " Nightmare Penguin ".     
 After losing in Legendary Heroes, the Big Five got trapped in the virtual world, instead of Seto. Here they met up with  Noah Kaiba . Having Seto as a common enemy, they made plans for revenge.
 During the  Battle City  tournament, Noah had the KaibaCorp blimp sucked into an undersea fortress, where the virtual world's main servers are. They force Seto and Mokuba Kaiba, along with Yugi and his friends into the virtual world again. Using an altered set of  Duel Monsters  rules involving  Deck Masters , the Big Five Duel their enemies in the hopes of stealing their bodies to escape the virtual reality.
 
       Crump introducing himself to Téa in his ice castle.     
 Crump took the form of " Nightmare Penguin " to Duel  Téa Gardner . His penguin minions led her to his lair where he told her what he knew about her. Soon after that, Téa chose " Dark Magician Girl " as her own Deck Master. He calculated the odds of them Dueling to be 100% and the odds of him winning to be 99%. As he lowered Téa's  Life Points , she became engulfed in ice, but she managed to defeat Crump thanks to the advice of "Dark Magician Girl" allowing her to play the " Sage's Stone " and Summon " Dark Magician " from Yugi's Deck where he was witnessing the Duel nearby, causing the ice to vanish and defeating Adrian Crump.
 
       Crump and Téa begin their duel.     
 Crump, along with  Gansley ,  Johnson , and  Leichter , having failed to win their targets bodies, went behind Noah's back and attempt to steal the bodies. They chased down  Duke Devlin ,  Serenity Wheeler , and Joey. As they argue over who gets which bodies, Noah made contact and told them off. Since  Nezbitt  didn't rightfully take  Tristan Taylor 's body- Nezbitt had been facing Tristan, Duke and Serenity in a single duel but only defeated Tristan when he sacrificed himself to save Serenity- Noah allowed the Big Five to share Tristan's body in order to Duel Yugi. Should they win, they would get their freedom.
 
         As Crump’s and Téa's life points diminish, ice begins to form around their bodies.     
 The Big Five face Yugi and Joey, using Tristan's body. The 5 each switch control and their Deck Masters throughout the Duel. Crump took many of the early turns, as they were using an " A Legendary Ocean " strategy, which suited his Deck Master effect. Towards the end of the Duel, the Big Five uses " Dragon Revival Ritual " to combine their Deck Masters into the " Mythic Dragon " again. The dragon is destroyed by Yugi and Joey's " Mirage Knight ", but the Big 5 use " A Deal with Dark Ruler " to make " Berserk Dragon " their Deck Master. Ultimately, it is destroyed by " Dark Magician Knight ", costing them the Duel. Adrian III, Gansley, and Leichter blame Johnson for their defeat. The Big Five again try to steal the heroes' bodies but fail thanks to Noah putting them back into Tristan's body and sending them away.
 Noah refused to give the Big Five any more chances after that. In the original version, Noah deleted Crump and the rest of the Big Five. In the dub, Noah imprisoned them in the different corners of the Virtual World, and they were supposedly destroyed when the Virtual World was blown up.
 
 Relationships 
 Parents 
 Little is known about his relationships with his parents, but in the Japanese version, it is said that his parents argued a lot. Crump is likely mad at his parents for paying little attention to him.
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Crump is deeply hating of his ex-boss. Crump, along with his comrades, tried to take down Seto twice in the past but failed. The major reason why Adrian hates Kaiba is the former  Duel Monsters  champion rejected his idea of building a penguin theme park.
 
 Téa Gardner 
         During their duel, Crump was sadistic seeing Téa’s body in ice.     
 Needing a body in order to escape the Virtual World, Crump decided to Duel Téa in order to steal and possess hers. During this Duel, Crump had set ice to rise around the players’ bodies as their LP decreased. Throughout the Duel, Crump was sadistic watching Téa shiver as her body was more and more covered in ice. Crump severely underestimated Téa, arrogantly seeing her as posing little threat. Ultimately, Téa defeated him before her LP ran out and her body nearly completely froze. Téa, therefore finds Crump disturbing and is uncomfortable near him.
 
 Deck 
 Anime 
 Crump uses a  " Penguin / WATER " Deck . His main strategy involves his  Deck Master ability  to change his  WATER   monsters  into  Beatsticks . He also uses " Defender Iceberg " with " Penguin Torpedo " to easily  attack   directly .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Bolt Penguin 
 Flying Penguin 
 Giant Red Seasnake 
 Effect Monsters 
 Defender Iceberg 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 Penguin Torpedo Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cold Wave 
 Ocean of Regeneration 
 Penguin Sword 
 Revenge Sacrifice 
 Traps 
 Driving Snow 
 Gust [Notes 1] 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 Fatal Flyer Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Giant Red Seasnake  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Abyss Soldier  x2 
 Catapult Turtle  x2 
 Granadora  x2 
 Magician of Faith  x2 
 Mother Grizzly  x3 
 Penguin Knight 
 Penguin Soldier  x3 
 Sangan 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Tribe-Infecting Virus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Legendary Ocean  x3 
 Cold Wave  x2 
 Delinquent Duo 
 Graceful Charity 
 Level Limit - Area B  x2 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Driving Snow 
 Gravity Bind  x2 
 Gust 
 Magic Jammer 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Téa Gardner 
 102 - 103 
 Lose
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi  and  Joey Wheeler 
 111 - 113 
 Lose (with  The Big Five ; through  Tristan Taylor )
 
 Trivia 
 Crump is likely named after Melanie Crump, executive assistant to the vice president of human resources for  4Kids Entertainment  at the time. 
 In the dub, Crump is the only member of the Big Five whose full name is revealed. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This  Set  card is  destroyed  by " Mystical Space Typhoon " in  episode 102 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 ↑   Freeze Play 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Crump.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131204040446', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Crump.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070814220732', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/T%C3%A9a_Meets_Crump.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20210327002846', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/TeaDMGCrump.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20200924074236', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/Frozen_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/311?cb=20200721182731', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/Ice_cold_Tea.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/140?cb=20200717202437']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters