Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_085


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 085 
 
 
 
 
 " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " clashes with " Lunalight Leo Dancer ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 水 晶 の 翼 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Suishō no Tsubasa 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Crystal Wings 
 
 
 English 
 A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 085 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 December 13, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 14, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 February 25, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " 
 " Against All Odds " 
 
 
 
 

" A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 ", known as " Crystal Wings " in the Japanese version, is the eighty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on December 13, 2015 and in Australia on November 14, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on February 14, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu (US) in January 2018.
 While  Roget 's plans are unfolding, causing the  Duel  to move towards  Celina 's favor, the two  Duelists  keep exchanging  attacks , bringing excitement to the audience! Meanwhile,  Yuya , who has been locked up,  synchronizes  his mind with  Yugo 's, causing him to feel the  Turbo Duel  as Yugo does. Yuya and Yugo's minds bring the Duel towards a new direction...!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Celina vs. Yugo 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Melissa Trail  is commentating on the  Turbo Duel  between  Celina  and  Yugo . She states that Yugo had missed an Action Card, but after banking on a huge stroke of luck, was able to  Synchro Summon  his " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ". Yugo comments on his own comeback in the duel, and asks  Rin  if she agrees. Celina barks that no one around them is called Rin, and Yugo apologizes. She remarks that Yugo may have summoned a stronger monster, but is still at a disadvantage. With that, " Lunalight Panther Dancer " is ordered to go for the dragon. Yugo says he isn't just reducing the damage he's taking. He activates " Dicetadium of Fate ", targets "Clear Wing" with it and banks on another die roll, as Celina notes with a smile, impressed at Yugo's perseverance.  
 Yugo says all duels are won by luck at times, and rolls the die. It lands on a six, and Melissa commentates that "Clear Wing" is both spared from destruction and boosted up by 1000 ATK, to Celina's shock. With Melissa now noting the ATK advantage that "Clear Wing" has,  Crow , watching from inside, also thought Celina had it easy. The attack closes in and Celina knows she cannot prevent it. However,  Roget  switches course points, which alerts both Celina and Yugo. Celina makes the turn and grabs an  Action Card . Yugo comments underhandedly that she always gets Action Cards when the course changes; upon seeing Celina's reaction, he corrects his tone and admits it's a good thing. Celina activates the Action Card she obtained: "Miracle", which spares her "Panther Dancer" from destruction and halves the  Battle Damage  she takes. Thus, "Clear Wing's" ATK gain expires. Celina's fans continue to cheer her on, seemingly unaware that the duel is being rigged in her favour.
 Celina sets a card and brings her turn to a close. As  Jack Atlas  watches, Celina admits that luck saved her on her turn just like it saved Yugo. Celina somehow hears  Yuya  respond with "Are you sure? ("But yours are different" in the dub)" Yugo states that the course change helped her, not luck. He knows Celina has the entire city's support, but it will be him who wins. The combined voice of Yuya and Yugo declares their Draw Phase, and then Yugo alone declares the summon of his " Speedroid Pachingo-Kart ". He uses its effect to destroy "Lunalight Panther Dancer"; although the effect should fail due to "Panther Dancer's" own effect, Yugo chains with "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's" effect, negating "Pachingo-Kart's" effect and destroying it. Celina is shocked at what she sees, because, as Yugo explains, "Clear Wing" then gains ATK equal to the monster whose effect it negated and destroyed, that being "Pachingo-Kart's" 1800. Crow wonders if Yugo was intentionally trying to negate his own monster's effect (in the dub, he says Yugo has an answer for every one of Celina's moves). With that, Yugo and Yuya simultaneously order "Clear Wing" to attack "Panther Dancer". At that point, the course changes again. Neither Yugo nor Celina are happy. This time, Celina intentionally steers clear of the Action Card that she sees. "Panther Dancer" is destroyed and Celina takes damage from the attack, ending up at 2150 Life Points. Even Melissa is commentating her surprise at Celina's decision-making. 
 
       Celina ignoring the  Action Card  provided by  Roget 's interference.     
 Celina is adamant that she doesn't need to be helped to victory, but Yugo thinks otherwise. Alternating with Yuya's voice, he says that no matter what happens, if there's a chance, she should take it. Yugo is reminded of how Rin always used to get mad at him for that. He reveals that he took the Action Card that Celina intentionally missed. With disgust in her voice, Celina dismisses duels that rely on luck, and vows to beat her opponents her way, and speeds up. Yugo agrees, and gives chase, saying he'll also win his own way. Melissa commentates what both duelists have said, as they approach the return stretch to the stadium. Celina activates her face-down " Lunalight Reincarnation Dance ". Since a "Lunalight" Fusion Monster had just been destroyed, she can search out two "Lunalight" monsters in her deck to add to her hand. Yugo sees that she added her  Pendulum Monsters . Celina smiles, saying that she indeed prepared. Yugo sets a card and calls time on his turn, causing "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's" ATK gain to expire once more.
 
       The cards searched out by  Lunalight Reincarnation Dance .     
 Before the start of Celina's next turn, she and Yugo have already returned to the stadium. Both are greeted by loud cheers of their names, Celina's more so than Yugo's. Nobody appears to spot  Yuri  overlooking the stadium on the rooftop, holding a card glowing purple. Yugo acknowledges the loud cheer of support and asks Celina to do the same. Celina responds with a smile, then wonders why she is feeling excited and having a racing pulse. As Yugo acknowledges the chants of his name, he mutters to himself, wondering what he should say (in the dub, he asks when he's ever cared about entertaining the crowd). Celina declares in English, " Ladies and gentlemen! ("Yugo, let's wow the crowd!" in the dub) " and the penny drops on Yugo. The crowd are turned up to eleven, just as Yuya is imagined to be the one acknowledging them instead of Celina and Yugo. 
 Melissa commentates that the duelists have returned onto the highway, and Celina promptly begins her turn. She sets the  Pendulum Scales  with her " Lunalight Wolf " and " Lunalight Tiger ". Using the standard chant, she Pendulum Summons " Lunalight Black Sheep " and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly ". Melissa marvels at Celina's Pendulum Summon as the latter applies the Pendulum Effect of "Lunalight Tiger" to revive "Lunalight Panther Dancer" from her Graveyard with its effects negated. Yugo notes that "Panther Dancer" also cannot attack and is destroyed at the End Phase, so wonders what she will do. Celina responds with her other Pendulum Effect: "Lunalight Wolf" allows her to  Fusion Summon  a "Lunalight" monster once per turn without " Polymerization ". Using "Panther Dancer", "Black Sheep" and "Purple Butterfly" as  Fusion Materials , Celina chants: " Elegant beast dancing on the moonlit wilderness! The beast lurking in jet-black dress! The butterfly that wields violet poison! Swarm in a vortex of the moon's gravity and revive with a new power! Fusion Summon! Come forth! The king of beasts dancing atop the summit of the moonlight wilderness!  Lunalight Leo Dancer ! ((Dub) "By combining  the precision of a panther ,  the cunning covertness of a stealthy beast , and  the fluttering fury of a nighttime huntress , I can create a new lunar legend! I Fusion Summon! The majestic, the mighty, the masterful  Lunalight Leo Dancer !") "
 As Melissa commentates and Yugo marvels, Celina declares battle. She has "Lunalight Leo Dancer" attack "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon". However, alternating in and out of Yuya's voice is Yugo responding with the effect of his Action Card, " Rejuvenation ". It raises "Clear Wing's" ATK by 800 and prevents it from destruction by the attack. Celina admits, with a smile, that she could have used that card to prevent "Lunalight Panther Dancer's" initial destruction. She tells Yugo that she's enjoying the duel, but then suddenly questions herself. As Melissa commentates on the clash between Yugo and Celina's monsters, Celina points out that Yugo still takes damage. Yugo's Life Points fall to 1200. Celina then states that "Leo Dancer" can attack twice, and after the first attack, it can destroy Yugo's monsters. Yugo is caught out by surprise; Celina calmly states that she has the advantage. But when she hears Yuya say "Are you sure?" again, Celina responds with a smile, and applies "Leo Dancer's" effect immediately. 
 Yugo tries to chain with "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's" effect but to no avail. With Yuya's voice in tow, he then activates the  Counter Trap Card , " Miracle Mirror ". By banishing "Rejuvenation", it stops "Clear Wing" from being destroyed that turn. Leo Dancer's attack still goes through, and reduces Yugo's Life Points to 200. Celina smiles when she states that Yugo wasn't just relying on luck, and brings her turn to a conclusion. Melissa commentates on the back-and-forth nature of the duel so far, and cheers on both competitors equally. As Roget stares at the white queen piece that he's holding, Yugo borrows Yuya's catchphrase and voice to say  "The fun has just begun! ("It's showtime!" in the dub)"  before starting his turn. He banishes " Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke " from his Graveyard to Special Summon " Speedroid Red-Eyed Dice ". Then, he tunes "Red-Eyed Dice" with his "Clear Wing" and chants (with Yuya's voice in tow): " Shine the wings that store the holy light, and strike down your enemies with its radiance! Synchro Summon! Come forth! Level 8,  Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon ! ((Dub, with Yuya) "... to pave the way for an even mightier dragon! Watch as the essence of  that Monster  takes shape! Watch as it is forged by raw power! I Synchro Summon! Take flight,  Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon !") "
 Yugo enters the Battle Phase, although Celina wonders why, considering her monster has the higher ATK. As "Crystal Wing" attacks, it gains the ATK of its target. The "Crystal Cataclysmic Strike" shatters "Lunalight Leo Dancer", dropping Celina's Life Points to zero and causing her Duel Runner to blow out. Melissa proudly declares Yugo the winner of the Turbo Duel. Roget drops his queen piece in disgust, and others including  Declan Akaba  are not too happy with the result either. Declan suddenly leers at his younger sibling  Riley . Meanwhile, the two Turbo Duelists return to the stadium safely. As Celina takes off her helmet just outside the garage, she smiles, saying how she never knew dueling could be so fun, and thanks Yugo. He takes off his helmet and laughs, saying he didn't know how to respond. Celina hears Yugo laugh with Yuya's voice, and utters Yuya's name under her breath. She corrects herself, addressing Yugo with his name, and offers a handshake which he accepts. Celina then says she roots for Yugo's progress. Melissa's commentary even manages to spot the handshake, and she excitedly says that it's what the  Friendship Cup  should be about.
 
       Celina congratulates  Yugo  for his win.     
 At this point, Yugo, having looked into Celina's eyes for a while, starts addressing her as "Rin". Before Yugo can hug, Celina blocks him with her right fist, causing him to drop his helmet and Melissa to comment. Yugo complains how hard Celina's punch hurt (in the dub, he corrects himself). Celina withdraws her fist and smiles again, asking Yugo to make everyone smile (in the dub, she asks that he keeps his paws off her in return). She thinks that she may have finally understood what Yuya was talking about, and walks into garage 02. Meanwhile, Yuya wakes up in a dark room holding " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " in his hand. He wonders if he was dueling. Back at the stadium, Yugo shakes off his recent embarrassment and vows to win. Suddenly, he notices a weird sensation and looks behind him. Right on top of the stadium, Yuri's shadow looks on.
 
 Featured Duel: Celina vs. Yugo 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 4: Celina 
" Lunalight Panther Dancer "  attacks  " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", but  Yugo   activates  his  face-down  " Dicetadium of Fate ", letting him  target  a  monster  and roll a die. If the result is an odd number, the target will be  destroyed , but if the result is an even number, the target will gain 1000  ATK  during  damage calculation . He targets "Clear Wing" and rolls a 6 (2500 → 3500).  Jean-Michel Roget  orders the Duel lanes changed, allowing  Celina  to get an  Action Card . She  activates  the Action Card " Miracle ", halving the  battle damage  and preventing the destruction of "Panther Dancer"  by battle  (Celina 4000 → 3650). Celina  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Yugo 
Yugo  Normal Summons  " Speedroid Pachingo-Kart " (1800/1000). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting Yugo target and destroy 1 monster on the  field , but "Pachingo-Kart" may not attack this  turn . He targets "Panther Dancer", but the effect of "Panther Dancer" prevents it from destroyed by the opponent's card effects. As a monster effect targeted a  Level  5 or higher monster, Yugo activates the effect of "Clear Wing", targeting that monster,  negating  its effects, destroying that monster and increasing the ATK of "Clear Wing" by that card's until the end of the turn. "Pachingo-Kart" is destroyed ("Clear Wing" 2500 → 4300). "Clear Wing" attacks "Panther Dancer", but Jean-Michel Roget orders the Duel lanes changed. Celina makes no attempt to grab the nearby Action Card, the attack continues and "Panther Dancer" is destroyed (Celina 3650 → 2150), with Yugo grabbing said Action Card instead. As a " Lunalight "  Fusion Monster  she controlled was destroyed, Celina activates her face-down " Lunalight Reincarnation Dance ", letting her  add  two "Lunalight" monsters from her  Deck  to her  hand . She adds " Lunalight Tiger " and " Lunalight Wolf ". Yugo Sets a card.
 Turn 6: Celina 
Celina activates "Wolf" (   1) and "Tiger" (   5) in her  Pendulum Zones . Celina  Pendulum Summons  " Lunalight Black Sheep " (100/600) and " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " (1000/1000) from her hand, both in  Attack Position . She then activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Tiger", letting her  Special Summon  a "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from her  Graveyard  once per turn, but its effects will be negated, it cannot attack and it will be destroyed during the  End Phase . She Special Summons "Panther Dancer" (2800/2500) in Attack Position. Celina then activates the Pendulum Effect of "Wolf", letting her  Fusion Summon  a "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from her Extra Deck once per turn by  banishing  its  Fusion Materials  from her hand or field. She banishes "Panther Dancer", "Black Sheep" and "Purple Butterfly" to Fusion Summon " Lunalight Leo Dancer " (3500/3000) in Attack Position. "Leo Dancer" attacks "Clear Wing", but Yugo activates the Action Card " Rejuvenation ", letting him target a  battling  monster, increase its ATK by 800 during damage calculation and prevent its destruction by battle. He targets "Clear Wing" (2500 → 3300, Yugo 1400 → 1200). After the attack, the effect of "Leo Dancer" activates, destroying all monsters the opponent controls. As an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster is activating an effect, Yugo activates the effect of "Clear Wing", targeting that monster, negating its effects, destroying that monster and increasing the ATK of "Clear Wing" by that monster's ATK until the end of the turn. However, "Leo Dancer" cannot be targeted with or affected by the opponent's card effects. "Clear Wing" would be destroyed, but Yugo activates his face-down  Counter Trap Card , " Miracle Mirror ", letting him banish a card from his Graveyard that prevented the destruction of a monster, then target a monster he controls and prevent its destruction by battle or card effects this card. He banishes "Rejuvenation", preventing the destruction of "Clear Wing". "Leo Dancer" may attack twice per Battle Phase, so it attacks "Clear Wing" (Yugo 1200 → 200).
 Turn 7: Yugo 
As he has less than 1000  LP , Yugo activates the effect of the " Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke " in his Graveyard, banishing it to Special Summon a  Tuner monster  from his Graveyard. He Special Summons " Speedroid Red-Eyed Dice " (100/100) in Attack Position. Yugo  tunes  the Level 1 "Red-Eyed Dice" with the Level 7 "Clear Wing" to  Synchro Summon  " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Crystal Wing" attacks "Leo Dancer", with Yugo activating the effect of "Crystal Wing" as it is battling a Level 5 or higher monster, increasing the ATK of "Crystal Wing" by the ATK of that monster during damage calculation (3000 → 6500). The attack continues and "Leo Dancer" is destroyed (Celina 2150 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Black Sheep 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Lunalight Tiger 
 Lunalight Wolf Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Leo Dancer 
 Lunalight Panther Dancer Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Lunalight Reincarnation Dance 
 
 Yugo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Speedroid Pachingo-Kart 
 Tuner monsters 
 Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke 
 Speedroid Red-Eyed Dice Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Dicetadium of Fate 
 Miracle Mirror 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Miracle 
 Rejuvenation 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Hi-Speedroid Puzzle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 Rejuvenation 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Un plan et une promesse - 2ème partie
 
 
  Italian 
 Un Piano e una Promessa (Seconda Parte)
 
 
  Thai 
 ปีกคริสตัล
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/ArcV_085.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151213135453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/CelinaRefusesAssistance.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151225011523', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/CelinaPendulumCards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151225163718', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/CelinaCongratulatesYugo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151225163828', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes