Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Yoko_Sakaki.png


 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 The Queen of the Sirens (dub only) Loco Yoko (dub only) Shooting Star Yoko (流れ星ヨーコ  Nagareboshi Yōko ) [1] 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 榊   洋 子 榊 洋子 さかき ようこ Rōmaji: ( Sakaki Yōko ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 은경 KRR: Eungyeong Translated:  Eun-kyung 
 
 
 French name  
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 
 German name  
 Yoko Sakaki 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 34 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Yusho Sakaki  (husband) Yuya Sakaki  (son) 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Biker 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Saskia Maarleveld [2] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Ryoko Yui 
 
 
 German voice 
 Nadine Heidenreich 
 
 
 
 Yoko Sakaki  ( 榊   洋 子   Sakaki Yōko ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is the mother of  Yuya Sakaki  and the wife of  Yusho Sakaki .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Full body view of Yoko.     
         Full body view of Yoko wearing her gang leader clothes.     
 Yoko is a fairly tall and youthful-looking woman of slender built with green eyes and light skin. She has long blond hair the front bangs being golden in color. Her hair is tied in a ponytail and sections out as spikes. Her bangs part to the right side and frame her face. She is commonly seen wearing and aqua-colored long-sleeve shirt and blue jeans with brown low shoes. She also accessories with silver big-loop earrings, two golden bands on her left wrist, and a small golden necklace hanging under her neck.
 
 Personality 
 Yoko is a kind-hearted woman, and is shown to care a lot for Yuya. She understands his true feelings, as seen when she told  Skip Boyle  that Yuya spent the last several years acting like a clown to cope with  Yusho Sakaki 's disappearance. [3] 
 However, Yoko is easily charmed by anything she deems cute, such as  Sora Perse  when he stayed at the Sakaki residence, up to the point she gave Yuya's breakfast to him, [4] , as well as several other young boys such as  Reed Pepper [5]  and  Dennis McField [6] . In these situations, she will not hesitate to support them more frequently than her own son. Yoko's love for cute things also has caused her to adopt several cats and dogs, including  En ,  Core [4] ,  Kilo  and  Watt . [7] 
 In the past, Yoko had a brutal personality and enjoyed defeating her opponents mercilessly, whether they were rival gangs or pushy men. Her meeting with  Yusho Sakaki  changed her outlook in life. [1] 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Yoko as the leader of the "Sirens".     
 In her youth, Yoko was the leader of a female biker gang called the "Sirens" (the "Maiami Queens" in the Japanese version), as "Loco Yoko" and the "Queen of the Sirens" ("Shooting Star Yoko" in the Japanese version). At one point, one of her teammates was held hostage by a member of a rival gang.  Yusho Sakaki  stepped in and saved her. Yoko was touched by Yusho's ability to end fights peacefully without violence and developed feelings for Yusho. [1]  The two of them eventually got married and had a son,  Yuya Sakaki , together. Through Yusho, Yoko also befriended  Skip Boyle .
 When Yusho did not show up for his Duel against  The Sledgehammer , Yuya ran to the bottom of the stands and challenged Sledgehammer to a Duel in his father's stead. Yoko pulled Yuya away as he continued to protest. [3] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Yoko showed up during Yuya's Duel against The Sledgehammer. She told  Skip ,  Zuzu  and  Gong  about Yuya's behavior: he had acted like a clown to cope with Yusho's disappearance and reinvented himself while Dueling. She watched the rest of the Duel with the three, and was proud of her son when he won. [3] [8] 
 Yoko eventually invited  Sora  to stay at the Sakaki residence, to Yuya's annoyance. She prepared breakfast for the two boys, but she was taken in by Sora's cuteness after he called her Yuya's older sister rather than his mother, causing her to give Yuya's food to him. [4] 
 After the events involving between  You Show Duel School  and  LID , Yoko arrived to watch Yuya's Duel against Skip, but left early before the Duel could end. [9] 
 Yoko made an appearance during Yuya's Duel with  Reed Pepper . Having failed to make one of his recipes due to its complexity, Yoko converted it into a pancake sandwich, which infuriated Reed. She gave her creation to Yuya, who struggled with the Duel as he was too hungry to continue, and smiled as he was re-energized and won the Duel. [5] 
 Yoko, Skip, Zuzu,  Allie ,  Frederick ,  Tate , and  Nico Smiley  were spectators during Yuya's Duel with Gong. [10] [11] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Yuya had failed to board You Show Duel School's bus on the inauguration of the  Arc League Championship . On Zuzu's request, Yoko tracked Yuya down at the bridge overlooking the Paradise Stadium from a distance, and told Yuya to meet with the rest of the team there. Yoko then met up with Skip to cheer on their students as they entered to greet the crowd during the opening ceremony.  [12]  Yoko watched Zuzu's rematch with  Julia Krystal [13] , Yuya's rematch with  Sylvio Sawatari [14] , and Sora's duel against  Shay Obsidian  which turned violent. [15] 
 Yoko took Yuya in after he fell unconscious that night; as he rested for two days, Zuzu started to cry over his condition as well as Sora's disappearance. Yoko believed her son would pull through just like he did against The Sledgehammer. She and Zuzu also convinced  Aura Sentia , who was also worried for Yuya, to return to the stadium for her match at the Arc League Championship.  [16]  Yoko returned to Paradise Stadium to watch the Junior Division  Battle Royal , voicing her support for Reed.  [17]   She also cheered for  Dennis McField  during his duel against Zuzu, much to Skip's chagrin.  [6] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 After the announcement that the Arc League Championship would be called off, Yoko and Skip met with Yuya, Gong, Aura, Allie, Frederick and Tate. After Gong departed, Yoko took Yuya to an abandoned arcade and beckoned the rest to follow. There, she revealed her past life to Yuya, and challenged him to a duel while chasing him across the arcade on her old motorcycle.  [1]  During the duel, Yoko reminded her son that his desire to save Zuzu was shared by everyone at You Show Duel School; this made Yuya recall his father's words. After losing the duel, Yoko entrusted " Smile World " to Yuya, and was confident that Yuya would see his mission through: to save Zuzu, bring her home and end the fighting.  [18]  Yoko bid Yuya farewell before he left with the  Lancers  for the  Synchro Dimension .
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Yoko had lost her memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . She prepared breakfast for  Yuya  and wondered why he was in a hurry when it was Sunday. She told yelled at him for making a mess when he was talking with food in mouth. She was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Allie ,  Frederick , and  Tate . When  Moon Shadow  urged everybody to remember the  Arc League Championship , Yoko began to recall the events especially  Reed  being part of it. [19]  After Yuya realized that he was Z-ARC, and started having doubts over whether he could save Zuzu, Yoko reminded her son of what he promised to do, the day before he set out with the Lancers, and pointed out that he hasn't accomplished any of what he had promised.  [20] 
 She is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with  Gong ,  Sylvio ,  Aura  and  You Show Duel School . [21] 
 
 Deck 
 Yoko uses a  "Road Raven" Deck .
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Road Raven Renegade 
 Road Raven Red Queen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Smile World [Notes 1] 
 Thunder Crash 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 4 Unknown Duelists 
 52 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Unknown Duelist 
 52 
 No result (flashback)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 52 - 53 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Saskia Maarleveld's site 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 5: " Toying Around: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 44: " Danger Zones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 29: " Fusion Foes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is given to  Yuya Sakaki  in  episode 53 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Yoko_Sakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150419145120', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/FullYokoSakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150406105518', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/FullYoko.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150419122349', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Young_Yoko.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150419152350']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters