Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jaden_Yuki_(Duel_Links)


 
 Jaden Yuki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Jaden Yuki 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 遊城十代 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Jaden Yuki Deck Dreams of a HERO Birth of a HERO Return of a HERO A HERO's Victory 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Matthew Charles 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 KENN 
 
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Jaden Yuki , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for Summoning  Warrior - Type  monsters 10 times after the player reaches Stage 8 in Duel World (DM). Unlocking Jaden also unlocks Duel World (GX).
 Red  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Jaden Yuki at the  Gate .
 The  special event  Spunky Jaden has Jaden use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Unlock Missions 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Character 
 5.2   Opponent 
 
 5.2.1   Level 10 
 5.2.2   Level 20 
 5.2.3   Level 30 
 5.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.3   Spunky Jaden 
 
 5.3.1   Level 30 
 5.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.4    Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 5.4.1   Partner Deck 
 5.4.2   Blue-Eyes Cup 
 
 
 5.5    Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 
 5.5.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 
 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 7   Duel rewards 
 8   Skills 
 9   Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Character-specific 
 
 9.1.1   Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 9.1.2   Zane Truesdale 
 9.1.3   Aster Phoenix 
 9.1.4   Jesse Anderson 
 9.1.5   Chazz Princeton 
 9.1.6   Alexis Rhodes 
 9.1.7   Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 9.1.8   Yubel 
 9.1.9   Bastion Misawa 
 9.1.10   Syrus Truesdale 
 9.1.11   Supreme King Jaden 
 
 
 9.2   Card-specific 
 
 9.2.1   Monsters 
 9.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 10   Unused Dialogue 
 
 10.1   Monsters 
 10.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 11   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Jaden is ready to get his game on at the premier Dueling school in the world - Duel Academy! But his less-than-stellar grades place him in Slifer Red, the lowest-ranked dorm. Still, that won't discourage him from using his super sweet Dueling instincts and his Elemental HERO Deck to make the grade. His go-to monster,  Elemental HERO Neos , enhances his Fusion skills - but what sets him further is his ability to speak with the spirits that live inside his cards.
 
 Biography 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Summon Warrior-Type Monster(s) 10 time(s) in total.
 
 Gem x10
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 1 copy of " Winged Kuriboh "
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Jaden Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Beaver Warrior  x3 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Elemental HERO Neos  (glossy) 
 Oscillo Hero  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Card Ejector 
 Winged Kuriboh Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Feather Shot  x2 
 Kishido Spirit  x3 
 Skill: "Where the Heroes Dwell" (Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Skyscraper". If there already is a Field Spell on your side of the field, return it to your hand.)
 
 
 Elemental HERO Fusion! Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mystical Sheep #1 
 Wroughtweiler 
 Elemental HERO Lady Heat  x3 
 Elemental HERO Heat  x3 
 Vision HERO Vyon 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master 
 Vision HERO Trinity 
 Elemental HERO Inferno  x2 
 Elemental HERO Neos Knight Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Fusion Recovery 
 H - Heated Heart  x2 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Hero Barrier  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Dreams of a HERO Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Card Ejector  x3 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  x3 
 Miracle Flipper  x3 
 Winged Kuriboh  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Kishido Spirit  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Birth of a HERO Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Oscillo Hero  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  x2 
 Winged Kuriboh  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Mariner 
 Elemental HERO Steam Healer Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Feather Shot  x2 
 Polymerization 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Traps 
 Feather Wind  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Return of a HERO Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x2 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart  x2 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Darkbright 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Necroid Shaman 
 Elemental HERO Tempest 
 Elemental HERO Wild Wingman Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Spark Blaster  x2 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 A HERO's Victory Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Clayman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Darkbright 
 Elemental HERO Mudballman 
 Elemental HERO Necroid Shaman 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant  x2 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 E - Emergency Call 
 Fusion Sage 
 H - Heated Heart 
 O - Oversoul 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Skyscraper 
 Traps 
 Negate Attack 
 Spunky Jaden 
 Level 30 
 
 Electrum Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Elemental HERO Clayman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  x2 
 Card Trooper  x3 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Electrum  x2 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster 
 Elemental HERO Steam Healer Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Miracle Fusion  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Wrath of Neos Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x3 
 Elemental HERO Stratos  x2 
 Gemini monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos Alius  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos Knight  x2 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Assault Armor 
 O - Oversoul  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Reverse of Neos 
 Wrath of Neos  x2 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
 From January 4, 2019 onward.
 
 
 Wrath of Neos Monsters  (9) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Prisma  x2 
 Elemental HERO Stratos  x2 
 Gemini monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos Alius  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos Knight  x2 Spells  (10) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Gemini Spark  x2 
 O - Oversoul  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Reverse of Neos 
 Wrath of Neos  x2 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Partner Deck 
Skill: "Miracle Hero" (If your team has less than 2000 Life Points, play 1 " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman " on the field at the beginning of Jaden Yuki's turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.) 
 Fusion Heroes Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Clayman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge  x2 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Plasma Vice 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant 
 Elemental HERO Wildedge Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 E - Emergency Call 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Polymerization  x3 
 R - Righteous Justice  x2 
 Traps 
 Draining Shield 
 Hero Barrier 
 Blue-Eyes Cup 
 Skill: "Neo Space" (Begin Duel with the Continous Spell " Neo Space " activated.
 
 
 Rainbow Neos Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x3 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Aqua Neos 
 Elemental HERO Dark Neos 
 Elemental HERO Flare Neos 
 Elemental HERO Neos Knight 
 Rainbow Neos Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 E - Emergency Call 
 O - Oversoul  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 R - Righteous Justice 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve  x2 
  Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 Special Cup 
 Partner 
 Skill: "Battle Fusion!" (If your Life Points are at 3000 or below, add 1 "Battle Fusion" to your hand from outside of the Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 
 
 Miracle Fusion Monsters  (8) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Stratos  x3 
 Elemental HERO Solid Soldier  x2 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman  x2 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Absolute Zero 
 Elemental HERO The Shining 
 Elemental HERO Great Tornado 
 Masked HERO Dian 
 Masked HERO Blast 
 Elemental HERO Gaia 
 Masked HERO Vapor Spells  (10) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Monster Reborn 
 Miracle Fusion  x2 
 Fusion Sage 
 E - Emergency Call  x2 
 Mask Change  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Negate Attack  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Jaden Yuki reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Wildheart "
 
 
 4
 
 Where the Heroes Dwell ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Jaden Yuki)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Feather Wind "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Jaden Yuki)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Bubbleman "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Fusion Time! ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Mariner "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Steam Healer "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Necroshade "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Reinforcements ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Clayman "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " O - Oversoul "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Jaden Yuki)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Miracle Flipper "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Skyscraper "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " O - Oversoul "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " R - Righteous Justice "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Jaden Yuki)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Card Trooper "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Jaden Yuki, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Elemental HERO Neos "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Elemental HERO Tempest "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Winged Kuriboh "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Elemental HERO Sparkman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Elemental HERO Bubbleman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Elemental HERO Wildheart "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Card Ejector "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spark Blaster "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Spunky Jaden, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Elemental HERO Electrum "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cocoon Party "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Reverse of Neos "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Wrath of Neos "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Hero Counterattack "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Cocoon Rebirth "
 
 
 N
 
 " Chrysalis Chicky "
 
 
 N
 
 " Chrysalis Dolphin "
 
 
 N
 
 " Chrysalis Larva "
 
 
 N
 
 " Chrysalis Pantail "
 
 
 N
 
 " Chrysalis Pinny "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Where the Heroes Dwell
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Skyscraper ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Fusion Time!
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add " Polymerization " to your hand from outside of your Deck. Then, you can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster to your hand from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Miracle Draw
 
 If you have an " Elemental HERO " monster in your graveyard, your normal draw on your 3rd Draw Phase will become " Pot of Greed ".
 
 Event
 
 
 Neo Space!
 
 Begin Duel with the card " Neo Space " activated.
 
 Event
 
 
 Hero Flash!!
 
 Once every 2 of your turns, at the beginning of the turn, add to your hand 1 of the following cards (in the order listed below) from outside of your Deck. 2nd turn:  H - Heated Heart 4th turn:  E - Emergency Call 6th turn:  R - Righteous Justice 8th turn:  O - Oversoul 10th turn:  Hero Flash!! This Skill will only activate if you Duel using a Deck that has 4 or more "HERO" Normal Monsters in your Deck.
 
 Event
 
 
 Favorite Duel
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per turn if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains at least 4 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monsters with different names. When this Skill is used, you can only Special Summon "Neos" monsters, "Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman", and "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman".
 Can be used thrice per Duel. Send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster or 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, send 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster or 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Miracle Fusion" to your hand from outside of your Deck. 
 Can be used once per Duel on the turn you have Special Summoned "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman". Set 1 "Skyscraper" to your field from outside of your Deck. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 HERO Alliance
 
 During this Duel, you can Normal Summon/Set "Elemental HERO Neos" without tributing. In addition, the following effect can be used once per turn, when you have Summoned "Elemental HERO Neos". Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "Super Polymerization" in your Deck or 1 "Polymerization", "Miracle Contact", or "Miracle Fusion" from outside of your Deck to your hand. Then, send 2 random "Neo-Spacian" monsters from outside of your Deck to the Graveyard and add "Elemental HERO Divine Neos" to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below.
 Your Deck contains at least 10 "HERO" monsters and no "HERO" monsters other than "Elemental HERO" monsters 
 Your Extra Deck contains at least 5 Fusion Monsters and contains no Fusion Monsters other than "Elemental HERO", "Neos", or "Neo-Spacian" monsters. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Miracle Fusion Time!
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Instead of conducting your normal draw, " Miracle Fusion " is added to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Destiny Draw: Monster Reborn
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Your normal draw this turn will be "Monster Reborn", from your Deck. If your opponent controls a monster with 3000 ATK or more, you can use this Skill regardless of your Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of you turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi  or  Yugi Muto , Jaden announces "I get to duel Yugi! I must be dreaming!" followed by "This is super sweet!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Thank you, Yugi." followed by "That was a sweet duel! I'm on the road to becoming the next King of Games!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Whoa, you’ve got some sweet moves! No wonder you’re the King of Games." 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Zane Truesdale , Jaden announces "Zane, you're not acting like yourself. I'm gonna snap you out of it!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Zane, you're already a legend at Duel Academy. But I'll be a bigger legend someday. That's a promise!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Zane, I guess I still have a lot to learn to reach your level." 
 Aster Phoenix 
 When starting a Duel with  Aster Phoenix , Jaden announces "Hey Aster! Our HEROES are going head to head? That's so chill!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "There's a hero in each of us." followed by "And you always gotta give the hero a time to shine!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "You always have the sweet moves, Aster!" 
 Jesse Anderson 
 When starting a Duel with  Jesse Anderson , Jaden announces "Jesse!" followed by "You're a nice guy, but I won't go easy on ya! That's not how I roll!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Thanks for a great match!" followed by "Your Crystal Beasts are super sweet!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Man, maybe I should’ve played that other card that last turn!" 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Jaden announces "Chazz, a Duel isn't about winning or losing. It's about having a sweet time!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "And that's game!" followed by "That was fun! The trash talking, the action... It's all great!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Not bad Chazz! You sure Chazzed it up!" 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , Jaden announces "Hey, I feel like we haven't thrown down in ages. " followed by "Let's fix that. Time to Duel, Alexis!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "And that's game! That was one sweet Duel!" followed by "Never a boring moment with you, Alexis!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Just when I think I'm gonna win, you always have another combo ready!" 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dr. Vellian Crowler , Jaden announces "Remember when we dueled during the entrance exam, Teach? And I won?"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "That's game!" followed by "I passed the test again, Teach!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "You really know your stuff, Teach!" followed by "I guess I won't be teaching you a lesson until next time!" 
 Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Yubel , Jaden announces "Yubel..." followed by "It’s my fault that you turned out like this..."
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "You’re not gonna be alone anymore, Yubel. I’ll help you find the right path again." 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Yubel...", followed by "Is there really nothing I can do to change your mind?" 
 Bastion Misawa 
 When starting a Duel with  Bastion Misawa , Jaden announces "You built a special Deck just to take me down? Sweet!" followed by "Maybe if you beat me, you'll be the school's #1 Duelist instead of me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "You never stop giving me a challenge, Bastion! I can't wait to see what you come up with next!" followed by "Till then!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Tight Duel, Bastion! Man, I can't wait to see what Deck you'll bring next time!" followed by "Let's Duel again soon!" 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Syrus Truesdale , Jaden announces "Just because you're my best bud doesn't mean I'll let you off the hook! Let's do this Sy!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "You gotta get your game on, Sy!" followed by "Or else, you'll never beat Zane!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Looks like you've improved your game again, Sy!" followed by "I gotta catch up!" 
 Supreme King Jaden 
 When starting a Duel with  Supreme King Jaden , Jaden says "You're the evil that's in my heart?"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Get out of here! I won't let the darkness control me!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "I... I..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes the hero to both you and me! Elemental HERO Flame Wingman!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Turn up the heat Flame Wingman!" followed by "Infernal Rage!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Flame Wingman's effect activates!" followed by "You take damage equal to the destroyed monster's ATK!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Neo Space has a brand new hero!" followed by "And his name is Elemental HERO Neos!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Elemental HERO Neos" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Elemental HERO Neos" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Neos!" followed by "Unleash your power and defend Neo Space! Cosmic Crush!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Terra Firma ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Elemental HERO Terra Firma!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Terra Firma attacks!" followed by "Earth Impact!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Terra Firma’s effect activates!" followed by "Terra Firma Magma!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Rainbow Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Come forth, Rainbow Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Rainbow Neos!" followed by "Rainbow Radiance!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rainbow Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Contrast HERO Chaos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, andhe announces "Fuse and transform, Contrast HERO Chaos!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chaos attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Absolute Zero ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "This hero's sure to send chills down your spine!" followed by "Elemental HERO Absolute Zero!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Absolute Zero!" followed by "Instant Freezing!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Absolute Zero's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Aqua Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Swim in, Elemental HERO Aqua Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Aqua Neos, attack!" followed by "Sonic Zoom!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Aqua Neos's effect activates! Sonic Zoom!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Chaos Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Bring the chaos, Elemental HERO Chaos Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Chaos Neos!" followed by "Chaos Fury Flash!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Magma Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Presenting, Elemental HERO Magma Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Magma Neos!" followed by "Meteor Meltdown!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Magma Neos's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Core ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face breifly appears, and he announces "Come on out, Elemental HERO Core!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Elemental HERO Core attacks!" followed by "Electromagnetic Induction!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Elemental HERO Core's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Electrum ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "I'm calling up, Elemental HERO Electrum!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Electrum attacks!" followed by "Elemental Radiant Burst!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Electrum's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO The Shining ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face breifly appears, and he announces "I'm bringing the light!" followed by "Elemental HERO The Shining!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Shining attacks!" followed by "Optical Storm!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Shining's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Escuridao ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Elemental HERO Escuridao!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em Escuridao!" followed by Dark Diffusion!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Gaia ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Elemental HERO Gaia!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gaia, smash 'em!" followed by "Continental Hammer!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gaia's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Great Tornado ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Swirl up a storm!" followed by "Elemental HERO Great Tornado!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Do your thing, Great Tornado!" followed by "Super Cell!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Great Tornado's effect activates!" followed by "Downburst!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Marine Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's the one and only Elemental HERO Marine Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Marine Neos!" followed by "Hyper Rapid Storm!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Marine Neos's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Elemental HERO Neos Knight takes the field!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Neos Knight Attacks!" Followed by "Wrath of Neos Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Nova Master ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Elemental HERO Nova Master!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Nova Master!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Nova Master's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "It's your time to shine, Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Light 'em up, Shining Flare Wingman!" followed by "Shinning Emerald Orb!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shining Flare Wingman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Storm Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, he announces "From the depths of space, I call upon Elemental HERO Storm Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Storm Neos!" followed by "Ultimate Typhoon!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Storm Neos's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Say hello to Elemental HERO Thunder Giant!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Thunder Giant attacks! Voltic Thunder!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Thunder Giant's effect activates!" followed by "Static Blast!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildedge ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Elemental HERO Wildedge!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces Go, Wildedge!" followed by "Attack with Scimitar Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Avian ", he announces "Soar on in, Elemental HERO Avian!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Avian!" followed by "Quill Cascade!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Bladedge ", he announces "Give a big welcome to Elemental HERO Bladedge!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Bladedge!" followed by "Slice and Dice Attack!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Blazeman ", he announces "I'm firing up Elemental HERO Blazeman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blazeman blaze 'em!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blazeman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", he announces "You're up, Elemental HERO Bubbleman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take it away, Bubbleman!" followed by "Bubble Blast!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Bubbleman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", he announces "I'll summon this! Elemental HERO Burstinatrix!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Burstinatrix Attacks!" followed by "Flare Storm!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman ", he announces "Rise up, Elemental HERO Clayman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meet Clayman, up close and personal!" followed by "Clay Clobberer!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Necroshade ", he announces "Come out, Elemental HERO Necroshade!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Necroshade!" followed by "Dark Shadow Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Ocean ", he announces "From the deep, here comes Elemental HERO Ocean!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ocean attacks!" followed by "Big Wave Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ocean's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Prisma ", he announces "Let's go, Elemental HERO Prisma!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Prisma!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Prisma's effect activates!" followed by "Reflect Change!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman ", he announces "It's everyone's favorite golden boy! Elemental HERO Sparkman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sparkman, attack!" followed by "Static Shockwave!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Stratos ", he announces "Take to the skies, Elemental HERO Stratos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Stratos!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stratos's effect activates! 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", he announces "Here's Elemental HERO Wildheart!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wildheart, do your thing!" followed by "Wild Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Woodsman ", he announces "Say hi to my trusty Elemental HERO Woodsman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Woodsman!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Woodsman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird ", he announces "Fly, Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Air Hummingbird, peck ‘em!" followed by "Slaughtering Swoop!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Air Hummingbird's effect activates!" followed by "Honey Suck!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ", he announces "It's showtime, Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Aqua Dolphin!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Aqua Dolphin's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther ", he announces "You're up, Neo-Spacian Dark Panther!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shapen your nails, Dark Panther!" followed by "Dark Claw!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Panther's effect activates!" followed by "Shadow Illusion!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ", he announces "Join the party, Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flare Scarab, burn 'em up!" followed by "Flaming Arrow!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Glow Moss ", he announces "Get a load 'a this bad boy! Neo-Spacian Glow Moss!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Glow Moss attacks!" followed by "Spore Spear!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Glow Moss's effect activates!" followed by "Signal Check!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ", he announces "Dig me up a victory, Neo-Spacian Grand Mole!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Grand Mole, attack! Drill Mole!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Grand Mole's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh ", he announces "I know I can always count on you, Winged Kuriboh!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Show 'em who's boss, Winged Kuriboh! 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh's effect activates!" followed by "Thanks for the save, pal!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh LV9 ", he announces "Show 'em how you've evolved, Winged Kuriboh LV9!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Winged Kuriboh LV9!" followed by "Berserker Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh LV9's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Yubel ", he announces "Help me, Yubel!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Yubel! 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Yubel's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Jaden activates " A Hero Emerges ", he announces "My Trap Card activates, A Hero Emerges!" 
 When Jaden activates " Berserker Crush ", he announces "Winged Kuriboh! Show 'em you're as tough as you are cute! The Quick-Play Spell, Berserker Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates " Contact Out ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! Contact Out!" 
 When Jaden activates " De-Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! De-Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " E - Emergency Call ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! E - Emergency Call!" 
 When Jaden activates " Fifth Hope ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! Fifth Hope!" 
 When Jaden activates " Flash Fusion ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell activates! Flash Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Form Change ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Form Change!" 
 When Jaden activates " Fusion Recovery ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Fusion Recovery!" 
 When Jaden activates " H - Heated Heart ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! H - Heated Heart!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Barrier ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hero Barrier!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Flash!! ", he announces "The Spell Card - Hero Flash!!!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Signal ", he announces "Whether there's trouble, a hero's one call away to save the day!" followed by "My Trap Card activates! Hero Signal!" 
 When Jaden activates " Instant Neo Space ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell! Instant Neo Space!" 
 When Jaden activates " Mask Change ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Mask Change!" 
 When Jaden activates " Miracle Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Miracle Fusion!" followed by "It fuses Elemental HEROES that are in my Graveyard!" 
 When Jaden activates " Neo Space ", he announces "Here I come! I activate the Field Spell, Neo Space!" 
 When Jaden activates " O - Oversoul ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! O - Oversoul!" 
 When Jaden activates " Parallel World Fusion ", he announces "Come on back from another dimension!" followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Parallel World Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Jaden activates " R - Righteous Justice ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! R - Righteous Justice!" 
 When Jaden activates " Reverse of Neos ", he announces "Check out this Spell Card! Reverse of Neos!" 
 When Jaden activates " Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skyscraper ", he announces "My heroes love fighting in the big city!" followed by "Here's my Field Spell, Skyscraper!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skyscraper 2 - Hero City ", he announces "Hey Chumley! I'm playing the card you designed!" followed by "I activate the Field Spell, Skyscraper 2 - Hero City!" 
 When Jaden activates " Super Polymerization ", he announces "I owe it to my friends to overcome my fear and use this card for good!" followed by "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Super Polymerization!" 
 When Jaden activates " Terra Firma Gravity ", he announces "My Trap activates, Terra Firma Gravity! Terra Firma's gravitational forces pull Level 4 or lower monsters toward him!" 
 When Jaden activates " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh!" 
 When Jaden activates " Wrath of Neos ", he announces "Here's the power that protects all of Neo Space! I activate the Spell Card, Wrath of Neos!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Honest Neos ", he announces "Come on down, Elemental HERO Honest Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Honest Neos!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Honest Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Shadow Mist ", he announces "Arrive, Elemental HERO Shadow Mist!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Shadow Mist!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shadow Mist's effect activates! 
 When Jaden Summons " Dandylion ", he announces "I believe in you, Dandylion!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dandylion attacks!" . 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dandylion's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon 2 Fluff Tokens in Defense position." 
 When Jaden Summons " Honest ", he announces "Here comes Honest!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Honest attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Honest's effect activates! Honest Crying!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Ma'at ", he announces "Appear, Ma'at!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ma'at attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ma'at's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Masked HERO Acid ", he announces"Transform, Masked HERO Acid!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Masked HERO Acid, attack!" followed by "Acid Blast!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Masked HERO Acid's effect activates! followed by "Acid Rain!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Masked HERO Dark Law ", he announces "Transform, Masked HERO Dark Law!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Law attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Law's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Thunder King Rai-Oh ", he announces "Come on, Thunder King Rai-Oh!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Thunder King Rai-Oh attacks! Lightning Cannon!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Thunder King Rai-Oh's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ", he announces "Winged Kuriboh evolves all the way to LV10!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Winged Kuriboh LV10!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh LV10's effect activates! Winged Kuriboh, send back all their energy! 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Jaden activates " A Hero Lives ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! A Hero Lives!" 
 When Jaden activates " Battle Fusion ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Battle Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Final Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Final Fusion! We take damage equal to the combined attack of our monsters!" 
 When Jaden activates " Instant Fusion ", he announces I activate my Spell Card - Instant Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Mask Change II ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Mask Change II!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skydive Scorcher " he announces I activate my Spell Card! Skydive Scorcher!" 
 When Jaden activates " Transcendent Wings ", he announces "Ready to evolve, pal? I discard 2 cards to activate Transcendent Wings!" 
 Trivia 
 When Jaden Yuki and  Jaden/Yubel  were first introduced in the game, they pronounced " Elemental HERO Avian " as "ay-vee-in", the conventional pronunciation of the word "avian". But this was corrected later on, to how Jaden pronounces the card's name in the anime. 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy ,  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature of cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, and Tetsu Trudge are the characters that have character-specific dialogue for Legendary Duelists outside of their respective  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series'. 
 Tristan Taylor (DM), Jaden Yuki, and Yusei Fudo are the characters whose dialogue remains unchanged when Dueling against Yami Yugi or Yugi Muto (DM). 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers,  Espa Roba , and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler  and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Jaden Yuki  (Judai Yuki) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/JadenYuki-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/285?cb=20170928115013', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Profile-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306181908', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Icon-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301165106', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Icon-DULI-JadenYuki2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180305210559', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Chibi-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132301', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/CutIn-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314184916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/Summoning-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190606142206', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Defeat-DULI-JadenYuki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307145155', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Jaden Yuki pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters