Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_008


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 008 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 最強 ！ サイバーエンド・ドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Saikyō! Saibā Endo Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Strongest! Cyber End Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 For the Sake of Syrus 
 
 
 Number 
 008 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 24, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 20, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yasuyuki Suzuki 
 
 
 Director 
 Toshihiro Ishikawa 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hidekazu Shimamura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yoshida Hide 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " 
 " Family Business " 
 
 
 
 
 "For the Sake of Syrus" , known as  "The Strongest! Cyber End Dragon"  in the Japanese version, is the eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 24, 2004 and in the United States on October 20, 2005.
 In order to help  Syrus Truesdale  overcome his mental block about using " Power Bond ",  Jaden Yuki  Duels Syrus' older brother  Zane , widely known as the best Duelist at  Duel Academy .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki vs. Zane Truesdale 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki and Syrus Truesdale vs. Zane Truesdale and an unknown opponent 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Differences from the dub 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Jaden Yuki  was attempting to find a way to duel  Zane Truesdale . He first attempted to go through official channels and submitted a "Duel request" form.  Dr. Crowler  denied him and ripped the form in half, stating that someone like Zane wouldn't have time to duel a "Slifer slacker" (drop-out boy in the Japanese version).  Syrus Truesdale  was in their room, staring at his " Power Bond " card, and thinking of the many ways he could cause Jaden to lose during their upcoming Tag Duel and get them both expelled. He imagined his brother Zane as one of the Duelists chosen by Crowler to duel them, the other partially obscured from view.
 Jaden encountered  Chumley Huffington  sitting in a tree, rebuilding his Deck. He appeared to decide that he cannot remove " Des Koala " from it at this time. He fell from the tree, and Jaden revealed he wants to duel Zane. In the English version, Chumley suggested they have a "pick-up Duel" with the cards he had dropped, and Jaden decided he'll have one with Zane. What a "pick-up Duel" entails is never specified. In the Japanese version, Jaden simply said he's in a hurry and ran off towards the  Obelisk Blue  dorm. Upon arriving there, Jaden was kicked out by two Obelisk Blue students who tell him that Zane would never duel a Slifer.
 Jaden went back to his dorm, and finds a note from Syrus, which states he's leaving the Academy for good. Guided by  the spirit  of " Winged Kuriboh " Jaden arrived down by the water, where Syrus was attempting to row away in a makeshift raft. Elsewhere, by the lighthouse,  Alexis Rhodes  met with Zane. He asks if she's heard any news of  her brother , and Alexis responded in the negative. Alexis informed Zane of Syrus' current problems, and they heared Syrus himself struggling with his raft, so they head in that direction. Jaden got to the raft, but Syrus fell in the water, forgetting he can't swim. Chumley ran out to save them, but it turns out the raft was in shallow water.
 Zane and Alexis arrived, and the former asks Syrus if he's giving up. Syrus didn't respond, and Jaden challenged Zane to a Duel. Zane accepted the challenge, but is disrespectful in the English version saying "it's been a while since I went slumming". The Duel begins and Jaden appears to gain an early advantage, reducing Zane to 1600  LP  thanks to " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ". Unfazed by this, Zane continued and eventually summoned " Cyber End Dragon " with "Power Bond", defeating Jaden. Zane complemented Jaden on his dueling skills, while Jaden complemented Zane on being able to stay so levelheaded during their duel. Seeing the Duel is enough to shake Syrus out of his current state, and he agreed to be Jaden's partner in the Tag Duel. Jaden offered to help Syrus work on his Deck when they got back to their room.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Zane Truesdale 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Jaden 
 Jaden   draws  " Elemental HERO Avian " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1000/1000) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Zane 
 Zane  draws " Cyber Dragon ". Since Jaden  controls  a  monster  and Zane does not, Zane  Special Summons  "Cyber Dragon" (2100/1600) from his hand in Attack Position. He then  activates  " Mystical Space Typhoon " to  destroy  Jaden's Set " Draining Shield ". "Cyber Dragon"  attacks  and destroys "Avian" (Jaden: 4000 → 2900 LP). Zane then activates " Different Dimension Capsule " to  remove  a card in his  Deck  from play for two  turns . If "Different Dimension Capsule" is still  face-up  on the  field  in two turns, Zane can destroy it and  add  the removed card to his  hand .
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and " Elemental HERO Clayman " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant " (2400/1500) in Attack Position. Since "Thunder Giant" was Fusion Summoned, its  effect  activates, allowing Jaden to destroy "Cyber Dragon". "Thunder Giant" attacks  directly  (Zane: 4000 → 1600 LP). Jaden then Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Zane 
Zane draws "Cyber Dragon". Since Jaden controls a monster and he does not, Zane Special Summons "Cyber Dragon" (2100/1600) from his hand in Attack Position. He then activates " Monster Reborn " to  Special Summon  "Cyber Dragon" (2100/1600) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Zane then activates "Polymerization" to fuse his two "Cyber Dragons" to Fusion Summon " Cyber Twin Dragon " (2800/2100) in Attack Position. Due to this card's effect, it can attack twice during each  Battle Phase . 
 "Cyber Twin Dragon" attacks "Thunder Giant", but Jaden activates his  face-down  " A Hero Emerges " to force Zane to choose a card from Jaden's hand. If it's a  monster , he can Special Summon it. As Jaden has only one card in his hand, Zane is forced to choose it and Jaden reveals it to be " Wroughtweiler ", so Jaden Special Summons it (800/1200) in  Defense Position . A  replay  occurs and Zane uses "Cyber Twin Dragon" to attack and destroy "Thunder Giant" (Jaden: 2900 → 2500 LP). "Cyber Twin Dragon" then attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". Since "Wroughtweiler" was destroyed, its effect activates, letting Jaden add "Clayman" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand.
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden summoned "Bubbleman" while he had no other cards on his side of the field, the second effect of "Bubbleman" activates, allowing Jaden to draw two cards (" Transcendent Wings " and " Winged Kuriboh "). Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Bubbleman" and "Clayman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Mudballman " (1900/3000) in Defense Position. Jaden intends to Summon "Winged Kuriboh" on his next turn so that he could activate "Transcendent Wings" when Zane attacks, which will let him Special Summon his " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ".
 Turn 6: Zane 
Zane draws. On Zane's  Standby Phase , the card Zane removed from play via "Different Dimension Capsule" is added to his hand and "Different Dimension Capsule" is destroyed. Zane then activates " De-Fusion " to  return  "Cyber Twin Dragon" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon his two "Cyber Dragons" from his Graveyard (2100/1600 each) in Attack Position. 
 He then activates " Power Bond " to fuse his two "Cyber Dragons" and a third "Cyber Dragon" in his hand to Fusion Summon " Cyber End Dragon " (4000/2800) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Power Bond", the  original ATK  of "Cyber End Dragon" is doubled ("Cyber End Dragon": 4000 → 8000 ATK), but Zane will take  damage  equal to the original ATK of "Cyber End Dragon" during his  End Phase . "Cyber End Dragon" attacks and destroys "Mudballman". "Cyber End Dragon" then inflicts  piercing  damage (Jaden: 2500 → 0 LP).
 
 Jaden Yuki and Syrus Truesdale vs. Zane Truesdale and an unknown opponent 
 Duel already in progress. Syrus  controls  " Patroid " (1200/1200), while Jaden has 2000  LP .
 Turn ?: Unknown Opponent 
The opponent plays an unknown  Spell Card  to take control of "Patroid". "Patroid"  attacks  Jaden  directly  (Jaden: 2000 → 0 LP) English Dub:(Jaden: 1200 → 0 LP)
 The rest of the Duel is not shown.
 
 Trivia 
 Jaden's first move in his duel with Zane this episode was exactly the same move he made in  Episode 7  during his duel with Syrus - " Elemental HERO Avian " is summoned in attack mode, and a trap card is placed face-down.
 The only difference is that the card placed face-down in the last episode was " Negate Attack ", while here it was " Draining Shield" . 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The obscured Tag Duelist who speaks in Syrus' fantasy early in the episode bears a partial resemblance to  Tristan Taylor  (particularly his hairstyle). This similarity was picked up on in the English version, and  Greg Abbey  was cast in the role, whereas the Japanese version used an unrelated actor.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Mudballman 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Transcendent Wings 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Different Dimension Capsule 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Polymerization 
 Power Bond 
 
 Chumley Huffington Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Big Koala  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Des Koala 
 Union monsters 
 Second Goblin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Koala March 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Scapegoat 
 Silent Doom 
 Wild Nature's Release 
 Traps 
 Destruction Punch 
 
 Syrus Truesdale Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Power Bond 
 
 Flashbacks and dreams Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gyroid 
 Patroid 
 Steamroid 
 Winged Kuriboh LV10 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Limiter Removal 
 Power Bond 
 Shield Crush 
 Weapon Change 
 Differences from the dub 
 In the English version, numerous references are made to the difference between "playing a card" and "using a card": the theme of playing a card, and using a card is used widely in the English version. During the opening, the words 'Come on, you've gotta play your cards right!' is used, and frequently in a pinch Jaden will comment, 'I guess... I've just gotta play my cards right!' before drawing a card. Due to these examples, one can make the belief that the difference between playing a card and using a card are in the Duelist's ability to use his/her cards properly; Playing a card is considered to be using a card only when the Duelist knows its effect and is convinced that using that particular card is at the right timing, while 'using a card' is considered simply using a card when not knowing its purpose in the Duel or planning ahead. This example is well shown when Syrus 'uses' Power Bond during the Duel in the flashback, before Zane arrives to show him that he would have lost, but later Syrus will 'play' his card right in the Tag Duel to come. These terms are not used in the Japanese versions, but knowing when to play a card and when not to is still discussed. 
 Notes 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Series008.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120728231148', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes