Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Three_Pure_Nobles


 
 Three Pure Nobles
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 イリアステルの三皇帝
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Iriasuteru no Sankōtei
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Three Emperors of Iliaster
 
 
 
 
 Debut (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 065 
 
 
 
 Appears in
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Affiliation
 
 
 Iliaster 
 
 
 
 Previous affiliation(s)
 
 
 Sector Security 
 
 
 
 Team
 
 
 Team New World 
 
 
 
 Previous occupation(s)
 
 
 Directors of  Sector Security 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Primo 
 Aporia  (True form/fusion) 
 
 
 The  Three Pure Nobles , are a cabal of  Duelists  representing  Iliaster  with a common recurring Infinity theme, consisting of  Jakob ,  Lester  and  Primo  (known as Jose, Lucciano and Placido in the Japanese version) and the main antagonists of the  World Racing Grand Prix . Their Japanese names pay tribute to  The Three Tenors . The three of them are the only Duelists capable of wielding the all powerful " Meklord Emperors ", which has the ability to absorb any  Synchro Monster . Together they were created by  Z-one  as robotic replicas of  Aporia , as 3 embodiments of his despair: his childhood, his early adulthood, and his later life. They, as Aporia, originated from a future that has been devastated by  Ener-D , a war brought on by " Meklord Emperors ", and  Synchro Summoning .
 Their plans revolve around using the  Signers  to complete the  Grand Design  to unleash  Z-one  (whom they refer to as their God), in order to change the future as revealed by Jakob. They are the main antagonists of the  World Racing Grand Prix  Arc.
 
 Appearance 
       The  Three Pure Nobles     
 All 3 of them have one of their eyes covered; Lester's left eye is covered, while Jakob and Primo's right eyes are covered and have an infinity symbol on their face; Primo and Lester over their covered eyes and Jakob over his mouth and jaw with his eye covered by his eyebrow.
 They also have gems on their foreheads which correspond in color to the auras of their " Meklord Emperors " except that of Jakob's which is red while " Meklord Emperor Granel 's" aura is yellow.
 As the oldest of the trio, Jakob is considered to be the leader when he and Lester confront the  Signers , while Lester addresses himself as "sub-leader"; whether or not this is the truth is not known. Being born from the same being, they each represent a different memory of Aporia's: Lester being his childhood, Primo as his young adulthood, and Jakob his older self.
 Despite being of the same person, the group seems to operate independently from the actual organization and each other. They operate from an unknown building (possibly  Iliaster 's main headquarters) where they each have their own throne.
 
 Biography 
       The trio arrive to acquire Wisel from its tablet.     
 They are first seen when  Primo 's card, " Meklord Emperor Wisel " crash lands to Earth in its stone tablet form. Shortly after their arrival,  Lazar  and several of his security escorts arrive at the crash site claiming it to be forbidden grounds. However, Primo threatens him with his sword and  Lester  taunts Lazar, revealing that they are his new bosses and are the three new directors. This seems to immediately remind Lazar that the 3 are from  Iliaster . Primo decides it to be a good idea to "test" out his newly acquired card by having a stolen and modified  Ghost  use it to impose terror to random Duelists, before it is defeated by  Yusei Fudo .
 The trio are seen once more during the  WRGP  Premier Party Event, overlooking the party, as their discussing about the "true purpose" behind the Grand Prix being organized by them. However, when  Dobocle  unexpectedly crashes through and  Akiza Izinski  manages to drive him off by using " Black Rose Dragon " with her psychic powers, Primo decides to deal with him via a Duel.
 
         Jakob , sitting in his throne     
 After that, Primo returns just in time to where his companions are, as they all witness the match between  Yusei Fudo  and  Vizor . Wondering what happened when the monitor went blank, Jakob states that another door has opened, an incomplete door to the alternate possibility of humans. While Primo himself, wonders about the flash of light that appeared during the  Duel .
 When Yusei and his new friend  Bruno  complete a new engine program, Primo has  Lazar  steal it. When it is brought to him, he uses the program to upgrade a series of  Duelbots .
 The group makes use of this by creating the  Fake Jack Atlas  in an attempt to unlock something known as " the Circuit ". After the impostor is  destroyed  by the real  Jack Atlas  something happens that causes lines on the Circuit to partially appear.
 They are later seen watching  Sherry LeBlanc  cause a fake bomb warning in  Sector Security  HQ, yet they have no involvement at all with the exception of knowing that Lazar had fled.
 Later, shortly after  Team 5D's 's Duel against  Team Catastrophe , Primo betrays Jakob's orders and sends an army of  Ghosts  after the city; but  Vizor  confronts and Duels him before his spot is taken over by  Yusei Fudo . After Primo is defeated in his  Turbo Duel  with  Yusei , Jakob and Lester confront the assembled  Signers  and explain what they claim their true goal is. They have long believed that  Ener-D  was a mistake of human achievement and seek to eradicate all traces of it by destroying  New Domino City .
 They first persuaded  Roman Goodwin  to create  Zero Reverse  in the hopes that it would destroy the whole city. Since it did not, they are now trying to create a second disaster that will cause even more destruction.
 Before leaving, Jakob motivates the Signers to continue winning on the  WRGP  as the trio itself is also going to participate on the tournament.
 On Episode 117, they use their powers to make people believe they are a team participating on the WRGP finals, known as  Team New World .
 
         Aporia , the original form of the Three Pure Nobles     
 In episode 135, their back-story is revealed, being survivors of a chaotic future brought upon by an army of Meklord Emperors, and Synchro Monsters. The Three Pure Nobles were actually the same person,  Aporia , who was split into three entities by  Z-one , each a different stage in his life. The world that  Aporia  came from was evolving at an ever-increasing rate, and as the world evolved, so did the human race. However, their evolution was dependent on the  Ener-D  system, and Synchro Summons were the gears that accelerated the spinning of the Ener-D system, which began to spin more and more faster. Soon, the speed was uncontrollable, and the Ener-D eventually changed and span in a reverse direction, sparking a global disaster similar to the  Zero Reverse  incident, except on a global scale.
 At the same time, an invasion of Meklord Emperors were set upon the world, and the world was sent to ruins after the invasion. All lifeforms in the world had been vanquished, by either the Ener-D system overload or the subsequent Meklord Emperor invasion.  Aporia  himself witnessed all these events; as a child his parents were killed by a  Granel  passing by, when he was an adult he witnessed the death of a comrade (by another Granel), and during his later years as an old man he walked the ruins of the world as the last human, until he met the future  Z-one , along with a future  Antinomy  and a future  Paradox .
 Together they made  Z-one  into a god, but one by one, the three of them passed away. As the last one to die, Aporia tells Z-one to do whatever it takes to prevent their future from ever occurring, and insisted that Z-one would split him into three separate incarnations, in order to serve Z-one and carry out their task in securing a better future. Z-one promised that he would, and soon resurrected him and created his three incarnations:  Lester  (Aporia's childhood),  Primo  (Aporia's early adulthood) and  Jakob  (Aporia's elder years).
 After Yusei started to gain the upper hand during his Turbo Duel against Jakob by destroying " Meklord Emperor Granel ", the Nobles responded by merging together and becoming  Aporia  in their last attempt to defeat Yusei.
 Despite the fact that the Meklord Emperors were depicted as the genocidal engines of destruction, the trio uses them themselves, placing the blame mostly on Synchro Monsters, due to the way  Ener-D  reacts when a Synchro Summon takes place.
 
 Notes 
 Being born out of the same person, the Nobles have highly advanced android bodies capable of fusing with their Duel Runners, with the exception of  Lester  who can fuse with his Duel Board from his feet. The three nobles' names in the Japanese version are an allusion to the greatest tenors of the 20th century, Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti and José Carreras.
 All three of them are left-handed Duelists, something that they share with  Antinomy  and  Paradox . Very interesting is that  Antinomy ,  Primo ,  Lester ,  Jakob  and  Paradox  are all connected to Z-one, as they come from the same desolate future. 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/5Dx141ThreeEmperorsofIliaster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20101228110612', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/3_Emperors_of_Iliaster.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20210907184216', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/Iliasteronsite.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20210921173602', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/Jose-Throne.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090930195040', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/Aporia_in_episode_144..png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20211101201353']
Categories: Characters, Character groups, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters