Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Link_Summon


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Link Summon.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Question about Link Summoning and Banish Cards. 
 I stop playing shortly before Pendulum Stuff was released, but that's besides the point. I'm curious about if say Macro Cosmos was active on the field, which banishes cards instead of them being sent to the Graveyard. With Link Summoning, it says "During their Main Phase, the turn player can Link Summon a Link Monster from their Extra Deck by sending face-up monsters they control to the Graveyard as Link Materials", would they still be able to Link Summon if the Materials are Banished instead of going to the Graveyard? Is it a similar scenario to having Macro Cosmos & Gravekeeper Servant activate at the same time to prevent Attacks (because GS stipulates that in order to declare an attack, the Player must send the top card of their deck to the graveyard, but with MC, it can't declare the attack because they can't send the top card of their deck TO THE graveyard) or will the Materials simply be Banished and the Link Monster(s) are still Link Summoned?
 Altyrell  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:58, September 8, 2017 (UTC)
 
 You ought to be able to. Ask yourself; can you Synchro Summon while Macro Cosmos is active?  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:25, September 8, 2017 (UTC) 
 There is something that always bothers me. On some Link Monsters is written +2 Monsters by the material but the rating is for example 3 or 4. For me it means that I have to use at last 2 monsters (cause its written +2 monsters) and when the raitng is, for example, 3 I can use max. 3 monsters. It would make sense cause the effect of the link monster "Skulldeat, the Chained Dracoserpent" depends also on how many monsters are used for the summon. It is kinda difficult to understand what now right is and what isnt. I hope someone can help me to understand it.-- Icis Leibgarde  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:14, November 20, 2017 (UTC)
 
 Yes, that's correct. The Material line lists the minimum, and the Link Rating equals to the maximum. -- XBrain130™ 「 Ｘ ブレーン１３０ 」  20:15, November 20, 2017 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: