Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_172


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 デュエルアカデミアの危機! 立ちはだかる宝玉獣 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way 
 
 
 English 
 Duel Academia in Peril! The Crystal Beasts Block the Way 
 
 
 Number 
 172 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 30, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Tyranno Infinity 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " 
 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " 
 
 
 
 
 "Duel Academia in Peril! The Crystal Beasts Block the Way" , known as  "Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way"  in the Japanese version,is the one hundred and seventy-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 30, 2008.
 Jaden  is hallucinating, but begins to make his way back to  Duel Academy . On the island,  Trueman  has taken the appearance and Deck of  Daigo Sorano  and is using them to defeat various students, continuing his siege, and absorbing people into the  World of Darkness .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson 
 2.2   Tyranno Hassleberry vs. Trueman 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 As the  KaibaCorp  building in  Domino City  explodes around him,  Jaden  searches for a way out. He escapes in a  gondola , but the rope snaps, though he manages to jump to a second gondola - whose rope also snaps. Jaden Summons " Elemental Hero Neos " using  Yubel 's powers to manifest  the spirit  physically. Neos saves him, and Jaden makes it back to the  motorcycle  that  Sartorius  has used, and takes it, heading for the docks to find a way back to  Duel Academy . Back on the island,  Trueman  has taken the form of  Daigo Sorano , and challenges many  Duelists  using his numerous clones. All accept, as they are having problems finding opponents for the Graduation Duel, due to the disappearance of those that Trueman has already defeated.
 Hassleberry  is still searching for Sorano in the forest, and one of the Trueman-Sorano clones appears to challenge him as well. He suggests that Hassleberry stop hanging around with Jaden, and states that in doing so, he looks down on younger students. Hassleberry replies that that's absurd - Sorano was the first friend that the made at Duel Academy, even though Sorano was in  Obelisk Blue  and Hassleberry in  Ra Yellow . Trueman attempts to exploit the darkness in Hassleberry's heart, but is unable to, and he comments he didn't expect there to be anyone able to resist him besides Jaden. Realizing that Sorano is really Trueman, Hassleberry accepts his challenge, and both activate their  Duel Disks .
 Back in Domino, Jaden seems to be fatigued, and nearly drives Sartorius' motorcycle into the ocean, but he jumps off in time. Jaden meets who appears to be another clone of Trueman, but this one acts differently, even expressing concern for Jaden's current condition. Convinced that it's Trueman, Jaden begins a Duel with him. Trueman Summons multiple  Crystal Beasts  and Jaden realizes that he must have already defeated  Jesse . Trueman responds that he will attack to wake Jaden up. During Jaden's second turn, Trueman activates " Mine Blast " which sends his final three Crystal Beasts to the Graveyard, and the activates " Rainbow Gravity " to  Special Summon  " Rainbow Dragon ". When he attacks with it, " Polymerization " flies out of Jaden's Graveyard, and a dark aura disperses from it. Suddenly, Jaden can see clearly - he's not Dueling Trueman, he's Dueling Jesse. Having gotten Jaden's senses back to him, the Duel ends. Jaden determines that his "Polymerization" card was infected by the darkness in " Arcana Force 0 - The Fool ".
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus  appears, and tells Jaden and Jesse that both of them overcame the darkness in their own hearts - and together, they should be able to stop  Nightshroud . At Duel Academy, the Duel between Trueman and Hassleberry is underway, and Hassleberry has been reduced to less than half of his  Life Points  by " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 ". Hassleberry Summons " Hyper Hammerhead " and attacks "Horus", reducing his own Life Points to 200. However, the effect of " Hyper Hammerhead " returns "Horus" to Trueman's hand, and thus Hassleberry can play  Spell Cards  again. Using " Spacetime Transcendence ", Hassleberry  removes   Dinosaur - Type  monsters in the Graveyard from play and Summons " Tyranno Infinity ", whose attack points increase for each Dinosaur removed. Since he can't attack this turn, as his  Battle Phase  has already ended, Hassleberry plays " Dino Blast ", dealing Trueman 1200 damage.
 Trueman again determines that there is no darkness in Hassleberry's heart for him to exploit - so he'll just have to create some. Trueman creates a vision in Hassleberry's head, and takes him back to his "past life" as a  Tyranosaurus Rex . However, as such, he is a carnivore - and thus feeds on other dinosaurs, which is something that Hassleberry had never given much thought. Trueman then suggests that the dinosaur bone implanted in Hassleberry's leg is the bone of a dinosaur he ate in his past life. He then causes Hassleberry to hallucinate that he's been attacked by the dinosaurs he supposedly consumed in his past life. He then continues the Duel, and resummons "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" and plays " Burial from a Different Dimension " to return three removed Dinosaur-Type monsters to Hassleberry's Graveyard, thus reducing the  ATK  of "Tyranno Infinity" to 1000. He attacks, wiping out the rest of Hassleberry's Life Points and absorbing him into the  World of Darkness . Elsewhere, Jaden and Jesse are en route back to Duel Academy in a speedboat.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/800) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jesse 
Jesse draws. He then Normal Summons " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " (1400/800) in Attack Position. Jesse then  activates  " Golden Rule "  equipping  it to "Cobalt Eagle". Upon activation, the first effect of "Golden Rule" activates, letting Jesse take " Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle " and " Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle " from his Deck and place them in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as  Continuous Spell Cards . Jesse then activates the second effect of "Golden Rule" to  Special Summon  " Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat " (1200/400) in Attack Position. He then activates " Crystal Beacon " to Special Summon " Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " (1600/1000) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. 
 "Topaz Tiger" attacks "Burstinatrix". The effect of "Topaz Tiger" activates, increasing its ATK by 400 during the Damage Step only ("Topaz Tiger": 1600 → 2000/1000), but Jaden activates his face-down " Mirror Gate " to switch control of both battling monsters before damage is calculated. "Topaz Tiger" destroys "Burstinatrix" (Jesse 4000 → 3200). After the Damage Step, the effect of "Topaz Tiger" expires ("Topaz Tiger": 2000 → 1600/1000).
 "Amethyst Cat" attacks  directly  via its own effect at the cost of halving the Battle Damage Jaden takes (Jaden 4000 → 3400). Jesse then activates " Rare Value " to send "Ruby Carbuncle" in his Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard and  draw  two cards. Since a monster placed in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone  via "Golden Rule" has left the field, "Golden Rule" is destroyed. Subsequently "Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" is destroyed too due to the last effect of "Golden Rule". 
 Jesse activates " Crystal Spring ". Now whenever a Crystal Beast is returned to Jesse's Deck, he can take two  Crystal Beasts  from his Deck  and place all three cards on of his Deck in any order. Jesse then activates the effect of "Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle" to return "Emerald Turtle" to the top of his Deck. Jesse then activates the effect of " Crystal Spring " to place "Emerald Tortoise", " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " and " Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth " on top of his Deck. Jesse sets two cards. On Jesse's  End Phase , control of "Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger" returns to Jesse.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse " Elemental Hero Avian " with " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and " Elemental Hero Sparkman " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Tempest " (2800/2800) in Attack Position. 
 "Tempest" attacks "Cobalt Eagle", with Jesse activating his face-down " Mine Blast " to send the top five cards of his Deck to the  Graveyard  (" Rainbow Life ", " Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins ", "Emerald Turtle", "Amber Mammoth" and "Sapphire Pegasus"), but he cannot conduct his  Draw Phase  during his next turn. Jesse then activates his face-down " Rainbow Gravity " to Special Summon " Rainbow Dragon " (4000/0) from his Deck in Attack Position, as all seven  Crystal Beasts  are either on the field or in the Graveyard.
 A replay occurs, but since "Rainbow Gravity" was used to summon "Rainbow Dragon", all of Jaden's Attack Position monsters must attack "Rainbow Dragon", so "Tempest's" attack is redirected to "Rainbow Dragon."  "Rainbow Dragon" then destroys "Elemental Hero Tempest" (Jaden 3400 → 2200). The aftershock from the attack is so powerful, it knocks "Polymerization" out of Jaden's Graveyard. This action purifies "Polymerization" of the darkness infecting it, which subsequently removes the dark spell Jaden is under. After Jaden sees that he is Dueling Jesse instead of  Trueman , the Duel is called off.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry vs. Trueman 
 The Duel is shown from an unspecified point. Hassleberry has " Destroyersaurus " (1800/1100) in Attack Position and 2900  Life Points , while Trueman has " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 " (3000/1800) in Attack Position and " Royal Decree " on his side of the field  as well as 2600 Life Points. Due to the effect of "Royal Decree", all other Trap Cards are negated.
 Trueman's turn 
"Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" attacks and destroys "Destroyersaurus"(Hassleberry 2900 → 1700).
 Hassleberry's turn 
Hassleberry draws " Hyper Hammerhead " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in  Attack Position . "Hyper Hammerhead" then attacks "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8". "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" then destroys "Hyper Hammerhead" (Hassleberry 1700 → 200), but this activates the latter's effect, returning "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" to Trueman's hand. 
 Hassleberry then  activates  " Spacetime Transcendence " to  remove from play  " Dark Driceratops ", " Gilasaurus ", "Destroyersaurus" and "Hyper Hammerhead" from his  Graveyard  in order to Special Summon " Tyranno Infinity " (?/0) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Tyranno Infinity", it gains 1000 ATK for each Dinosaur-type monster that is currently in Hassleberry's  Removed from Play Zone . There are currently four ("Tyranno Infinity": ? → 4000/0). Hassleberry then activates " Dino Blast " to inflict damage to Trueman equal to the Level of "Tyranno Infinity" times 300. "Tyranno Infinity" is Level 4 (Trueman 2600 → 1400).
 Trueman's turn 
Trueman draws " Premature Burial " and subsequently activates it to  pay  800 Life Points (Trueman 1400 → 600) and Special Summon " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6 " (2300/1800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. He then activates " Magical Stone Excavation " to discard " Level Down! " and " Level Modulation " and add " Level Up! " from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 Trueman then activates "Level Up! to send "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" to the Graveyard and Special Summon "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" from his hand (3000/1800) in Attack Position. He then activates " Burial from a Different Dimension " to return "Gilasaurus", "Dark Driceratops" and "Destroyersaurus" from the  Removed from Play Zone  to Hassleberry's Graveyard ("Tyranno Infinity": 4000 → 1000/0). "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" attacks and destroys "Tyranno Infinity" (Hassleberry 200 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Tempest Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Mirror Gate 
 
 Jesse Anderson Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle [Notes 1] 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle [Notes 1] 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger 
 Rainbow Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins 
 Crystal Beacon 
 Crystal Spring 
 Golden Rule 
 Rare Value 
 Traps 
 Mine Blast 
 Rainbow Gravity 
 Rainbow Life 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Driceratops 
 Destroyersaurus 
 Gilasaurus 
 Hyper Hammerhead 
 Tyranno Infinity Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dino Blast 
 Spacetime Transcendence 
 
 Trueman (Sorano's Deck) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Level Down! 
 Level Modulation 
 Level Up! 
 Magical Stone Excavation 
 Premature Burial 
 Traps 
 Royal Decree 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force 0 - The Fool 
 Card Trooper  x2 
 Dandylion 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 Rainbow Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 E - Emergency Call  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Skyscraper 
 Super Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Barrier 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card was shown as a  Continuous Spell Card . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Series172.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20091010045658']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes