Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Rebecca2.jpg


 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 
 
 
 
 Rebecca, during the Grand Championship 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Rebecca Hopkins 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Becky 
 
 
 Japanese   
 レベッカ・ホプキンス 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Arthur Hawkins  (grandfather) 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Grand Championship   Top 4     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Shadow Ghoul Gem Dragon Gem Dragon/ Anti-Cure 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Big Bang USA 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 41: " The Wrath of Rebecca " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Kerry Williams 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kaori Tagami 
 
 
 German  
 Jill Schulz 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Fernanda Bullara (Brazil) Leticia Quinto (Yu-Gi-Oh!, 2nd Voice) (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Leyla Rangel (Americas; 1st voice) Mayra Arellano (Americas; 2nd voice) Ana Esther Alborg (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Rebecca Hawkins , known as  Rebecca Hopkins  in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  second series anime . She is an original character created for the anime and does not exist in the manga.
 Rebecca is, in the original Japanese version, the youngest person to become the American Duel Monsters champion, formerly held by  Bandit Keith . In the English anime, she is the Intercontinental Champion. Rebecca is also the granddaughter of  Arthur Hawkins . She is twelve years old in the original Japanese anime. In the dub, she is eight, ten in  Waking the Dragons .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 2.2   Waking the Dragons 
 2.3   KC Grand Championship 
 2.4   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Relationships 
 
 4.1   Yugi Muto 
 4.2   Arthur Hawkins 
 4.3   Téa Gardner 
 4.4   Joey Wheeler 
 4.5   Vivian Wong 
 
 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Anime 
 
 5.1.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 5.1.2   Waking the Dragons 
 5.1.3   Grand Championship 
 
 
 5.2   Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 5.2.1   Decks 
 5.2.2   Deck Recipe 
 
 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Linework     
 Her appearance in this arc is different from her appearance in Waking the Dragons. She still keeps the short skirt, but wears thigh-high socks to cover her legs. She also wears a light blue top over a grey T-shirt and reverted back to having two pigtails. She has blue eyes, light blonde hair and light pale skin.
 
 Personality 
 She was very rude and mean at first when meeting new people such as Yugi. She also looked down on ranks as second rank wasn't that important to her but she only cared about first place. She also use to talk to a stuffed teddy bear that she calls Teddy. However she starts to be kindly to Yugi and his friends. She even has a crush on him and fights Vivian Wong for his affection. Rebecca doesn't really seem to fight Tea for Yugi's affection as she can tell that Tea (in the Japanese version) has a crush on Yami Yugi.
 
 Biography 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Rebecca is the granddaughter of  Arthur Hawkins , an old friend of  Yugi Muto 's grandfather,  Solomon Muto . Rebecca encountered Yugi as he returns from  Duelist Kingdom . She accused Solomon of stealing her grandfather's prized " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and demanded he Duel her for it, when asked about how she knew that Solomon "stole" the card, she replies that  Bandit Keith  told her. As he was recently discharged from the hospital, Solomon cannot Duel, so Yugi Dueled Rebecca in his place.
 
         Rebecca in her original appearance.     
 While they Dueled, Solomon recounted how he met Arthur, an archaeologist who believed that the ancient Egyptians played an ancient form of  Duel Monsters . Arthur's colleagues laughed at his strange ideas, and he set out on an expedition with Solomon to find proof. They were trapped when a tomb caved in, and as there were only enough supplies for one person to live, they Dueled for them. Now, Yugi and Rebecca are fighting, card for card, the very same Duel, and Solomon claims he knows how it will end.
 Rebecca  discarded  various  monsters  to her  Graveyard  to power up her " Shadow Ghoul " monster, and Yugi  conceded  defeat. Rebecca demanded the card, but Solomon reveals it was destroyed. An angry Rebecca yelled at Solomon (unaware that it was really  Seto Kaiba  that destroyed it) until Arthur arrived, telling her to behave. He showed Rebecca the card Yugi had  drawn  before he forfeited. That card was " Soul Release ", which would have allowed Yugi to  remove  five monsters from her Graveyard, thus weakening the "Shadow Ghoul" just enough for Yugi's " Dark Magician " to  destroy  it. Yugi admitted that he surrendered on purpose, just as his grandfather did to let Arthur take the last of the water that they had. When they were rescued, Arthur was so grateful that he gave his "Blue-Eyes" card to Solomon. After learning about the story, Rebecca quickly apologized for being mean to Yugi and not listening to his side of the story. Yugi gave Rebecca his " The Ties of Friendship " as a reminder of this lesson, which she kept ever since.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
         Rebecca as she appears in the Waking the Dragons arc.     
 She and her grandfather returned in the  Waking the Dragons  arc to help Yugi and his friends against  Dartz . Here, Rebecca appears noticeably older-looking and wearing glasses (to the point that everyone barely recognizes her) and is also in college — much to the shock of Yugi and the gang. 
 She helped by researching Dartz’s Three Swordsmen and hacking into  KaibaCorp ’s computer system to track others via their  Duel Disks . She also seemed to be slaving under the delusion that Yugi was her "boyfriend" (her "darling" in the Japanese version, a reference to  Urusei Yatsura ) — something which made  Téa Gardner  jealous. This didn’t seem to be a pretend crush as she was devastated when Yugi's soul was taken and tried to defeat  Valon  in vengeance. However, she and Duke were defeated by Valon easily.
 Later Yami Yugi apologized to her, and she said that to Yami Yugi that she won't forgive him for what happen to Yugi. She said to Yami Yugi, that he better bring Yugi back safely. She then helps Yami Yugi and Kaiba break in KaibaCorp to get something. She then wished Yami Yugi good luck for his duel with Dartz, while she say behind hoping that everything was alright.
 
 KC Grand Championship 
 After Dartz was defeated, the gang stayed with Rebecca and her grandfather for a while. Rebecca then took part in the  KC Grand Championship , where she defeats Chinese champion  Vivian Wong  and  Abe the Monkey Man . She lost to  Leon von Schroeder  in the semi-finals which she's greatly upset about it and she wanted a rematch with Yugi again. She spent the rest of the tournament cheering from the sidelines. She is absent after the tournament ended, telling Yugi that she will Duel him again one day, and telling Téa (with a coy look) that she will miss her.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 In the Japanese version of the  final episode , Rebecca made her final appearance by hugging Yugi at the airport while Tea glares at the scene.
 
 Other appearances 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Millennium Duels) 
 Relationships 
 Yugi Muto 
 Initially, Rebecca was hostile to both Yugi and his grandfather, accusing them of stealing her grandfather's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", but this conflict is resolved very quickly. However, during her second appearance in the Waking the Dragons arc, Rebecca announces that she is in college and has taken Yugi as her "boyfriend". Since then, Rebecca continues to express her romantic affection for Yugi, getting angry at Yami Yugi after his loss to Rafael. The two even share a bit of a moment at Rebecca's destroyed house. She also gets mad at Vivian when she tries to flirt with Yugi, and taunts her after beating her in a Duel. Then, during her Duel with Leon von Schroeder, she gets depressed when Yugi gets distracted by having to find his grandfather, who goes missing, and hugged him pretty much whenever she saw him.
 
 Arthur Hawkins 
 Arthur is Rebecca's grandfather and she values his protection as much as he values hers.
 
 Téa Gardner 
 Up until Season 4, Rebecca never really hung out with Téa, mostly due to her own accusations of theft towards Yugi Muto and his grandpa. In Season 4, she has a bigger bond towards her, even talking to her about her concerns regarding Yugi and Yami.
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Generally, Rebecca never really showed any bonding with Joey, though she was often on the receiving end of his comments both from her first appearance and later appearance in Season 4.
 
 Vivian Wong 
 To Rebecca, Vivian comes off as a rival of sorts, mostly due to Vivian's equal love of Yugi Muto. Whenever Vivian is around with Rebecca or vice-versa, Rebecca does not show any support for her, having already claimed Yugi for herself.
 
 Decks 
 Anime 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Rebecca originally utilizes her grandfather's  Shadow Ghoul Deck , which she had inherited from him, focused around loading the  Graveyard  with  Monster Cards  through cards such as " Judgment Blaster " to power up her favourite monster  Shadow Ghoul . In addition, she also uses a large quantity of cards which give her a  hand advantage  such as " Skelengel " and " Sangan ".  Solomon Muto , watching the duel between her and Yugi, thought about how their duel and the cards they played were an exact recreation of his past duel with Arthur.
 
 
 Anime Deck - Season 1 Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Millennium Shield 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier  x2 
 Electric Snake [Notes 1] 
 Sangan  x3 
 Shadow Ghoul 
 Skelengel [Notes 1] 
 Witch of the Black Forest  x3 Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Judgment Blaster 
 Ring of Magnetism 
 Stop Defense 
 Tribute to the Doomed 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In the  Waking the Dragons  arc, Rebecca played a  Gem Dragon  Deck .
 
 
 
 Anime Deck - Season 4 Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Luster Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 Rope of Life 
 Grand Championship 
 During the  Grand Championship , Rebecca uses a  Gem Dragon / Anti-Cure  Deck . Her main strategy is using " Fire Princess " along with " Marie the Fallen One " to constantly inflict damage. She also utilizes a large quantity of stall cards such as " Gravity Bind " and " Imperial Order ".
 
 
 Anime Deck - Season 5 Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Luster Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Ruby Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cure Mermaid [Notes 2] 
 Diamond Head Dragon  x2 [Notes 3] 
 Fire Princess 
 Guardian Angel Joan 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Witch of the Black Forest Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Adamantine Sword Revival 
 Dragon's Gunfire 
 Graceful Charity 
 Polymerization [Notes 4] 
 Pot of Greed 
 Ring of Magnetism [Notes 5] 
 Scapegoat 
 Silent Doom 
 Stamping Destruction 
 The Shallow Grave 
 Token Thanksgiving 
 Tribute to the Doomed 
 Traps 
 Dragon's Rage [Notes 6] 
 Gravity Bind 
 Imperial Order 
 Rope of Life 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Decks 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour , Rebecca plays a  Burn Deck  similar to her third anime Deck called  Big Bang USA . 
 
 
 Big Bang USA (Version 1) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier  x3 
 Copycat 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Dancing Fairy  x3 
 Fire Princess  x3 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Magician of Faith 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Sangan 
 Servant of Catabolism  x2 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Skull-Mark Ladybug  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Goblin Thief 
 Graceful Charity 
 Level Limit - Area B  x2 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Poison of the Old Man 
 Pot of Greed 
 Scapegoat  x3 
 Token Thanksgiving 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Gravity Bind  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Solemn Wishes  x2 
 Ultimate Offering 
 
 Big Bang USA (Version 2) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier  x3 
 Copycat 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Dancing Fairy  x2 
 Fire Princess  x3 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Magician of Faith 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Sangan 
 Servant of Catabolism  x3 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Skull-Mark Ladybug  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Graceful Charity 
 Level Limit - Area B  x2 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Mage Power 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Poison of the Old Man 
 Pot of Greed 
 Scapegoat  x3 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Gravity Bind  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Solemn Wishes  x2 
 Ultimate Offering 
 Deck Recipe 
 
 U.S. Champion Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cannon Soldier  x3 
 Copycat 
 D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Dancing Fairy  x2 
 Fire Princess  x3 
 Injection Fairy Lily 
 Magician of Faith 
 Marie the Fallen One 
 Sangan 
 Servant of Catabolism  x3 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Skull-Mark Ladybug  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Graceful Charity 
 Level Limit - Area B  x2 
 Lightning Vortex 
 Mage Power 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Poison of the Old Man 
 Pot of Greed 
 Scapegoat  x3 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Gravity Bind  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Solemn Wishes  x2 
 Ultimate Offering 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Yugi Muto 
 41 - 42 
 Win [Notes 7] 
 
 
 Valon 
 165 
 Lose (with  Duke Devlin )
 
 
 Vivian Wong 
 189 
 Win
 
 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 191 
 Win
 
 
 Leon Wilson 
 192 - 193 
 Lose
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in her  hand  in  episode 42 . 
 
 ↑   This is  discarded  via " Graceful Charity " during  episode 189 . 
 
 ↑   A second copy of this card is drawn in  episode 193 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in her opening hand in  episode 192 . 
 
 ↑   This is discarded via "Graceful Charity" in  episode 192 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 193  but not  activated . 
 
 ↑   Yugi would have won having drawn  Soul Release  which would have allowed him to decrease the attack points of Rebecca's  Shadow Ghoul  by removing up to 5 monsters from her graveyard (via Soul Release's effect); thus, enabling  Dark Magician  to destroy Shadow Ghoul, winning Yugi the duel. Yugi chose to surrender to teach Rebecca a lesson in respect and the  Heart of the Cards . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Rebecca2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160327034542', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Rebecca_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070623143521', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Yugioh041.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140106220653', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Rebecca_4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20100314224059', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/RebeccaHawkinsMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190602121454', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters