Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_060


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 060 
 
 
 
 
 The prisoners use their  Synchro Monsters  to barter their way out of work. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 地 獄 の 沙 汰 もカード 次 第 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jigoku no Sata mo Kādo Shidai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 No Cards, No Pardon 
 
 
 English 
 Showdown in the Slammer 
 
 
 Number 
 060 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 14, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 July 31, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 September 3, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 " Hero's Fall " 
 
 
 
 
 " Showdown in the Slammer ", known as " No Cards, No Pardon " in the Japanese version, is the sixtieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 14, 2015 and in Canada on September 30, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 27, 2016. In the US, the dubbed version became exclusive to Hulu in January 2018.
 Yuya  and his friends were captured by  Sector Security  and taken to the  Facility  that everyone fears, with the rumor that once you're in, there's no way out. Yuya, who is worried about the missing  Riley , is reunited with his fellow  Lancers . But the rejoice is short lived as they find a  Duelist  who controls all prison guards and prisoners waiting for them.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
       Celina  tells  Yuya  that during the commotion  Moon Shadow  had come and saved  Riley  from being arrested.     
 Sylvio  yells at the  Sector Security  officers to let him go and asks who they think he is, and the officer handling him tells him to shut up before tossing him into the back of a van. Sylvio gets up, furiously asking the officer if he knows what will happen when Sylvio tells  his father  about this, but he's interrupted by first  Shinji  and then  Crow  being thrown in on top of him.  Yuya  is thrown in next, and he turns just in time to catch  Celina  and prevent her from falling. As the officers begin to close the door, Yuya shoulder charges it, yelling  Riley's  name. The officers tell Yuya to stop resisting, but he ignores them, asking where Riley is until they finally slam the doors shut.  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren  run up, crying Crow's name, and a Sector Security officer urgently tells them not to get any closer. Crow gets up to the back window, telling the kids not to worry about him and to eat properly. The van drives away, with the kids crying Crow's name and Amanda yelling at the officers to give him back. Yuya continues to yell at the driver, begging him to stop. Crow tells Yuya to calm down, and Yuya protests that he has to find Riley. Celina reassures Yuya that he doesn't have to worry about Riley; since she saw  Moon  rescue him when they were captured. Crow observes that Moon came from  another dimension  like Yuya did, and Celina confirms it, theorizing that Moon was looking for them under  Declan Akaba 's orders. Yuya is surprised, and Crow suggests that it's one less thing to worry about. Sylvio noses the camera, protesting that it's not since this is clearly a mistaken arrest; he'll tell his father on them and get them all fired (in the dub, he begs the officer to let them out, even promising to dance a jig for it). He yells at the driver, and Celina tells Sylvio that he needs to calm down too. Crow apologizes to Shinji, given that Shinji was only trying to warn them and ended up captured too. Shinji reassures Crow that at least they managed to avoid the kids getting captured. Crow muses that he hopes that the kids won't resort to stealing food again, and Shinji reminds Crow that  their   friends  on the outside will take care of them. Yuya looks around the van, wondering where Sector Security is taking them. Shinji laughs, commenting that if Sector Security put you in a car, it can only be taking you to  one place .
 In his office,  the Director  briefs the head of the Facility, explaining that the five that they have captured will be arriving there shortly. He orders that Celina, the girl who used  Fusion Summoning , be kept separate from the others; once she's all settled in, he will come by to investigate. The Director tells the Facility head that he can treat the others like the rest of his prisoners, but he must lock them up and keep an eye on them. He muses that he has plenty of time and will investigate each of the prisoners thoroughly. 
 At the Facility, a blonde guard is playing what looks like  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers  on a handheld, cheering that he's in the lead. A dark-skinned guard enters the room, explaining to him that they have some new prisoners coming in; ordering them to be kept separate and to keep an eye on them, and to put the girl with them into special confinement. The blonde guard is barely paying attention, but he reassures the other guard that he's got it. 
 The van arrives at the Facility, and the blonde guard and a female guard receive orders from an officer. Sylvio protests that he's Sylvio Sawatari, but one of the officers tells Sylvio that he's never heard of him, so he should be quiet. The woman tells Celina that she's being placed in special confinement away from the others. Yuya is surprised, but Celina reassures him that it's okay, so Yuya shouldn't make a scene, and the female guard leads her away. The blonde guard explains that their  Duel Disks  will be confiscated, and returns their Decks to them, stating that unauthorized Dueling is not allowed. Crow is surprised that their Decks aren't being confiscated, and the blonde guard explains with a smile that here, their Deck is as valuable as their life. He comments that they'd better enjoy it while they can, and with that, he welcomes them to the gathering place of scum.
 The doors open to the main communal area of the Facility; a cylindrical space ringed with cells that rise far above the floor. Sylvio muses that from that greeting they can forget about expecting a soft bed and a full-course meal. Crow explains that aside from a select few dangerous individuals, everyone here is a  Common  arrested under false pretenses. Shinji comments that there's easily 100 to 200 held on false charges. Yuya asks if that means that they are like them. Shinji admits that it's true, but here there are only two types of people; those with no light left in their eyes, and those whose eyes still glow. He glances aside at some prisoners defiantly.
 
       Gong  tearfully embraces  Yuya  after being reunited while in the  Facility .     
 The Lancers' and Commons' Solid Vision cuffs are dematerialized, and the blonde guard locks their shared cell, telling them that from now on this will be their home sweet home. He warns them to make sure that they get along with their fellow trash roommates and leaves with a snicker. Crow snorts, noting the sarcasm. As the blonde guard walks away, he remembers that he was told something about the others, but dismisses it and walks away. Crow wonders what they'll do now, and the group look around the cell, noticing two other Commons prisoners, one in red and another in green. The red Common comments that it looks like they have some newcomers. Yuya is surprised, and the red Common asks if they're going to greet them. Yuya politely tells them that it's nice to meet them, and the green Common angrily asks if Yuya calls that a greeting. The red Common states that Yuya should be down on his knees saying "Nice to meet you sir!" Yuya is confused that they expect him to go so far, and Sylvio arrogantly suggests that they bring him a couch if they want him to go that far (in the dub, Sylvio states that they plan to hurt Yuya). The two Commons aren't happy with Sylvio's insolence, but then  Gong  walks over, telling the Commons to quit being so unseemly. Yuya is surprised to see Gong, but Gong suddenly embraces him, beginning to suffocate poor Yuya. Gong sadly observes that he thought that he'd never see Yuya again, and then to meet him here, he…but before he can finish the sentence, he bursts into tears. 
 
       Shay  in solitary confinement.     
 Crow asks in confusion who this overly affectionate guy is, and  Dennis  calls out from the corner of the cell, telling "Gonny" that he's overreacting; Dennis told Gong that they'd meet here eventually. He turns over on his bed and greets Yuya in English. Yuya is surprised to see Dennis, and Dennis explained that he was Dueling  Shay  in the  Underground Dueling Arena  and got captured. Yuya asks if Shay is here too, and Dennis replies that Shay is, and is doing fine for the most part. Unfortunately, on his first day in the Facility, he got into a fight with ten or so other prisoners and was sent straight to solitary confinement. Shay is shown sitting on his bed as Dennis explains his predicament. The red Common calls Gong, "Bro", and he asks if Gong knows the newcomers. Gong introduces Yuya as his best friend and Sylvio as his acquaintance (in the dub, Gong states that he would've eaten Sylvio's and the 2 other prisoners' meals for a week otherwise). The two Commons are horrified at having insulted Gong's best friend and acquaintance, and they get on their knees and bow apologetically, much to the embarrassment of everyone else in the room. Gong asks Yuya if he knows what's happened to Declan and the others, and Yuya explains that Riley is safe and probably with Declan, but as for  Zuzu … Gong asks in surprise if Yuya has seen Zuzu, and Yuya corrects Gong that he hasn't, but she seems to be nearby. He states that they need to get out and search for her. Sylvio asks if Gong can get them out since he seems to be the kingpin around here. Gong admits that he can't, and explains that he's not exactly the kingpin around the place. Dennis explains that the kingpin of the prisoners is in another cell, and from what he hears, has been the kingpin for ten years.
 
         Yuya  underserved because he was unable to bribe the food handler with rare cards.     
 Later the Lancers line up to get dinner. Dennis is served and walks away, but Yuya's helping is tiny, much to his indignation. The server claims that they have to ensure that everyone gets enough, despite the clearly full stocks. Yuya tries to call him out, but the prisoners behind Yuya tells him to get moving since they're hungry. Sylvio is next in line, and he haughtily introduces himself, threatening the server with the promise to tell his father on him. That doesn't work either, and both Shinji and Crow are treated the same as Shinji observes. Crow suggests that they just forget about it and eat, heading off to join Gong and Dennis. Yuya suddenly notices someone in the line passing a " Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier " to the server, and receiving a large portion as a result. Yuya is intrigued, but Crow tells him to get moving. As Yuya heads off, a prisoner trips him up, spilling his meager meal all over the ground, and Crow turns, gasping Yuya's name. The prisoner tells Yuya that he'd better watch where he's walking. Before anyone can react, another prisoner throws a bucket of water over Sylvio, Shinji and Crow's meals, claiming that he tripped over Yuya and informing them that the water came out of the cloth that was used to clean the bathrooms earlier. Crow and Sylvio are all ready for a fight, but the dark-skinned guard tells them that they'll be sent straight to solitary confinement if they fight. Gong agrees, telling them not to cause any more trouble and he reassures them that they'll share their food. Dennis then points out the kingpin of the prisoners,  an old man  in an olive threadbare kimono. The kingpin is eating some exquisite cuisine as Yuya notes, and then Gong's two friends ask if Yuya is all right. The red Common explains that the kingpin is in an even higher position than the local guards here, and the kingpin eats silently before opening an eye to look at Yuya. 
 After dinner, Yuya, Sylvio, Crow, Shinji, and four other prisoners are tasked with cleaning the bathrooms. Crow indignantly protests that they just finished doing the dishes, but the blonde guard replies that cleaning the bathrooms is the job of the newcomers of the week. He warns them that the boiler has been turned off so that if they try and take an impromptu shower they'll get a cold one (the showers aren't mentioned in the dub). One of the other Commons walks forward, claiming that he came down with a cold, and he gives an " Ally of Justice Light Gazer " card to the blonde guard. Yuya realizes that the Commons are using card bribes, and the other Commons walk forwards, claiming to be suffering muscle fatigue, malnutrition, and feeling sleepy as they hand a " Jurrac Meteor ", " Ancient Flamvell Deity " and " Windmill Genex " respectively to the blonde guard. The guard tells them that they can go, and he tells Yuya, Sylvio, Shinji and Crow that they will do the rest. Sylvio protests that there is something wrong with this, and the guard warns them that if they don't do it properly, they'll have to do it over. 
 
         Gong  and  Dennis  admit they used cards as currency while in the  Facility .     
 Dennis later explains that cards act as a currency in the prison, which also gets you treated better. Yuya realizes that this is why their Decks were returned to them, and Sylvio admits that he would have handed over some cards to eat if he'd realized earlier. Yuya chastises Sylvio for thinking in that manner as cards aren't money and shouldn't be used as a bribe, but when he looks over at Gong and Dennis, he realizes that they used their cards. Yuya begins to scold Gong, but the two Commons interrupt, protesting that it's not like that. Gong tells them not to say unnecessary things, but the red Common begs Gong to let him tell Yuya. He explains that they lost their own Decks in a Duel before coming to the Facility, and thus they were bullied horribly as a result. That ended when Gong punched a hole in the concrete next to the blonde guard, giving him two cards so that the prisoners wouldn't get bullied. Dennis used his cards as well, tossing a  Spell  and a  Trap Card  to the server and embedding them into the bar, warning him cheerfully that he'd better let the Commons eat. Dennis modestly notes that Gong was going off and making only himself look cool. Yuya understands what Gong did, but he still considers it wrong and Gong agrees. The blonde guard then opens the cell bars, telling the group that they've been called out.
 
         Chojiro Tokumatsu  shows off the collection of cards that he has amassed.     
 The Lancers and the Commons are taken to the kingpin's older-styled room, where the kingpin sits on top of a large block covered by a sheet, with his two attendants in the room with him. The blue-robed attendant explains that their kingpin,  Chojiro Tokumatsu , has called them out himself. Crow recognizes the name, and Sylvio asks where Chojiro gets off telling them to come out here. Dennis tries to pacify Sylvio, stating that he shouldn't fight these guys since it'll just make this a hassle (in the dub, he simply tells Sylvio to keep his mouth shut). Chojiro and his lackeys tell the group to bring their cards out if they want to enjoy their life here. Yuya promptly refuses, and Gong agrees, claiming that he doesn't have a single card for the purpose of pleasing the kingpin of the prisoners. Yuya states that they have to get out of here as soon as possible; they aren't planning on enjoying themselves here. The green Common gets worried, but Gong reassures him that it'll be okay. Chojiro tells them to listen; he's the kingpin of this place, so that means that he makes the rules. He claims that they're all beneath him so they obey him. Yuya insists that cards are to be used for Dueling, and Chojiro laments that Yuya is just another brat who won't listen to reason. He tells the group to take a look at this, and he leaps off the block that he's sitting on. His lackeys remove the white covering, revealing that the block is made up entirely of Duel Monsters cards, including a number of  Synchro Monsters  and when he lands he sends up a gust of wind similar to Gong's drawing action. Chojiro explains that these are the cards of all who've challenged him and lost during his time at the Facility; in all this time he's never lost a single Duel. Here cards are proof of who's on top, and Dueling is proof of power. 
 Yuya replies that Chojiro is wrong; Duels are meant to be fun. Chojiro's eyebrows twitch at the word and the green lackey laughs, commenting that Yuya thinks that Dueling is for fun. Chojiro furiously tells the lackey not to show him his disgusting cackling face, and the lackey apologizes. Chojiro turns to Yuya, telling him that if he'd just given them to him he would have let this slide. He calls for the guard, and the blonde guard runs up, asking what Chojiro needs. Chojiro throws a " Harpie's Feather Duster " at the door and embeds it in the bars, ordering the guard to bring them some Duel Disks; they're going to Duel now. Realizing that he's been given a rare card, the guard immediately complies. Chojiro notes that in the Facility it's said that cards determine your fate, and if Yuya won't listen, he'll have to learn the hard way and had better prepare himself; Chojiro will knock some sense into him through a Duel. Yuya replies that he wouldn't have it any other way. 
 
         Tokumatsu  and his 4 " Flower Cardian " monsters.     
 As the two face off, Chojiro comments that Yuya still doesn't get it yet; those who fight against those on top are always crushed (in the dub, Chojiro states that there's no place to run in a prison). Yuya activates his Duel Disk, replying that they'll see if he gets crushed or not. Calling Yuya a brat, Chojiro activates his own Duel Disk, and they both shout "Duel!" Chojiro starts, adopting a pose that Shinji and Crow recognize, activating the Spell Card " Flower Gathering " from his hand. It allows him to  Special Summon  four " Flower Cardian " monsters from his Deck with 100  ATK , so he Special Summons " Flower Cardian Pine ", " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass ", " Flower Cardian Paulownia " and " Flower Cardian Willow " all in  Attack Position . The four tablet slot together, and Sylvio is shocked to see Chojiro Summon four monsters at once, and Chojiro proceeds to activate another Spell Card, " Flower Stacking ", which allows him to place three "Flower Cardian" monsters on top of this Deck in the order that he chooses. He chooses, in order from top to bottom, " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon ", " Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix " and " Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher ". Then Chojiro activates the effect of the " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane " in his hand,  Tributing  "Pine" in order to Special Summon it to the field, and the new slat replaces "Pine" in the sequence. When "Pine with Crane" is Special Summoned, he can draw a card, and he draws "Zebra Grass with Moon", which he immediately Special Summons by Tributing "Zebra Grass". The effect of "Zebra Grass with Moon" also allows Chojiro to draw a card, and he draws "Paulownia with Phoenix", Tributing "Paulownia" to Special Summon it. "Paulownia" also allows Chojiro to draw another card, and he draws the "Willow with Calligrapher" that he'd placed, Tributing "Willow" to Special Summon it, and then drawing a card with the effect of "Willow with Calligrapher". Dennis gasps "Amazing" in English, impressed that Chojiro has brought out four 2000 ATK monsters. Chojiro holds up the " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain " that he drew, but without "Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom" on the field, it is  sent  to the  Graveyard . As Crow and Shinji watch, Chojiro steps forwards and he claims that he's not done just yet and that he's just getting started. He activates the effect of " Willow with Calligrapher", which allows him to change the  Level  of all monsters that he controls to  Level 2  when he  Synchro Summons . Lightning crackles over the joined "Flower Cardians" and they all become Level 2. Tokumatsu  tunes  the now Level 2 "Pine with Crane", "Zebra Grass with Moon" and "Paulownia with Phoenix" with the now Level 2 "Willow with Calligrapher", and  chants  "Rain down! Become light and pour down! Synchro Summon!  Level 8 ! Come forth,  Flower Cardian Lightshower ! ((Dub) "Behold, Dueling at its very best! Dueling at its most powerful! I Synchro Summon! Rise, Level 8,  Flower Cardian Lightshower !")" Crow observes that in addition to his prior moves, Chojiro pulled off a Synchro Summon in his first turn as well (in the dub, he comments on the monster's "flower power"). Chojiro  Sets  two cards to end his turn. He tells Yuya that he'll say this again; cards are the sign of those on top, and Dueling the sign of power. 
 Yuya replies that no matter how many times Chojiro says it, his beliefs won't change; Dueling is for fun. He declares his turn and he draws, but Chojiro claims that Yuya is naïve, activating the effect of " Lightshower". When his opponent draws, they take 1500 damage. "Lightshower" hurls a bolt of lightning at Yuya from its umbrella, shocking Gong as Yuya falls to 2500  LP . Dennis realizes that Yuya will take a large amount of damage whenever he draws, and Sylvio comments that Yuya will have to win before that happens (in the dub, Sylvio notes that Yuya isn't having much fun right now). Yuya claims that Chojiro isn't the only one who can Summon multiple monsters, to the latter's surprise. Yuya uses the Scale 3 " Performapal Bit Bite Turtle " and the Scale 8 " Timegazer Magician " to set the  Pendulum Scale . As the  Pendulum Monsters  arise in their  Pendulum Zones , Chojiro is surprised to see that this method of Summoning is used in the outside world. Yuya explains that he can simultaneously Summon monsters from Levels  4  to  7 , much to the shock of Chojiro's lackies. Yuya chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the sky!  Pendulum Summon ! Come, my monsters! ((Dub) "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready to swing into action!")" He Pendulum Summons " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", " Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper " and " Performapal Sellshell Crab " from his hand. 
 But Chojiro smiles and activates a  Continuous Trap Card ; " Fraud Freeze ". Since Yuya Special Summoned monsters from his hand, those monsters are returned to his hand. Dennis is floored, yelling "My god! ("Not good!" in the dub)" and he gasps that Yuya's Pendulum Summoning got shut down like it was cheating. Sylvio muses in frustration that as long as that Trap Card is in play, Yuya's Pendulum Summoning will be treated like cheating. Crow adds that Chojiro has "Lightshower", so Yuya will take 1500 damage every time he draws. Gong whispers Yuya's name. Chojiro muses that Dueling has changed greatly in the ten years that he's been in the Facility, but he'll take his undefeated Dueling and break it like it was nothing (in the dub, he tells Yuya that the worst is yet to come)..
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Chojiro Tokumatsu 
         Yuya  vs.  Chojiro .     
 Turn 1: Chojiro 
 Chojiro   activates  " Flower Gathering ", allowing him to  Special Summon  four "Flower Cardian"  monsters  with 100  ATK  each from his  Deck  in  Attack Position . He Special Summons " Flower Cardian Pine " (100/100), " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass " (100/100), " Flower Cardian Willow " (100/100) and " Flower Cardian Paulownia " (100/100). He activates " Flower Stacking ", allowing him to place three "Flower Cardian" monsters in his Deck on top of his Deck. He chooses, in order from top to bottom, " Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon ", " Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix " and " Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher ". Chojiro activates the first  effect  of the " Flower Cardian Pine with Crane " in his hand, allowing him to Special Summon it (2000/2000) by  Tributing  "Pine". He then activates the second effect of "Pine with Crane", allowing him to  draw  a card. He then repeats this process three times, Special Summoning, all in Attack Position, "Zebra Grass with Moon" (2000/2000) by Tributing "Zebra Grass", "Paulownia with Phoenix" (2000/2000) by Tributing "Paulownia" and "Willow with Calligrapher" (2000/2000) by Tributing "Willow". With the effect of "Willow with Calligrapher", Chojiro draws " Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain ", which is  sent  to the  Graveyard  via the effect of "Willow with Calligrapher" since Chojiro does not meet the requirements to Special Summon it.  He activates the effect of "Willow with Calligrapher", treating all  Synchro Materials  as  Level  2 for a  Synchro Summon  ("Willow with Calligrapher":   11 → 2, "Paulownia with Phoenix":   12 → 2, "Zebra Grass with Moon":   8 → 2, "Pine with Crane":   1 → 2). He  tunes  his Level 2 "Paulownia with Phoenix", "Zebra Grass with Moon" and "Pine with Crane" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Willow with Calligrapher" to Synchro Summon " Flower Cardian Lightshower " (3000/3000) in Attack Position. Chojiro  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
The effect of "Lightshower" activates, inflicting 1500  damage  to  Yuya  whenever he draws a card (Yuya: 4000 → 2500 LP). Yuya activates " Performapal Bit Bite Turtle " (   3) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000), " Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper " (100/1200) and " Performapal Sellshell Crab " (500/2500) from his hand, all in Attack Position. As Yuya Special Summoned monsters from his hand, Chojiro activates his  face-down  " Fraud Freeze ",  returning  all of those monsters to his hand.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Bit Bite Turtle 
 Performapal Sellshell Crab 
 Timegazer Magician 
 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Cherry Blossom with Curtain 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia 
 Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix 
 Flower Cardian Pine 
 Flower Cardian Pine with Crane 
 Flower Cardian Willow 
 Flower Cardian Zebra Grass 
 Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Flower Cardian Lightshower Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flower Gathering 
 Flower Stacking 
 Traps 
 Fraud Freeze 
 
 Others (incomplete) Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Cockadoodledoo 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Masked Chameleon 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Uni-Zombie Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ally of Justice Light Gazer 
 Ancient Flamvell Deity 
 Angel of Zera 
 Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing 
 Chaofeng, Phantom of the Yang Zing 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier 
 Dragunity Knight - Gae Bulg 
 Dragunity Knight - Vajrayana 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Mist Wurm 
 Naturia Barkion 
 Powered Inzektron 
 Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth 
 Windmill Genex 
 Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 Traps 
 Miraculous Descent 
 
 Flashback Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Stone Excavation 
 Traps 
 Negate Attack 
 Trivia 
 This episode's title is a play on the phrase "地獄の沙汰も金次第" ( Jigoku no sata mo kin shidai ), a Japanese equivalent of the phrase "No penny, no pardon" The title of the official subtitled version is "Even In Hell, Cards Determine Your Fate". 
 A Facility guard is playing what appears to be  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers  on his handheld system, despite the fact that said game was only released for the  Wii  years prior. The dub retains this scene, making it a rare instance of product placement on a children's program. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Confrontation au complexe
 
 
  German 
 Showdown in the Slammer
 
 
  Italian 
 Scontro in cella
 
 
  Thai 
 ความเป็นไปในนรกขึ้นอยู่กับการ์ด
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/ArcV_060.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150614120320', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/DrivingToFacility.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306110201', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/GongHugsYuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306110453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/ShaySolitary.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306110831', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Underserved.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306110957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/GongAdmitsCardCurrency.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306111229', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Tokumatsu%27s_Cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150614135541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/ChojiroAndCardians.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306111421', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Yuya_VS_Chojiro.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150614145659', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes