Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Altergeist_Marionetter


 Altergeist Marionetter 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 In  episode 14 ,  Ghost Gal  uses this card during her  Speed Duel  against  Playmaker . She Normal Summons this card on the first turn, and uses its effect to set " Altergeist Protocol " directly from her Deck. On Playmaker's turn, when his " Cyberse Wizard " attacks this card, Ghost Gal Special Summons " Altergeist Kunquery " to negate the attack. On Ghost Gal's next turn, she Normal Summons another copy of this card and uses its effect to set " Altergeist Camouflage " directly from her Deck. She then links the two copies of this card with "Kunquery" to  Link Summon  " Altergeist Primebanshee ". Ghost Gal activates her face-down " Altergeist Manifestation " to revive a copy of this card. She then activates "Protocol", before using this card's other effect to send "Protocol" to the Graveyard and revive the other copy of this card. Then, using the effect of "Primebanshee", Ghost Gal  Tributes  one copy of this card to Special Summon " Altergeist Meluseek " from her Deck. The other copy of this card attacks Playmaker directly. In the  following episode , Ghost Gal activates a second "Protocol", and uses its effect to send the remaining copy of this card to the Graveyard in order to negate the effect of Playmaker's " Backlinker ". 
 In  episode 30 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her Speed Duel against  Varis . She Normal Summons this card on the first turn, and uses its effect to set "Altergeist Manifestation" directly from her Deck. In the  following episode , when Varis' " Topologic Bomber Dragon " attacks this card, Ghost Gal Special Summons "Altergeist Kunquery" to negate the attack. On Ghost Gal's next turn, she links this card with  Link-2  " Altergeist Kidolga " to Link Summon "Altergeist Primebanshee". When "Primebanshee" is destroyed, its effect lets Ghost Gal return this card to her hand. 
 In  episode 60 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her  Master Duel  against  Brave Battler . She Special Summons this card from her Deck via the effect of " Altergeist Multifaker ". On Ghost Gal's turn, she Link Summons " Altergeist Hexstia " such that it  points to  this card; therefore "Hexstia" gains 1600 ATK through its effect. 
 In  episode 77 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her Speed Duel against  The Shepherd . She Normal Summons this card on her turn, and uses its effect to set " Altergeist Haunted Rock " directly from her Deck. Ghost Gal then uses this card's other effect to send "Haunted Rock" to the Graveyard to revive " Altergeist Fifinellag ". She then tunes this card with "Fifinellag" to  Synchro Summon  " Altergeist Dragvirion ". 
 In  episode 106 , Ghost Gal uses this card during her  Tag-Team Speed Duel  with The Shepherd against  Roboppi . She Normal Summons this card on her turn, and uses its effect to set "Altergeist Haunted Rock" directly from her Deck. Ghost Gal then links this card with "Altergeist Multifaker" to Link Summon "Altergeist Hexstia". In the  following episode , Ghost Gal uses her "Secret Cure"  Skill  to excavate from the top of her deck until she finds a monster; she excavates a second copy of this card and adds it to her hand; both Ghost Gal/Shepherd and Roboppi gain 1600 LP. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances