Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Anzu_Mazaki_(manga)


 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Anzu Mazaki 
 
 
 Other   
 Téa Gardner 
 
 
 Japanese   
 真崎杏子 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 August 18  [1] 
 
 
 Height 
 165 cm [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 47 kg [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Ramen [1] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Grated yam [1] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Waitress Theme park guide 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Burger World Kaiba Land 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 
 
 Anzu Mazaki , known as  Téa Gardner  in the English version of  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of Anzu Mazaki, known as  Téa Gardner  in most English media, as created by  Kazuki Takahashi .
 Anzu is a childhood best friend of  Yugi Mutou  and often accompanies him on his adventures. She is interested in dancing and wants to study abroad after leaving school. At the beginning of the series she develops a crush on  Dark Yugi  and becomes obsessed with finding out his identity, having been saved by him while she was blindfolded.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Elementary school 
 1.2   High school 
 1.3   Death-T 
 1.4   Post Death-T 
 1.5   Monster World 
 1.6   Duelist Kingdom 
 
 1.6.1   Prior events 
 1.6.2   Preliminaries 
 1.6.3   Finals 
 
 
 1.7   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 1.8   Battle City 
 
 1.8.1   Prior events 
 1.8.2   Preliminaries 
 1.8.3   Battle Ship 
 1.8.4   Duel Tower 
 
 
 1.9   Project R.A. 
 1.10   World of Memories 
 
 1.10.1   Mind Labyrinth 
 1.10.2   Shadow RPG 
 
 1.10.2.1   Ka  hunt 
 1.10.2.2   Battle with Thief Bakura 
 1.10.2.3   Pharaoh's tomb 
 1.10.2.4   Battle with Zorc 
 1.10.2.5   Aftermath 
 
 
 
 
 1.11   Ceremonial Battle 
 1.12   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 2   Games 
 3   Notes 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Elementary school 
 Anzu first met  Yugi  in elementary school. He gave her a handheld game, which she got engrossed in. However after spending a lot of time playing it, she did not get any better and smashed the game out of frustration. Yugi laughed at the ordeal and brought her an easier game the next day. [2] 
 
 High school 
       Anzu at the beginning of the manga.     
 One lunchtime, after becoming fed-up playing basketball with the boys, who were trying to look up the girls' skirts, Anzu returned to her classroom. Here she caught Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle  box that  Jonouchi  and  Honda  were throwing around and told them off for bullying him. After they left, Yugi told Anzu that he had been working on the Millennium Puzzle for eight years and that it was a memento of  his grandfather . Anzu went to  Yugi's house  after school. She was surprised to find his grandfather was actually alive and put off when he commented on her bust size. [3] 
 After Yugi became friends with Jonouchi, Anzu started to spend time with Jonouchi too. When a  ZTV  van arrived at their school, she argued with Jonouchi for spreading rumors of there being a star at their school and his choice to make money selling pictures of them. [4]  When Honda and Jonouchi lifted her skirt with a t-square, she punched Jonouchi in the face. [5] 
 
       Anzu working at  Burger World .     
 Going against school rules, Anzu secretly got a part-time job at  Burger World  to earn money to attend a dance school in New York. Yugi and Jonouchi noted suspicious behavior on her behalf, which Jonouchi suspected was a result of her dating older men for pay. They followed her to Burger World after school one day. There Anzu served them burgers, but squirted a message onto the burgers, in ketchup, warning them not to tell. [6] 
 An escaped convict  entered the restaurant and took Anzu hostage. While she was blindfolded, Yugi was forced to serve the convict a drink and  Lucky Stripe  cigarettes.  Dark Yugi  took control and played  one finger BATTLE!  with the convict. To Anzu, his voice sounded like Yugi's, but he was much too confident and dangerous to be Yugi. Dark Yugi defeated the convict and saved Anzu. Not knowing who her rescuer was, Anzu developed a crush on him and wanted to find out his identity. [6] 
 
       Kokurano  knocks Anzu out.     
 The alleged psychic  Kokurano  tried to seduce Anzu, by reading her future telling her how she would meet a wonderful man, who would reveal himself to her and she would swoon before him in love. Anzu hoped that this would be the man who saved her at Burger World. However, Kokurano tried to make himself the man from the prediction and caused Anzu to swoon, by knocking her out with a bottle of chloroform. Dark Yugi learned how Kokurano was in the habit of making his predictions come true and rushed to Anzu's rescue. Using the bottle, Dark Yugi defeated him in  Paper Crash! . [7] 
 Anzu was class representative as her class prepared for the  school festival . She took suggestions from other students as to what they should do and decided to go with Yugi's  Carnival Games  idea. She managed to win the most popular spot at the festival in a lottery. As they built the booth, she assigned Jonouchi the role of playing Bluebeard in their life-size  Pop-up Pirate , despite his wishes.  Goro Inogashira  tried to steal the spot for his class and tore down the Carnival Games booth. When Yugi saw Anzu cry over this, he changed to Dark Yugi and won the spot back in a  Shadow Game ,  Griddle Ice Hockey , against Goro. [8] 
 Yugi and  Sugoroku  introduced Anzu to  Duel Monsters  at the  Kame Game  shop. [9] 
 When Jonouchi mysteriously missed a day of school, Anzu admitted that it was lonely without him and helped Honda and Yugi look for him later. They later spotted him with  Hirutani's gang  attacking someone outside the  American Club . After Jonouchi denied knowing Yugi and didn't react when  one of the gangsters  punched Yugi, Anzu told Jonouchi that he was the worst. Anzu tended to Yugi's injury later, while Honda told them about Jonouchi's past with  Hirutani . The three agreed that Jonouchi wasn't back with Hirutani by choice and went after the gang. They spotted a member and Honda interrogated him into telling them that Hirutani forced Jonouchi to rejoin the gang by threatening to beat-up everyone in his class. The trio split-up to search for Jonouchi after finding out there had been a fight among the gang. Anzu and Honda later caught with Jonouchi after he had been rescued from the gang by Dark Yugi. [10] [11] 
 Yugi invited Anzu, Jonouchi and Honda to  The Art of Egypt  exhibition in  Domino City Museum . Anzu worried Jonouchi, who was fearful of curses, by pointing out that Yugi's Millennium Puzzle, which was also from Egypt was said to be cursed as the archaeologists who uncovered it died mysterious deaths, according to Yugi's grandfather. At the exhibition, Anzu and her friends were shown around by  Professor Yoshimori , who told them about the  Weighing of the Heart  after Anzu took interest in papyrus depicting it. [12] 
 
         Anzu's  soul room .     
 Yoshimori's friend  Curator Kanekura  died a sudden suspicious death on the day of the exhibition, [13]  leading Anzu and Jonouchi to accompany Yugi and his grandfather as they visited Yoshimori to cheer him up. [14]   Shadi , the man responsible for Kanekura's death was also looking to punish Yoshimori for taking treasures from the pharaoh's tomb. However seeking to challenge Dark Yugi, he "redecorated" Yoshimori's  soul room  and had him attack Yugi's friends. [14]  Anzu stopped Yoshimori from choking Jonouchi by walloping him in the head with a globe. Shadi entered Anzu's soul room in an attempt to coax Dark Yugi into taking control of Yugi. Inside he saw items that represented Anzu's dream of becoming a dancer in New York and a photo of a hero, whose face was blank. Shadi redecorated her soul to use her in a Shadow Game against Dark Yugi. [15] 
 
         Anzu on the bridge.     
 Anzu was suspended on a bridge of life supported by three  ushebti , which break when a weakness is detected in Yugi's heart. A fourth ushebti, which breaks when a weakness is detected in Shadi's heart, held the  Millennium Key . Yugi's ushetbi breaking would result in Anzu being sent to her death, while breaking Shadi's would slide the Millennium Key to Anzu and return her to normal. [16] 
 Dark Yugi passed a series of tests Shadi threw at him, although he let three ushebti break in the process. The rope from the fourth began to break, but Jonouchi appeared under the bridge and held it up. From Jonouchi's action and how Dark Yugi passed the last test, Shadi was surprised by how the friends help and support each other, causing his ushetbi to break and return Anzu to normal. Yugi and Jonouchi helped Anzu back onto the building, after which Anzu and Jonouchi noticed Yugi had been acting different, but Dark Yugi relinquished control to Yugi when they approached him about this. [17] 
 When  Digital Pets  became popular, Anzu got one which she called  Peachy . She also lectured  Kujirada  on how he shouldn't disrespect other people's Digital Pets because they aren't a hidden character, like  his . Peachy later fells victim to Kujirada's pet after Kujirada swiped it from Anzu to feed it to his. [18] 
 
 Death-T 
 Anzu was fired from Burger World after she punched a customer who touched her on the rump. She then got a job at  Kaiba Land , where she had to work at the  Stardust Shootout . While working here, she met Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Honda's baby nephew,  Johji , during  Death-T  and learned how  Seto Kaiba  was trying to kill Yugi in his theme park. [19] 
 
         Johji  acting perverse towards Anzu.     
 Honda got Anzu to mind Johji, who disliked the boys, but admired Anzu (in a perverted sense). [19]  Since Kaiba rigged the game, Yugi and his friends' laser guns were duds. The staff was unaware that Anzu was their friend, so she had been given a functional gun. Using her gun and hiding Johji on his back, Honda was able to take out the remaining opposition. In exchange for Johji's help, Honda had promised him a bath with Anzu, which she outright refused. [20] 
 
         Anzu comes close to screaming on the  Electric Chair Ride .     
 Anzu and her friends enter the  Horror Zone  for  Death T-2 . Here they were greeted by  Kaiba's butler , who took them to the  Electric Chair Ride , which was to take them to the  Murderer's Mansion . Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda, and the butler were strapped into electric chairs on the ride, while Johji sat on Anzu's lap. The butler controlled a series of terrors along the ride aimed at making the riders scream and if anyone screamed they would be electrocuted to death. At one part of the ride, mechanical hands came out of Anzu's chair and groped her body, bringing her close to screaming. Seeing the danger Anzu was in, Johji got off her lap, crawled back to the butler, and defecated his lap, causing him to scream and get electrocuted. With the butler unable to control more terrors, the group arrived at the mansion safely. [21] 
 Inside the Murderer's Mansion, as the group searched for an exit, they were greeted by a projection of Kaiba. He warned them that the serial killer, the  Chopman , was in the mansion and pointed them to four holes in a wall. He explained that each hole had a button at the opposite side and in order to escape they would have to put their hands in the holes and press the right switch. Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda did so but then had their hands strapped in place and were shown that they were now strapped to a guillotine, whose blade would drop after five minutes or if the wrong button was pressed. Yugi managed to solve the  bllood puzzle  just in time and told Anzu to press her button, freeing their hands. [22] 
 Before the group exited the mansion, Johji was taken captive by the Chopman, but Jonouchi saved him and the group moved on to  Death T-3 . [23] 
 
         Anzu draws a  symbol of friendship  on her and her friends' hands.     
 The gang entered  an empty room . As nothing happened for a while, Anzu, Yugi, Honda, and Jonouchi reflected on how their lives had changed by meeting each other. Anzu asked them to hold out their hands as she drew a  symbol of friendship , in the form of a smiley face, on them. If they ended up taking separate paths in life, Anzu told them to remember the symbol and they would remember being friends. [24] 
 When the stage's game,  Rhythm Rock , started a number of blocks began to fall from the ceiling. Having studied dance patterns, Anzu noticed a rhythm to how the blocks were falling. With this, she was able to predict where the next blocks were about to fall and warn the others. As the room filled up with blocks, the gang climbed up on top of them and passed Johji, who had fallen asleep around. Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Johji made it out through a hole in the wall high above the ground, but Honda got trapped in and was left behind. [24] 
 
         Jonouchi  and Anzu knowingly see  Dark Yugi  for the first time.     
 Upset over what happened to Honda, Yugi admitted to Anzu and Jonouchi that he thought there was  another Yugi  inside him; Ever since he solved the Millennium Puzzle, there had been times when he blacked out and the other him took over. He had been afraid to tell his friends, as he feared they might leave him if they knew. However, Anzu and Jonouchi promised that they would always be friends with Yugi. [25] 
 
         Dark Yugi thinks of Jonouchi,  Honda  and Anzu, during his Duel.     
 Anzu knowingly saw  Dark Yugi  for the first time, as he prepared to face  Mokuba  in a game of  Capsule Monster Chess  in  Death T-4 . Jonouchi and Anzu were held there at gunpoint, during this stage. [25]  After Dark Yugi won, they were taken to the  Dome Duel Arena  to watch him face Kaiba in a game of  Duel Monsters  in  Death T-5 . [26]  During the Duel, Dark Yugi grew afraid that was going to lose, but then remembered the  symbol of friendship  that Anzu had drawn. He imagined his friends being with him and was able to overcome his fear. [27]  As Anzu celebrated Dark Yugi's win, she wondered which Yugi she should be thinking won, but decided it did not matter and that Yugi is no longer the scared little boy he once was. Anzu, Jonouchi and Johji were still held at gunpoint, until Honda showed up and saved them with the help of Mokuba. [28] 
 Before Mokuba left, Anzu asked him why Kaiba had planned this elaborate revenge, and he told her how Kaiba had changed since they were adopted by  Gozaburo Kaiba . [28] 
 
 
 Post Death-T 
         Anzu shyly gives Dark Yugi her  Lovely Two .     
 After Anzu became aware of Dark Yugi's existence, she gave a  Lovely Two  love compatibility tester, to Yugi. Initially, it got no reading, suggesting that they were not romantically compatible. That day, the teacher  Tsuruoka  confiscated Yugi's Lovely Two and called Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda unskilled slackers. Dark Yugi emerged and disagreed that they have skills, arguing that he had never lost a game. Tsuruoka then imposed a game,  Find the Keyring! , where he hid the Lovely Two somewhere in the school and gave Yugi and his friends one hour to find it or face expulsion. Anzu became bashful, seeing the Dark Yugi out, but handed him her love tester, thinking it might be of some use. Dark Yugi brought her tester into close proximity of where he thought Yugi's was hidden and switched it on. Anzu closed her eyes and begged the Lovely Two to react. This time it worked. The noise it made, exposed the location of Yugi's tester; under Tsuruoka's wig. [29] 
 Anzu, Yugi and Honda sat in the studio audience when Jonouchi took part in the TV game show,  The Get the Million Game . [30] 
 
         Yugi stares at Anzu in her bikini.     
 During the summer vacation, Anzu invited Yugi to come to  Domino Park . On the way, she was frustrated by Yugi being more interested in a newspaper than her. As they entered the park, Yugi tried asking Anzu if they were on a date, but was interrupted by the ticket attendant, who mistook him as being grade school age. Anzu suggested that they first go to the pool. They went down a water slide together and Yugi blushed at the sight of her in a bikini. While sunbathing, Anzu looked at Yugi and thought he had changed into Dark Yugi. However as he chased after a boy who squirted him with a water gun, she realized that it was just her imagination, as the regular Yugi behaved like a child. As she wondered what she could do to make Dark Yugi appear, a boy tried hitting on her. Anzu then decided that Dark Yugi might appear if she made it look like she was in danger. So screamed for help, accusing the boy who was hitting on her of being a pervert. However, a bunch of boys came over and started punching him before Yugi arrived. Anzu then grabbed Yugi's wrist and fled the scene. [31] 
 
         Anzu suggests that she and Dark Yugi get back to their "date".     
 Yugi and Anzu rode the roller coaster together and as they thought about what to ride next, they noticed the police were present. An evacuation of the park was ordered after a bomb scare. Anzu saw this as a chance to make Dark Yugi appear. She got separated from him in the crowd on the Ferris wheel, not knowing that  the bomber  had planted bombs in each car on it. Dark Yugi emerged and aided the police by playing a game of  clock solitaire  that the bomber had set up to determine which bombs would go off. Dark Yugi managed to end the game before any of the bombs in cars containing people were detonated. When Anzu got off the ride, she took Dark Yugi's arm and suggested that they get back to their date. [31] 
 Sugoroku  was showing the ancient Egyptian game,  dogs and jackals  to Anzu, Yugi and Jonouchi when  Imori  arrived at  the store  to inquire about  a jar  and the box he had found sealed-up. Sugoroku explained that the Chinese game  Dragon Cards  was inside and warned not to break the seal, as it would cause yin and yang to clash, creating a warped power. Anzu confessed that hearing that made her want to break the seal. [32] 
 
 
 Monster World 
         Anzu's miniature .     
 Anzu, along with Yugi, Honda and Jonouchi befriended  Ryo Bakura  the day he transferred to  Domino High School . She learned about the tabletop role-playing game  Monster World  from Bakura and Yugi. Jonouchi then suggested that they all play  Monster World  the next day. However after school, Bakura warned them that people who have played games with him have mysteriously wound up in comas, so he advised against them playing with him. Bakura did not attend school the next day, so suspecting he was upset, Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, and Honda went to  his apartment  to cheer him up. They hoped to play  Monster World  to prove that the coma incidents were just a coincidence. Unbeknownst to them, Bakura became possessed by  Dark Bakura , who was happy to play with them and secretly turned  the game  into a  Shadow Game . [33] 
 Dark Bakura explained more of the rules to  Monster World  and helped the others create their character miniatures.  Anzu's avatar  was an elf magician, similar in appearance to her. She, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda played the adventurers in the game, while Dark Bakura played the  Dark Master . [34] 
 The adventurers quickly discovered that he had little idea what to do in the game, so Anzu suggested that they go to  the village  to get information. Anzu was curious about how it sounded like the villagers were really talking and asked if there was a speaker in the diorama, but Yugi theorized that Bakura was throwing his voice. She became even more curious when  Karita 's miniature seemed to speak. The adventurers learned from the village that the area had been taken over and terrorized by the  Dark Lord, Zorc . Deciding to try and defeat Zorc, they were given directions to  his castle  and advised to stay out of the  forest . [34] 
 
         Anzu's miniature destroys three monsters, after rolling a super critical.     
 Outside the village, the adventurers encountered Zorc disguised as a man, lying motionless on the ground. Not knowing who he was, Anzu felt sorry for him and suggested that they help him. Zorc acted afraid and claimed to have been attacked in the forest by monsters, who stole the holy sword, capable of defeating Zorc, that he had been delivering to the village hero. As the group contemplated helping him retrieve the sword, Anzu reminded them that they had been told to stay out of the village. The group finally decided to help him, but on entering the forest discovered that the rate of random enemy encounters had gone up to 80%. [35] 
 
         Anzu awakens in her miniature.     
 Dark Bakura needed to roll below 20 for the group to encounter monsters. With lower rolls resulting in stronger monsters, the 05 caused five-strong monsters to appear before them. Honda defeated  Beega , Yugi tamed  Pokii  and Anzu rolled a 00, which was a supercritical hit, allowing her to use top-level magic and destroy the three remaining monsters at once. [35] 
 Zorc transformed into his true form and revealed that he had deceived the adventurers. Dark Bakura rolled a supercritical for Zorc, allowing him to use his "Mind Doll" ability to seal Anzu's soul in her miniature. [35]  In the next round of turns, Jonouchi, Honda and Yugi each became sealed in their miniatures too, leaving  Dark Yugi  to roll for the four of them. [36] 
 Dark Yugi got Honda to shoot off Zorc's left hand, which mutated into monsters. Zorc retreated to  his castle , while his offspring battled the adventurers. [37]  After the battle, the adventurers followed Zorc to his castle, where they quickly got trapped inside a tower, with the ceiling dropped on their heads. In order to escape the needed to complete a support pillar before their bodies shattered under the pressure. Zorc also attacked the adventurers while they were defenseless. Dark Yugi managed to complete the pillar in time for the adventurers to dodge a second attack from Zorc. [38] 
 
         Anzu heals the party.     
 Having caught Zorc off guard, the adventurers won initiative. By channeling their anger into the dice, Dark Yugi rolled low numbers, allowing the adventurers to use powerful attacks. However, due to Zorc's high level, this had little effect on him. Dark Bakura rolled a supercritical using  brainwashed dice . Zorc then attacked the adventurers with an attack that should reduce their HP to 0. However, Ryo Bakura, who had taken control of Dark Bakura's left hand after Zorc's amputation, recalculated the damage, so that the adventurers each had 1 HP. [39] 
 On Anzu's next turn, she healed the party. Dark Bakura claimed it did not matter, as Zorc's next attack would still destroy them. However, Bakura took his next roll, causing him to roll a fumble, making Zorc's attack backfire. Dark Bakura's reaction led Anzu and her friends to believe he was not the Bakura they had befriended earlier. Yugi then extracted that Bakura's avatar, the  White Wizard Bakura  from Zorc's wounded wrist. [40] 
 
         Anzu defeats  Zorc .     
 Wizard Bakura aided the party in battling Zorc. When the party were on low HP, he advised Anzu against healing them again, insisting it would not be enough and they needed to defeat Zorc quickly. [41]  Anzu and Last Zorc tied for the initiative on the final turn. Dark Yugi and Dark Bakura both rolled super criticals, but Bakura managed to destroy Dark Bakura's dice, letting Anzu attack and defeat Zorc. [42] 
 After the game, Anzu and her friends were returned to normal. [42] 
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Prior events 
         Anzu  Dueling  Jonouchi.     
 Anzu took up playing  Duel Monsters  and  defeated   Jonouchi  in a Duel at school. Later that day, the two of them went to  Yugi 's  house  to watch  the final  of the  Japanese National Duel Monsters Championship . Afterward, they watched a  videotape ,  Maximillion J. Pegasus  sent Yugi. [43] 
 Pegasus was able to  Duel   Dark Yugi  from the tape, despite claiming to be a prerecording. Dark Yugi suspected Pegasus was using  subliminal messaging  to tell him what cards to play, so he checked to see if Anzu, Jonouchi and  Sugoroku  were affected too, by asking them to guess what card he played. Anzu and Suguroku both guessed something skeleton-like, which was what Dark Yugi's instinct had told him. [44]  When Dark Yugi lost the Duel, Anzu witnessed Suguroku's soul being sucked from his body into the videotape. [45] 
 At school the next day, Anzu, Yugi and Jonouchi told  Honda  and  Bakura  what Pegasus had done. From their conversation, she was alarmed to learn that Bakura still carried the  Millennium Ring  around in his bag. After school, the group went to  Yugi's house  to watch  a videotape , Jonouchi had been mailed. Before watching it, Yugi showed them the invitation to the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, he had received in the mail from Pegasus. They feared Jonouchi's tape was sent by Pegasus, but it turned out to be the self-recording of Jonouchi's sister,  Shizuka Kawai . Anzu was previously unaware that Jonouchi had a sister, and sympathized on learning that she was going blind. [46] 
 
         Anzu, annoyed by  Mai  teasing Yugi.     
 Yugi and Jonouchi both entered the Duelist Kingdom tournament, to save Sugoroku and use the prize money to fund an eye operation for Shizuka. They were accompanied by Anzu, Honda, and Bakura. At  Domino Pier , Anzu was disgusted by  Mai Kujaku , who patronized Yugi, yet easily won the approval of Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda, who were charmed by her femininity. On  the boat ride , Anzu spent the night on the common room floor, with her companions. [47] 
 
 Preliminaries 
 When the ship arrived at the  Duelist Kingdom island , Anzu, Honda, and Bakura stuck with Yugi and Jonouchi, despite not being contestants in the tournament. The group watched Dark Yugi  Duel [48]  and defeat  Insector Haga . [49]  During the Duel, Mai's analysis greatly annoyed Anzu. Mai also mocked Yugi's friends cheering, saying it made no difference, despite Anzu's claims that Dark Yugi would hear their feelings and win. [50] 
 
         Mai challenges Anzu to get her cheering to help Jonouchi win.     
 Jonouchi was later challenged to  a Duel  by Mai. Knowing that Mai was a more skilled player, Anzu tried to talk Jonouchi out of accepting and pleaded with Dark Yugi to do the same. However, Jonouchi and Dark Yugi both thought he should accept. [51]  Mai dominated the first few turns of the Duel and challenged Anzu to prove what she said earlier about helping a Duelist win by letting them hear their friends feelings. She said that that kind of thing was useless and Duelists could only trust themselves. Anzu began to sob in frustration. However, Dark Yugi reminding Jonouchi of the " something you can show, but can't see " riddle, led to Jonouchi discovering Mai's  Aroma Tactics , which was shortly followed by his victory. [52] 
 As Anzu and her friends got hungry, Jonouchi blamed Anzu, saying she should have prepared food, since she's the girl. Anzu warned him about being sexist and called Pegasus cheap for not supplying food. Jonouchi found fish left unattended by a campfire and proceeded to take it, despite Anzu's objection that he was stealing. Regardless, Anzu and the others sat with him to eat the fish. They were told off by the owner of the fish,  Ryota Kajiki , who unbeknownst to them had left the fish as bait for Duelists. Kajiki shared the food with them and told them how he had entered the tournament to buy a new boat. He  Dueled [53]  and lost to Dark Yugi afterwards. [54]  The group held no hard feelings towards Kajiki and Anzu guessed that all the participants came to the island with hopes and dreams. [55] 
 
         Jonouchi and Anzu's attempts to get through to Mokuba.     
 Anzu and her friends stumbled upon  a participant  being forced to leave the island by  Saruwatari  for losing all his  Star Chips , despite his claim that they were stolen. The group searched for the thief in a futile attempt to help the victim. After the victim had been evicted, they met the thief,  Mokuba Kaiba , who then tried to steal Yugi's Star Chips. [55]  In contrast to Jonouchi, Anzu spoke politely to Mokuba and got him to explain how Pegasus needed to defeat Yugi in an official Duel as part of  a plan  to take over  KaibaCorp . He thought that stealing Yugi's Star Chips would get him disqualified before Pegasus could defeat him. Mokuba explained that  Seto Kaiba  had good intentions, despite what he did during  Death-T . Anzu told Mokuba that she believed him and asked him to believe in Yugi when he said he could defeat Pegasus. Mokuba reluctantly agreed and was about to return the two Star Chips he managed to take before Saruwatari appeared and forbid the transaction. [56] 
 During  the Duel  between Dark Yugi and the  Ventriloquist of the Dead , Anzu correctly noted how Kaiba's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " seemed to refuse to attack, but Jonouchi told her she was being unintelligent. Before the Duel ended, Saruwatari kidnapped Mokuba without Anzu or her friends noticing. [57] 
 
         Anzu celebrates Jonouchi's victory and catches Mai doing the same.     
 Anzu liked how it felt to have the other competitors afraid of Dark Yugi's presence, as Jonouchi struggled to find an opponent. Eventually, they were approached by Mai, who had arranged for  Dinosaur Ryuzaki  to Duel Jonouchi. Anzu was annoyed by Mai constantly targeting Jonouchi and was surprised by Jonouchi's decision to Duel without help from Dark Yugi. [58]  Jonouchi was easily overpowered by Ryuzaki initially, prompting Anzu to plead with Yugi to help him, as Shizuka would go blind if he lost. However, Dark Yugi convinced Yugi that they should not interfere. [59]  As Mai belittled Jonouchi, Anzu reminded her that he had beaten her, but Mai said that he cheated, as anyone could win if Yugi helped them. The two girls then exchanged intense glares. When Jonouchi won, Mai accidentally cheered for him and let out an "oops" as Anzu spotted her. [60] 
 
         Mai accuses Anzu of having a crush on Yugi.     
 During the night, Anzu and her friends found a spot in the forest to sleep, without anything to eat, contrary to Anzu's expectations of the island being a resort. They were soon approached by Mai, who proposed  a ceasefire  for the night and shared her supplies. As Mai ordered the boys to prepare the food, she noticed how Yugi was a completely different person than earlier, when he had been controlled by Dark Yugi. Anzu pointed out that this was similar to Mai's behavior shift and asked why she was suddenly being nice. Although Mai was unsure what changed her, she lied that it was because she was a woman and her Duelist makeup does not last 24 hours. As Mai allowed Anzu to use her portable shower, Anzu thought about how she had misjudged Mai and wondered if all Duelists had two sides to them. While the group ate their food, Mai explained that despite their current friendship, they would become enemies the following day. [2] 
 
         Anzu holds Yugi's hand.     
 Mai suggested that Anzu stay with her in the tent that night, as she had heard rumors about a strange man lurking in the area. Mai told Anzu about her past as a casino dealer and accused Anzu of having a crush on Yugi. Anzu blushed and tried to deny it, but Mai was unconvinced. Mai had previously told Yugi that Anzu wanted to meet him at the cliff to tell him something. She told Anzu and sent her to the cliff, advising her that in any game, girls always have the advantage at night. Anzu spoke with Yugi about when they first met. Yugi got the impression that Anzu wanted to be with Dark Yugi and prepared to switch control. However, Anzu stopped him and said it was okay; he was still Yugi regardless of which "side" is showing and was fine the way he is. The two held hands for a brief moment, before being interrupted by the sound of Mai screaming. [2] 
 Anzu and Yugi rushed to a  Battle Box , where Mai had just been  defeated  by the  Player Killer of Darkness . Yugi switched to Dark Yugi [2]  and Anzu and Mai watched him  defeat  the Player Killer, [61]  winning back Mai's Star Chips. When Mai initially refused to take back the Star Chips and prepared to accept disqualification, Anzu reminded her that she would lose her chance to fulfill her dream of Dueling Yugi. [62] 
 Anzu and her friends were woken during the night by the sound of Kaiba's helicopter landing on the island. Anzu was surprised to see Kaiba out of his coma and watched him  Duel  Jonouchi, who was mad about what Kaiba had done during Death-T. [63]  When Kaiba defeated and mocked Jonouchi, Anzu told him off, saying that he was in no position to judge, as he did not know what Jonouchi had been through or what he was fighting for. She comforted Yugi, who felt betrayed, having believed Kaiba had changed. [64] 
 At some point, Anzu told Mai about Jonouchi participating to save Shizuka's eyesight. [65] 
 When Anzu woke up the next morning, Mai had already left and left behind supplies for Anzu and her friends. [66] 
 Jonouchi got separated from the group and was forced into  a Duel  with  Ghost Kozuka . [66]  Anzu and Yugi searched the forest for Jonouchi, while Bakura and Honda searched the Battle Boxes, [67] , until Dark Yugi saw a vision of Jonouchi underground. [68]  The group found Jonouchi in a cave and congratulated him on winning the Duel. [69]  Before they managed to leave,  Bandit Keith  got Kozuka,  Takaido [Note 1]  and  Satake . [Note 1]  to block the exit with a boulder. [70] 
 Anzu and her friends found their way to the  Meikyû Brothers '  dungeon , where Dark Yugi and Jonouchi had to Team Duel against the brothers in order to leave the underground. [70]  Dark Yugi and Jonouchi won, earning each of them enough Star Chips to enter the finals. However, they still needed to answer the brothers' riddle in order to exit or be trapped. Anzu, Jonouchi, Honda, and Bakura searched the area for clues. Dark Yugi, with help from  Dark Bakura , whom everyone believed to be Bakura, managed to correctly answer the riddle, allowing the group to return to the surface. [71] 
 
         Anzu tells Kaiba that he is wrong to think people's struggles are a game.     
 The exit from the dungeon took them to the front of  Pegasus Castle , where Kaiba stood waiting for Yugi at the entrance. [72]  Anzu unsuccessfully tried talking Dark Yugi out of accepting a Duel from Kaiba, as he could risk losing his spot in the finals. [73]  On the verge of defeat, Kaiba threatened to step over the edge of the tower if he lost. Dark Yugi tried to attack, but was stopped by Yugi, who threw the Duel. [74]  Yugi wept afterward, but Anzu tried to comfort him, saying he had done the right thing. When Kaiba accused Yugi of showing weakness, Anzu told him off and said that he had been the one who showed weakness by betting his life as if it had little meaning and being afraid to continue living if he lost. [75] 
 Anzu and her friends prepared to find an opponent for Yugi to requalify for the finals. Saruwatari warned them that it was too late, but Mai arrived with six excessive Star Chips, which she offered Yugi to repay him for winning back her Star Chips earlier. [75]  Anzu and the others encouraged Yugi to take them, although he was reluctant at first. Mai, Yugi, and Jonouchi entered the castle, but Saruwatari refused to let Anzu, Honda, and Bakura enter as they were not participants. However, Jonouchi knocked him unconscious and they all entered. [76] 
 Inside the castle, Anzu, her friends, and Keith watched  a Duel  between Kaiba and Pegasus, [76]  resulting in Kaiba's soul being sealed in a " Soul Prison " card. [77] 
 
 Finals 
 During  a dinner party , arranged for the finalists, Dark Yugi directed Anzu and their friends' attention to a portrait of  Shadi . [77]  Anzu told Bakura that she nearly died when they met Shadi before and told him about the  Millennium Key 's power. Anzu noticed the portrait of  Cyndia  next Shadi's and wondered who she was. [78] 
 
         Anzu takes care of Yugi.     
 During the night, Anzu came out of her room after she heard the commotion from Keith intruding on Jonouchi. She used a first aid kit to treat Yugi, who had been punched by Keith. Yugi admitted to her that he was embarrassed by always being helped by people, including her, Jonouchi, and Dark Yugi. He disagreed with what she had said earlier about him being fine the way he is, as he was unable to protect people that way and vowed to become stronger. [79] 
 In the morning, Anzu and Jonouchi watched  Dark Yugi and Mai's Duel . [80]  Anzu noticed how Dark Yugi seemed impatient during the Duel and noticed that Mai was not trying to provoke him, but get him to perform at his proper ability. [81]  As Mai overwhelmed Dark Yugi, Anzu thought that she seemed much stronger than when she Dueled Jonouchi, but Mai disagreed saying Jonouchi had won by accepting and overcoming his weakness. [82]  As Dark Yugi struggled with Mai's " Harpy Lady " and " Shadow of Eyes " pheromone combo, Anzu's comment on the harpies being sleazy caused him to reminded him that monsters of the same sex would be unaffected by the pheromones. [83]  She congratulated Dark Yugi when he won. [65] 
 Before  Jonouchi and Keith's Duel , Jonouchi was faced with disqualification unless he could find his " The Honor of the King's Right " in five minutes, not knowing Keith had stolen it. Anzu protested that he would not be able to make it to his room and back in that time. She also got mad at Keith for accusing Jonouchi of being afraid to Duel him. However Jonouchi returned after Mai gave him her card. [65]  After he won, Jonouchi thanked Anzu and Dark Yugi saying that he could not have done it without them. [84] 
 Anzu asked Dark Yugi and Jonouchi if they would have to Duel each other in the finals now, but Dark Yugi deemed it unnecessary as they would only expose more of their tactics to Pegasus. Honda and Bakura then showed up, having spent the night searching for Mokuba's soulless body. Anzu, Jonouchi, Bakura and Honda then watched  the Duel  between the Yugis and Pegasus. [84] 
 
         Bakura, Jonouchi, Yugi, Anzu and Honda block Pegasus'  Mind Scan .     
 The nature of the  Shadow Game  caused Yugi to collapse and Pegasus to state his soul had died. However Dark Yugi took over and Anzu explained to the others that Yugi had not died, which she figured because Yugi had told her before that as long as one of his souls lived the other would live too. No longer able to perform his  Mind Shuffle , Dark Yugi became vulnerable to Pegasus'  Mind Scannig  power. However, an apparition of Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura soon appeared, blocking Pegasus' view of Dark Yugi's mind. [85]  Yugi regained his consciousness at the end of the Duel and credited their success to Anzu and the others lending their hearts. [86] 
 When Pegasus released the souls of he had trapped, Anzu noticed Sugoroku disappear from the camcorder. As Pegasus told Dark Yugi and his friends how he came into possession of the Millennium Eye, he mentioned that the Millennium Items possess an evil intelligence. [86]  Anzu realized that that was difficult for Dark Yugi, who came from a Millennium Item, to hear. She theorized that he refrained from giving Pegasus a  Penalty Game  as he did not want to succumb to that claim. She and her friends visited Mokuba as he regained his soul. Anzu assured him that KaibaCorp was safe and as they searched for his brother, Kaiba, she told Jonouchi off for joking that his soul might have gone to Heaven. Once the brothers were reunited, Anzu realized that Mokuba was the final piece Kaiba needed to complete the  puzzle of his heart . She also wondered where Bakura had gone, no knowing Dark Bakura had taken control for the murder of Pegasus. After Bakura returned, Mokuba talked Kaiba into giving everyone a lift home on their helicopter. [87] 
 
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Anzu stopped by Yugi's house one morning and Yugi made sure that they went by the soon-to-be-opened  Black Clown  store on their way to school. Anzu became creeped out by  Mr. Clown , who tried giving her a balloon there and had to drag Yugi away so they would not be late. [88] 
 At school, Yugi and Anzu told Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura about the Black Clown. Jonouchi had already heard about it from a newspaper flier, which Anzu mistook as implying his family managing to afford a newspaper subscription when he had in fact delivered the paper. On the subject of his finances, Jonouchi told the others that  Shizuka 's vision was going to be fully restored thanks to the money won in  Duelist Kingdom . [88] 
 The group became distracted by their new classmate  Ryuji Otogi , who was impressing girls with dice tricks. Anzu noted Jonouchi's jealously and sighed as he bragged to Ryuji about his success in  Duel Monsters , shortly after saying he was not one to show off his talents. She watched Jonouchi become swindled into obeying Ryuji for two weeks only to have Dark Yugi win back his freedom, all through  dice in cup  and  Four Aces  bets. [88] [89] 
 The next day, Yugi, Anzu, and Bakura queued up for the grand opening of the Black Clown. When Jonouchi arrived late, she told him to go to the back of the line, but to no avail. Yugi asked his friends not to mention that he was shopping in a rival store and belittled Sugoroku's taste in gaming. The three of them, however, looked at him speechlessly as they could see Sugoroku behind him. Yugi got separated from the others inside the shop. Unbeknownst to them, he was forced into  a game  of  Dungeon Dice Monsters  against Ryuji. [90]  After they failed to get help in finding him from a security guard, Sugoroku suggested that they go back to Kame Game and wait for Yugi. [91] 
 Honda later met Anzu, Jonouchi, and Sugoroku at Kame Game and told them that he had seen  Dark Bakura  enter the Black Clown, which had closed for the day. Worried that something bad was happening, they went back to the store to look for Yugi again. [92]  Inside they found two security guards rendered unconscious. [93]  By the time they found Bakura, he was not possessed by Dark Bakura. He was with Ryuji outside a room that had caught fire after Mr. Clown dragged Yugi inside. [94]  The group forced open the door but were unable to convince Yugi to leave. The disassembled Millennium Puzzle had been chained to a table and he wanted to reassemble it, so he could speak to Dark Yugi before the puzzle got destroyed. Jonouchi got everyone else to leave, while Yugi finished the puzzle and he carried him out afterward. [95] 
 Anzu, Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura visited Yugi in  the hospital  when he recovered from his burns. Anzu reminded Yugi that he told her he made a wish the first time he solved the Millennium Puzzle and asked him what he wished for this time. Yugi had not thought about making a wish but had been desperate to see Dark Yugi again while he solved it, so he guessed that was his wish. Yugi said it was strange that he solved the puzzle within minutes when it took him eight hours the first time. Anzu suggested that the puzzle sensed he wanted to see Dark Yugi and said that she thinks if the puzzle had a mind it would want to see Yugi. She then realized that she had begun to believe Dark Yugi was not a side of Yugi that the Millennium Puzzle brought out, but a separate person who came from the puzzle. She worried about what would happen to Dark Yugi when if the Millennium Puzzle has to be brought to a place in Egypt. [96] 
 
 Battle City 
 Prior events 
         Anzu and Dark Yugi's date     
 At school,  Yugi  told Anzu that  Dark Yugi  had been feeling down, but would not talk about it. He suggested that Anzu go out with Dark Yugi on Sunday to cheer him up. In preparation, Anzu bought magazines with tourist information. The two met at  Domino Station  at 10:00, where Anzu was nervous at first. [97] 
 They first went to  a coffee shop  for drinks. Dark Yugi noted how they were both alike; not knowing where to go in life. Anzu assured him that everyone was like that and that they had to keep moving forward, despite being afraid and not seeing what is coming. She reminded him of her dream to become a dancer in America and how that moment was closer to becoming a reality. She noted that everyone has limited time and silently thought about how that meant Dark Yugi would leave them one day. Dark Yugi said he was certain her dream would become a reality. [97] 
 
         Anzu defeats  Step Johnny  in  Super Dancer .     
 Afterward, they went to the  RPG Hobby Trading Cards  shop. They then to the arcade,  Game , where Anzu was challenged to a game of  Super Dancer  by  Step Johnny . Dark Yugi advised her to ignore Johnny, but Anzu refused to back down from a dance challenge. Johnny insisted that Anzu should spend the night with him if she lost and accused her of playing for that reason. Anzu managed to win the game and admitted it felt good. [97] 
 The two went to the docks and Dark Yugi mentioned how the  Millennium Items  belonged in Egypt and how going there could help him learn more about himself, but not going would mean staying with Yugi. He was not sure which he wanted to do. Anzu suggested that he be honest to his own heart, so Dark Yugi decided to go to  The Art of Egypt  exhibition at  Domino City Museum  for clues to his past. He knew he had to go there but had been afraid before. However, spending time with Anzu caused him to make up his mind. [97] 
 
         Anzu learns that Dark Yugi was once a pharaoh.     
 In the museum, Anzu and Dark Yugi learned from the  Tablet of Lost Memories  that Dark Yugi was once a pharaoh, from 3000 years earlier. This caused Anzu to worry about Yugi, who thought that Dark Yugi would always remain in his heart. The two were greeted by  Ishizu Ishtar , who predicted Dark Yugi's arrival with her  Millennium Tauk . She explained that Dark Yugi needed to collect the Millennium Items to regain his memories and would soon partake in a battle for that purpose. Dark Yugi asked that Anzu not to tell Yugi what they had learned until he was ready to accept it. [98] 
 Outside the museum, they bumped into  Mai Kujaku , who was there for the announcement of the  Battle City  tournament. Mai was happy to see them and teased Anzu for being on a date. [98] 
 The next day, Yugi and  Jonouchi  searched for the RPG Hobby Trading Cards shop, in order to collect  Duel Disks  for the Battle City tournament. Having been there on her date, Anzu was able to show them where it was. She noticed that Yugi was suspicious of why Dark Yugi wanted to enter the tournament and thought he would figure it out before long. [97] 
 
 
 Preliminaries 
         Anzu is unimpressed to see  Insector Haga .     
 On the day of the tournament, Anzu noted how she and her friends were drifting apart, as they struggled to meet up. She,  Bakura  and  Sugoroku  spotted  The Doll  standing motionless, as they searched for Yugi and Jonouchi. At noon, she was able to correctly guess Jonouchi would be at a restaurant and they spotted him catching  a thief  near the  Beef Buster . The thief claimed that his own Deck and Duel Disk had been stolen and that he had taken Jonouchi's to try and win his own back. Jonouchi let the boy go to fetch the thief, so he could Duel him. Anzu and the others were skeptical of the boy's story, but Jonouchi insisted they should have more faith in people. As they waited, Jonouchi told them about his desire to Duel Yugi and how  Shizuka  lacked the courage to remove her bandages after her eye operation. [99] 
 Insector Haga  arrived upon the thief's summoning. Anzu said that he did not deserve to Duel Jonouchi, after what he did to Yugi's " Exodia " cards, but Haga was just glad such a cute girl remembered him. She suspected Haga was up to something and warned Jonouchi to be careful. Jonouchi drew " Parasite Paracide ", which worked to Haga's advantage. Anzu knew that the card did not belong to Jonouchi and Sugoroku figured that the thief slipped it in. Despite the handicap, Jonouchi still managed to win. [100] 
 Getting separated from Bakura in the process, Anzu and Sugoroku followed Jonouchi to  the aquarium , where he faced his next opponent,  Ryota Kajiki . [101] 
 
         Marik  befriends Jonouchi and Anzu, through his alter ego, "Namu".     
 After  the Duel , Anzu congratulated Jonouchi on qualifying for the finals and reminded him that he could use his  Puzzle Cards  to determine the location of the finals. However before he could do this, they spotted Bakura, with a stab wound on his arm and  Marik Ishtar  helping him walk. Bakura had no recollection of how he had been injured. Marik then got punched defending Bakura from two boys accusing him of stealing a Duel Disk. Jonouchi proceeded to beat up the boys, while Anzu checked that Marik was okay. As Sugoroku took Bakura to the hospital, Jonouchi and Anzu thanked Marik, who lied that his name was "Namu". [102] 
 
         Marik threatens to have Anzu swallow a suicide capsule.     
 Without them knowing, Marik possessed Jonouchi and Anzu using the  Millennium Rod [103]  and used them as hostages to lure Dark Yugi into a Duel. [104]  While possessed, Anzu answered a phone call from Honda but hung up without saying anything. However, the sound of a ship horn in the background, allowed Honda to deduce she was at  Domino Pier . [103]  Marik got Anzu to place a suicide capsule between her teeth and threatened to make her swallow it if Dark Yugi refused to Duel Jonouchi at the  Arena of Death . [105]  When the Duel ended, Marik got Anzu to spit out the capsule and released her. [106] 
 Mai, Honda, Shizuka and  Ryuji  arrived at the pier after  the Duel  and Anzu witnessed Shizuka taking off her eye bandages. [107]  Mai, Shizuka, Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu, Honda and Ryuji all squeezed into  Mai's car , so that they could all follow  Kaiba 's helicopter to the finals. On the way, Anzu received a call from Sugoroku, who said that Bakura had disappeared from the hospital. [108] 
 
 Battle Ship 
 Anzu and her friends arrived at  Domino Stadium , where seven of the eight finalists were revealed; Marik, under the alias Namu,  Rishid , pretending to be Marik, Kaiba, Jonouchi, Mai and Bakura. Anzu and her friends were surprised to see Bakura and worried about his condition. Jonouchi and Yugi were cautious about "Namu", but Bakura and Anzu, under the influence of the Millennium Rod, insisted that he saved Bakura and was their friend.  Isono  tried stopping Anzu, Honda, Shizuka, and Ryuji from boarding the  Battle Ship , as they were not finalists, but  Mokuba  insisted that he let them on. [109]  Much to Jonouchi's dismay, the four of them went into his room and he unsuccessfully tried telling all of them, except Shizuka, to leave. [110] 
 
         Anzu takes the  Millennium Ring , while possessed by Marik.     
 Anzu watched the  first Duel  of the finals between Dark Yugi and Bakura. She was surprised to see  Dark Bakura  take over Bakura. As Jonouchi explained who Dark Bakura was to Marik, Anzu told him about the  Monster World  game , where Dark Bakura nearly killed them. [111] 
 During the Duel, she saw Yugi's  Egyptian God , " Slifer the Sky Dragon " for the first time and witnessed Marik's plan to have Dark Yugi lose by endangering Bakura's life. However, Dark Bakura intervened and Dark Yugi won. [112]  Under the influence of the Millennium Rod, Anzu, took Bakura's  Millennium Ring  and said she would keep it where Bakura could not get it. She did not attend  Jonouchi and Rishid's Duel , as she stayed by the bedside of Bakura, who was rendered unconscious in the last Duel. [113] 
 
         Anzu, in Jonouchi's dream     
 Jonouchi and Rishid were both rendered unconscious in their Duel. During this time, Jonouchi had a dream where he was at school with Anzu, Yugi, Honda, Bakura, and Ryuji. In the dream, Anzu told him off for sleeping at school and helped him pick up the cards he dropped. She and the others all smiled at him, encouragingly, as he got ready for a tournament at  Domino Toysaurus . [114]  Jonouchi told his friends about the dream and credited their support to him being able to regain consciousness. After overhearing Mai asking Jonouchi if she was in the dream too, Anzu told Jonouchi off for joking about how she was not. [115] 
 Although Mai said she did not want anyone cheering for her, [115]  Anzu and her friends watched Mai's  Duel  with  Dark Marik . [116]  Dark Yugi threw himself in front of a blast from " The Sun Dragon Ra ", in order to save Mai. [117]  After this, Anzu held onto him until he regained consciousness and warned him to never do something like that again. [118] 
 Ryuji and Honda took Mai's unconscious body away, while Anzu and the others stayed to watch  the last quarter-final Duel  between Kaiba and the last finalist, [118]  whom they were surprised to learn was  Ishizu Ishtar , the woman they had met at the museum. [119]  Anzu saw that Ishizu had used the  Millennium Tauk  to predict Kaiba's moves and compared her power to  Pegasus '  Mind Scan . [120] 
 
         Marik possesses Anzu, in order to speak with Ishizu.     
 After the Duel, Anzu, Yugi, and Jonouchi were accompanied by Ishizu, when they went to check on Mai. [121]  Ishizu told them about her family's past; how they had met  Shadi , how Dark Marik had been born and how he killed  their father . [122]  Anzu said she would stay with Mai that night. As the others returned to their rooms, Anzu called after Ishizu in private. She asked what would happen to Dark Yugi when the  Millennium Items  are returned to the  Millennium Stone , to which Ishizu replied that he would have a place to return to. [123]  At some point, Jonouchi told Anzu that he planned on Dueling Dark Marik, in order to save Mai and got her to promise not to tell the Yugis. [124] 
 Marik was able to return to the Millennium Ring, he had taken through Anzu, to Bakura. He aided Dark Bakura in  a Duel  against Dark Marik. [125]  When they lost, Marik possessed Anzu, in order to talk to Ishizu and hide Rishid's body from Dark Marik. [126] 
 
 
 Duel Tower 
 In the  Duel Tower , Anzu watched the Battle Royal to determine the match-ups for the semi-finals. [127]  When Dark Marik turned  his Duel  with Jonouchi in a  Shadow Game , she apologized to Dark Yugi for not telling him that Jonouchi had planned on going through with the Shadow Game, in order to save Mai. [124]  Anzu wept after the Duel, fearing Jonouchi could be dead. [128]  He was taken away on a stretcher after the Duel and his friends stayed at his bedside. [129] 
 
         Anzu questions Dark Yugi's decision to continue fighting.     
 When Dark Yugi got up to leave for  his Duel  with Kaiba, Anzu went after him. She asked if it is worth continuing to fight and if there was anything in his heart other than finding his lost memories. Dark Yugi told her about the premonition the Millennium Tauk had shown him, where he faces Jonouchi in a friendly Duel and said that if he did not fight, that vision would not come true. Anzu stayed with Jonouchi while Dark Yugi left. [129]  During the Duel, Jonouchi awoke from his coma [130]  and told the others off not being with Dark Yugi. He led them up to the arena, [131]  where they saw the end of the Duel. [132] 
 In  the final Duel , between Dark Yugi and Dark Marik, as each player lost  Life Points , a part of their other self, Yugi and Marik, would disappear. Marik possessed Anzu again, in order to tell Dark Yugi not to hold back, as he was prepared to die. He also took the time to apologize to Dark Yugi and Ishizu. [133]  By the end of the Duel, Anzu returned to her normal self. [134]  She felt sorry for Marik when she saw that the instructions to retrieving the Pharaoh's memory had been carved onto his back. [135] 
 Anzu and her friends returned to the Battle Ship after Kaiba announced that the tower was to be destroyed. Here they found Mai and Bakura, who had recovered. They desperately searched for the Kaiba brothers as the detonation time approached and Anzu told Jonouchi off for suggesting that Kaiba was again planning on killing himself over losing. The blimp finally took off without the Kaibas, but Anzu was relieved to see them alive as they passed by in their  Blue-Eyes White Dragon jet . [136] 
 
 
 Project R.A. 
   The following events from  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  are of disputed canon. 
 Anzu is abducted by  Yako Tenma  during school as part of his  R.A. Project  and taken to  KaibaCorp . Her soul is trapped in a " Soul Prison ", and she is connected to a machine. Before revealing the kidnapping to Yugi, she was replaced by a hologram (though whether she was projected in the same manner as Yako himself is unknown. Yako revealed the deception after Summoning " The Wicked Avatar ," a  Wicked God  card, and effortlessly defeating " Slifer the Sky Dragon " in a Duel against Dark Yugi.
 When Yako Summoned " The Wicked Dreadroot ," in his second Duel with Dark Yugi, the mystic energy that the Wicked God emitted was harnessed to remove her soul from her body completely. After the defeat of the God and the revelation that Yako had been possessing his brother  Gekko Tenma  to Duel Yugi, Yako revealed that his plan was to put  Pegasus ' soul in her body. Gekko explained to Dark Yugi that it had been promised that Yugi would see Anzu - by placing the "Soul Prison" card in his  Duel Disk , Dark Yugi was able to commune with her through a hologram, and she attempted to cheer him up after he began to worry, though when they were unable to touch each other, they were both saddened by the loneliness. (Gekko also theorized she was watching events through the Duel Disk after becoming part of the Duel Ring Server). Gekko told the duo about his and Yako's history, and explained to Anzu that she was chosen because she was 1) physically and mentally healthy, 2) not a Duelist (whose "sword of the heart" fighting spirit prevents Yako from removing their souls via the means available to him) and 3) someone whose loss would hurt Yugi. He then clarified that Yako held the belief that Yugi had killed Pegasus, based on information supplied by  Bandit Keith . The Bandit in question met up with them immediately afterward, and Anzu watched in worry as Gekko Dueled and defeated  Ted Banias , as the Duel, like all of Yugi's, decided her fate.
 Keith took them to meet Yako afterward, but they were intercepted by two  Card Professors  who were also Pegasus's prodigies like the Tenma twins,  Depre Scott  and  Richie Merced . When Yugi decided to Duel Depre without the help of Dark Yugi, he had to take Anzu's card out of his Disk, and she wished him luck before vanishing. 
 Gekko was defeated by Richie, preventing Yugi and Gekko from moving up any further, and after Yako defeated  Seto Kaiba  and Bandit Keith Summoned " The Wicked Eraser ," Yako had the energy to recreate Pegasus's soul from the Duel Ring Server, and he began to pour the data into Anzu. Anzu appeared to Yugi, scared by what was happening to her, and her image faded away. She was revealed to have been linked to the Wicked Gods. Due to the data being downloaded into her body,  Mokuba ,  Honda , and  Jonouchi  were able to locate her, and Honda was the first to reach her, followed by Jonouchi. Jonouchi attempted to remove her body from the machine, but it was revealed that doing so would prevent her soul from returning to her body unless the Wicked Gods were defeated. Yako himself claimed he couldn't reverse her condition. 
 When Yako Summoned "The Wicked Avatar" in his third Duel against Dark Yugi, the Wicked God briefly took her form upon its initial Summoning. She later appeared to Dark Yugi after he was able to destroy "Avatar," and told them that she would be with them soon before her soul returned to her body. Jonouchi and Honda helped her out of the machine and took her up to the roof after Dark Yugi won the Duel. She almost tripped as the friends ran towards each other, and she left the building with her friends afterward.
 
 World of Memories 
 Mind Labyrinth 
         Anzu gives Dark Yugi the  cartouche .     
 Anzu greeted  Yugi  and  Jonouchi  at school, while they were whispering about the  Video Girl♡  tape, and embarrassed them by asking what they were talking about. The three of them,  Honda  and  Bakura  discussed using the  Egyptian Gods  to restore  Dark Yugi 's memories. Anzu mentioned her concerns that in gaining his old memories, Dark Yugi might lose his memories of them. However, Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who assured her that he could never forget them. [137] 
 After school, Anzu, Dark Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura went to  Domino City Museum  and were greeted at the entrance by  Bobasa , [137]  who was to aid Dark Yugi in his journey to the  World of Memories . Inside the museum, Anzu became conscious of how odd it seemed that she had always called Dark Yugi "Yugi". Being a different person, rather than another part of Yugi, she concluded that he must have a name of his own. She then went into the souvenir shop and bought a  cartouche  pendant, which she gave to Dark Yugi. She explained that after he learns his real name, he can carve it into the cartouche, so he will not forget it again. [138] 
 
         Anzu learns that Dark Yugi is going to experience his death again.     
 Following  Marik  and  Ishizu 's instructions, Dark Yugi brandished the Egyptian God cards to  the tablet , sucking him into the World of Memories. Anzu was stunned when Yugi reported that Dark Yugi was no longer inside him. [139] . She was somewhat relieved to hear that he would maintain his memories of the present world, but shocked to hear that he was going to experience his death again. Bobasa explained that others were able to go to the World of Memories too, so Anzu and her friends volunteered to help Dark Yugi. [140]  Before they continued, Bobasa used the  Millennium Scales  to ensure there was no evil in any of their hearts. Anzu, Jonouchi, and Honda passed the scales' test, but the evil was detected in Bakura's heart, due to the presence of Dark Bakura, so he was asked to leave. Bobasa then used the  Millennium Key  to bring himself, Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda into the labyrinth of Dark Yugi's  soul room . [141] 
 In order to enter the World of Memories, Anzu and her companions needed to find the door to Dark Yugi's true soul room. [142]  While searching for the door, Anzu thought Yugi might be the only one able to find it, and grieved not being able to help. She also learned that it was their duty to find Dark Yugi's name, which may be hidden in the World of Memories through his subconsciousness. [143]  Yugi concluded that the doors were checking were fake and to find the true door, he suggested that they put their hands together and focus on their true goal. Doing so, caused a new doorway to the World of Memories to appear. [144] 
 
 Shadow RPG 
 Ka  hunt 
         Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Anzu's bodies in the coffins, during the  Shadow RPG .     
 Unbeknownst to Anzu, Honda, Jonouchi, and Yugi, their unconscious bodies were taken to a hidden room in the museum, where they were placed in coffins. Their minds were sent to the World of Memories, where events were controlled by the  Shadow RPG , played between Dark Yugi and Dark Bakura. [145] 
 Going through the doorway took them to an Ancient Egyptian setting; the kingdom Dark Yugi ruled as Pharaoh. [144]  They quickly learned that they were unable to interact with the people of the World of Memories or enter the Pharaoh's palace. [146]  Anzu told Jonouchi and Honda off for wanting to exploit their invisibility to peep at the women of the kingdom. [147]  They overheard that the priests were searching for a thief, named  Bakura [146]  and spotted  Kisara  being stoned by people, who believed her white skin and blue eyes to be a bad omen. Anzu, Honda, and Yugi tried helping her up, while Jonouchi confronted her attackers, but their intangibility caused them to just phase through the people, making them unable to help. However,  Priest Seto , whom they immediately noticed looked identical to  Kaiba , arrived on the scene, told the attackers off [147]  and prepared to take Kisara to the palace. Anzu and her friends overheard Seto mentioning the Pharaoh, whom they assumed to be Dark Yugi, so they followed him to the palace. [148] 
 
 Battle with Thief Bakura 
         Anzu and her friends meet the Pharaoh, altering the timeline of his memories.     
 Unable to enter the palace, Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda, and Bobasa waited outside, until they were woken up by the Pharaoh chasing Bakura on horseback during a  ka  battle. [149]  They caught up with the Pharaoh and Yugi was able to lend him strength, [150]  allowing him to win a battle, he had lost the first time he lived the events of the World of Memories. Anzu was relieved to see learn that the Pharaoh could see them and had not lost his memory of them. They explained that he was living in the world of his memory and that they had come to help him learn his real name. [151] 
 The Dark Bakura at the RPG table rewound events, using an  hourglass , [152]  sending the group back to shortly before they reunited with the Pharaoh. This time, the part of Dark Bakura that had entered the World of Memories stood in their way, preventing them from helping the Pharaoh. [153]  He explained that 3000 years previous, in addition to the Pharaoh's soul, a fragment of  Zorc Necrophades ' soul had been sealed in the Millennium Puzzle, only one of which can return to the real world. He identified himself as that part of Zorc's soul and revealed his motives to have Zorc return to the real world. Dark Bakura demonstrated their abilities to warp reality and caused  Duel Disks  to appear on his, Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda's arms. Anzu was surprised that she was given one and wondered what cards she had. Jonouchi engaged in a Duel with Dark Bakura, [154]  which was interrupted as the world fell into darkness, due to the pharaoh blacking out. [155] 
 Sometime after, the sky turned black and everyone around Anzu and her companions became immobilized, [156]  due to Dark Bakura freezing time with another hourglass. [152]  Anzu said that it reminded her of when they were turned to figurines in Dark Bakura's  Monster World   game , which prompted Yugi to realize they were living in a game world. [156] 
 
 Pharaoh's tomb 
         Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda flying     
 After Zorc had been resurrected, Bobasa reported to the group what had happened and transformed into  Hasan . [152]  Hasan was able to inform them that they would find the pharaoh's name inside  his tomb . Jonouchi thought this was odd because the Pharaoh was still alive, but Anzu explained that in Ancient Egypt, Pharaohs had their tombs built while they were still on the throne. While Hasan flew away to protect the pharaoh, he left the four of them to find the name. Yugi discovered that they too should be able to fly and led the group to the  Valley of the Kings . [157] 
 Inside the tomb, Anzu, Honda, and Yugi saved Jonouchi as he tried flying across a deep hole, not knowing they could not fly in dungeon settings. They were able to safely make their way through most of a maze, as the traps were all frozen in time. Inside the maze, they found a  Duel Monsters  card, " Destiny Board " and realized they were not alone. [158]  Time resumed after a while and they were chased by statues swinging blades for the remainder of the maze. [159] 
 When the group exited the maze, the group was confronted by Dark Bakura. In order to pass, they needed to defeat him in a Shadow Game of  Duel Monsters , in which the loser would die. Yugi accepted the Duel, while Anzu and the others watched. [159]  Anzu took notice of Yugi using a different Deck than Dark Yugi and how he had become independent and strong. [160] 
 After Yugi defeated the Dark Bakura in the World of Memories, the Dark Bakura at the RPG table used his third hourglass, causing the ground to sink, destroying the bridge Anzu and her friends had just crossed. As the tomb collapsed behind them, they raced into the last chamber, [161]  where they found the pharaoh's name, but were unable to read the hieroglyphs. [162] 
 
 Battle with Zorc 
         Anzu, Yugi, Honda and Jonouchi cause Atem's name to appear on the  cartouche .     
 Anzu and her friends flew to where the pharaoh and his army were battling Zorc [163]  and while the others fought, Anzu tended to the Pharaoh, who had been injured. She, Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda, the Pharaoh, and some of his army were shielded from one of Zorc's attacks by Hasan, who informed them that they needed to show the Pharaoh his real name before they could defeat Zorc. The attacked killed and unmasked Hasan, allowing the others to see that he was  Shadi . As they wondered how they could show the Pharaoh his name, Anzu spotted the cartouche pendant she had given the Pharaoh and told the others to concentrate on the glyphs, so they could carve them onto the pendant. [162]  The Pharaoh, read his real name, Atem, from the pendant. With his name as the key, he was able to summon  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [164] 
 As they celebrated defeating Zorc, Anzu inattentively referred to Atem as "Yugi", which he said he did not mind, but Anzu insisted that she should call him by his own name now. Despite Zorc's defeat, the ground began to collapse and Atem insisted that Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda find a way out of the World of Memories. After getting Atem to promise that he would come after them, they flew towards the Millennium Puzzle in the sky, from where they had originally entered. [165] 
 
 Aftermath 
 Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, and Honda woke up in the museum, and Atem returned to Yugi's body shortly afterward. They found  Bakura  unconscious and free from Dark Bakura, at the opposite side of the RPG table. [166] 
 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
         Anzu fails to confess her true feelings for Atem to Yugi.     
 One month after going to the  World of Memories , Anzu,  Yugi ,  Atem ,  Jonouchi ,  Honda ,  Bakura ,  Sugoroku  and  Ryuji  traveled to Egypt for Atem's final trial, which was to take place in the  Valley of the Kings . [166]  They were greeted outside the airport in Cairo, by  Marik  and  Rishid , who informed them that they were unable to fly to Luxor as planned, due to a sandstorm, so  Ishizu  arranged for a ship to take them there. Onboard the ship, Ishizu and Marik explained that Atem needed to lose a  Ceremonial Battle , in order to pass on to the afterlife. Anzu was uncomfortable with the idea of Atem leaving and later tried talking to Yugi about it, but was unable to do so and changed the subject to Honda's medicine. [167] 
 
         Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda call Atem back before he leaves.     
 The next morning, the group arrived at the  Shrine of the Underworld . After placing the  Millennium Items  in the  Millennium Stone , Atem and Yugi split into separate bodies, in order to Duel in the Ceremonial Battle. Anzu contemplated wanting Atem to win, stating that she wanted him to be by her side forever, as she did not want to be separated from him. [168]  When Yugi smiled after Atem took the upper hand, Anzu suggested that he might have done so because he wanted Atem to win and stay. Jonouchi told her she was wrong; Yugi was happy that he was no longer following Atem, who was now coming at him with all he had. [169]  After Yugi defeated " The God of Obelisk ", Anzu wondered how Atem felt about how strong Yugi had become and thought he must be happy as "the other Yugi", but sad as "Atem". She noticed Yugi's " Gold Sarcophagus " card was similar to the box that Yugi got  Millennium Puzzle  in; the box that brought him and Atem together. [170] 
 After Yugi won, Atem said his name to the  Eye of Wadjat , opening the door to his afterlife. Before he went through, Anzu, Yugi, Jonouchi, and Honda called him back. Anzu reminded him that if he went through, he would not be able to come back and said she did not understand why he had to go. Jonouchi told her that she did not need to understand it, she just needed to accept it and never forget him. Anzu wept as he left and vowed to never forget anything about him. After the door to the afterlife closed, the shrine began to collapse, burying the Millennium Items, while Anzu and the others ran outside, where they reflected on Atem's passing. [171] 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 In the advent of their high school graduation, Anzu and her friends,  Yugi ,  Jonouchi ,  Honda  and  Bakura  discussed their plans for the future. Having recently been accepted for a study-abroad program, Anzu planned on studying to become a professional dancer.
 At a mall, Anzu, Yugi, Honda, and Bakura ate lunch at  Otogi's cafe , while being served by  Ryuji . As they discussed the news of people disappearing recently, Bakura mentions how the person responsible could be watching them, but Anzu accredited that paranoia to the obsessive girls, who were stalking Bakura. When Jonouchi, who was also working at the café, got into a fight with Honda, Anzu tried to break it up, but Jonouchi ignored her and ate her ice cream.
 Following a graduation rehearsal,  Aigami  forged a friendship with Anzu and her friends, in order to get close to Yugi, the vessel of  the pharaoh . The group went bowling together and ate at  Burger World . This new connection resulted in the disappearance of Jonouchi and Bakura. Anzu learned of Jonouchi's disappearance after Honda found his bike and Duel Disk abandoned. She, Yugi, and Honda soon found Jonouchi, who abstained from telling he had been saved by an apparition, as he prioritized the search for Bakura. At  Kaiba Land , she witnessed Yugi Dueling Aigami and Kaiba. The first of which resulted in her reunion with Bakura.
 After graduation, Anzu traveled abroad and was seen off by her friends at the airport.
 
 Games 
 Anzu participated in the following games.
 
 
 
 Opponent/orchestrator
 
 Game
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapters
 
 
 Kaiba's butler 
 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 
 Win
 
 30 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 bllood puzzle 
 
 Win
 
 31 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Rhythm Rock 
 
 Win
 
 33 
 
 
 Dark Bakura 
 
 Monster World  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 51 ,  52 ,  53 ,  54 ,  55 ,  56 ,  57 ,  58 ,  59 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 Duel Monsters  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 1 (60) 
 
 
 Step Johnny 
 
 Super Dancer 
 
 Win
 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This name is not used in the manga. 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 1: Character Directory" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 26.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 21: " The Night Intruder " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 2: " Lying Eyes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 3: " Hard Beat! " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 4: " Jail Break! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 5: " The False Prophet " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 6: " Into the Fire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 11: " The Wild Gang (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 12: " The Wild Gang (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 13: " The Man from Egypt (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 14: " The Man from Egypt (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑  14.0   14.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 15: " The Other Criminal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 16: " Shadi's Challenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 17: " Game Start! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 20: " Game Over " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 21: " Digital Pet Duel " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 28: " Arena #1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 29: " Shooting Stardust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 30: " Don't Make a Sound! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 31: " Murderer's Mansion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 32: " Chainsaw Deathmatch!! " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 33: " Terror Cubed!!! " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 34: " Arena #2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 36: " Battle Beyond Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 39: " Endgame!! " 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 40: " A Piece of His Heart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 41: " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 42: " Get the Million!! " 
 
 ↑  31.0   31.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 45: " 13 O'clock Terror!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 46: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 50: " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 
 ↑  34.0   34.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 51: " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 
 ↑  35.0   35.1   35.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 52: " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 53: " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 54: " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 55: " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 56: " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 57: " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 58: " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 59: " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 1: " Challenge!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 2: " Don't Draw That Card!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 4: " I Won't Lose!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 5: " Fate on the High Seas!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 6: " Let the Duel Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 9: " Demon Lightning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 8: " The Ultimate Great Moth " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 10: " The Siren " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 11: " Things that Don't Change " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 12: " The Scourge of the Sea " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 13: " Attack from the Deep " 
 
 ↑  55.0   55.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 14: " The Thief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 17: " The Legendary Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 18: " On My Own " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 19: " I Won't Lose! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 20: " The Ticking Clock! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 24: " Swords of Light " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 25: " A Storm in the Kingdom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 26: " Duelist's Honor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 28: " The Terror of Pegasus! " 
 
 ↑  65.0   65.1   65.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 60: " Because We're Friends " 
 
 ↑  66.0   66.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 29: " The Lurking Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 30: " Duel Without End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 31: " Call of the Grave " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 32: " Death to the Undead! " 
 
 ↑  70.0   70.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 33: " Enter the Labyrinth! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 39: " Choose Wisely! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 40: " The Last Piece " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 41: " Duel Disk Battle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 46: " No Mercy " 
 
 ↑  75.0   75.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 47: " Another Kind of Courage " 
 
 ↑  76.0   76.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 48: " To the Castle! " 
 
 ↑  77.0   77.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 52: " The Promise " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 53: " The Eve of Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 54: " Stealth in the Night! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 55: " The Bewitching Mai " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 56: " The Beautiful Trap! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 57: " Find Yourself! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 58: " Running on the Edge! " 
 
 ↑  84.0   84.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 65: " Its Time! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 71: " Heart to Heart " 
 
 ↑  86.0   86.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 73: " The Tragic Tale of the Millennium Eye " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 74: " The Precious Piece " 
 
 ↑  88.0   88.1   88.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 75: " The New Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 76: " Rigged! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 77: " D.D.M.!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 78: " The Path of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 83: " Solve the Puzzle!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 84: " Zero Attack?! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 85: " The Room of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 86: " Chains " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 87: " The Ancient Stone " 
 
 ↑  97.0   97.1   97.2   97.3   97.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 90: " Where I Belong "   Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "d d 90" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑  98.0   98.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 91: " The Gathering " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 107: " Eyes that See the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 108: " Smoothly! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 119: " Each Other's Duel! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 124: " The Reason for Dueling " 
 
 ↑  103.0   103.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 132: " The Place of Destiny " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 131: " Where Jonouchi Waits " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 133: " The Unwanted Duel!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 140: " The Treasure " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 141: " The Courage to See " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 142: " Warriors Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 143: " The Eight Finalists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 144: " The First Enemy! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 145: " The Thing in the Dark " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 149: " The Line of Fire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 150: " Jonouchi's Revenge! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 158: " Darkness Awakens! " 
 
 ↑  115.0   115.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 159: " One Duelist " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 160: " The Dark Game!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 164: " The Depths of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑  118.0   118.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 165: " The Future is Now " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 166: " Kaiba Declares War! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 167: " The Chosen One " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 172: " Out of the Past " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 173: " The Clan of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 174: " Duel in the Dark! " 
 
 ↑  124.0   124.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 184: " The Final Stage! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 175: " Evil vs. Evil! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 178: " The Eve of Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 180: " Cross Purposes! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 191: " Light from the Future!! " 
 
 ↑  129.0   129.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 192: " A Battle to Tear the Skies Asunder! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 201: " Red Spirit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 202: " Beyond Hatred " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 204: " The Monster of Victory or Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 213: " Unbeatable? " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 217: " Than Curse the Darkness " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 218: " The End of Alcatraz " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 219: " A New Journey! " 
 
 ↑  137.0   137.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 3: " Mystery of the the Artifact!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 4: " Voyage into Memories " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 5: " The Six Chosen Priests " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 6: " The Evil Shadow " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 7: " Bakura, King of Thieves " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 8: " Diabound vs. Galestgoras " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 11: " The Supreme Blow! " 
 
 ↑  144.0   144.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 16: " The Invisible Door " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 42: " The Ultimate Shadow RPG! " 
 
 ↑  146.0   146.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 17: " Tears in the Nile " 
 
 ↑  147.0   147.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 18: " Ka Hunt!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 19: " Bakura Lives! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 22: " Slifer vs. Diabound " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 25: " To Pierce the Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 27: " Ruler of Shadows!! " 
 
 ↑  152.0   152.1   152.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 43: " The Dark God Awakes! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 28: " Time Rewound!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 29: " Shadows Fall!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 35: " The Village of Ghosts!! " 
 
 ↑  156.0   156.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 41: " The Pawns of Memory! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 44: " The Mysterious NPC! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 45: " Into the Tomb! " 
 
 ↑  159.0   159.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 46: " Battle in the Shrine! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 47: " The Silent Duelist!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 50: " The End of the World!! " 
 
 ↑  162.0   162.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 54: " The Stone Slabs of the Modern World! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 53: " The Light of the Soul! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 55: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 55: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 ↑  166.0   166.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 58: " He Who Inherits the Light " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 59: " Over the Nile!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 61: " Yugi vs. Atem!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 62: " The Ties That Bind " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 63: " The Master of Servants " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 65: " The Journey of the King " 
 
 
 v e 
 Téa Gardner  (Anzu Mazaki) pages Anime and manga 
 NAS anime 
 Manga 
 Toei anime 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Teana 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Anzu_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/174?cb=20171230182450', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Anzu-Manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080402115946', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Anzu_welcomes_Yugi_and_Jonouchi_to_BW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160428224618', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/YGO-005_Anzu_swoons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160430172458', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Anzu%27s_soul_room.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160703161026', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/YGO-017_Anzu_on_the_bridge.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100127152216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/YGO-028_Pervert.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160726195407', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Electric_Chair_Ride_second_horror.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20171018230615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/YGO-033_Smiley.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130507133210', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/YGO-034_Meet_Dark_Yugi.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/120?cb=20110829000623', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/YGO-039_Not_alone.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100613150815', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/YGO-041_This_might_help.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20130507174338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/YGO-045_Bikini_Anzu.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100722155504', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/YGO-045_Back_to_our_date.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130507174339', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/Anzu%27s_MW_figure.png/revision/latest?cb=20101113225940', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/YGO-052_Apprentice_Final_Big_Bang.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624190405', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/YGO-053_Miniature_Anzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624191742', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/YGO-057_Healing_Magic_of_Luona.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624175840', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dd/YGO-059_Final_Big_Bang.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110611143934', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Jonouchi_VS_Anzu_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402013726', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/D-005_Tease.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140218200941', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/D-011_Make_him_win.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130112222656', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/D-015_Interrogation_techniques.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130112222658', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/D-020_Cheer.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20121004231144', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/D-021_Crush_exposed.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120922162546', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/D-021_Hold_hands.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20120922163837', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/D-047_That%27s_totally_wrong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20130130222704', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/D-054_Nurse_Anzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130130230110', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/D-071_Mind_Scan_blocked.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120105222453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/47/D-090_Date.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20130324001325', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/D-090_Anzu_wins.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170902113900', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/D-091_Dark_Yugi_and_Anzu_see_the_tablet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20130408161755', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/D-098_You%27re_Insector_Haga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130418150239', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/D-124_I_hope_we_can_be_friends.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120128214754', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/D-133_Suicide_capsule.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130418153523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/D-150_Anzu_takes_the_Ring.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130419004615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Wake_up_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20171223163913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/D-178_Brainwashed_Anzu_meets_Ishizu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130425164809', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/D-192_Why_continue%3F.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130425164811', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/MW-004_Dark_Yugi%2C_Anzu%2C_cartouche.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20130501162916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/MW-006_Distress.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130501173136', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/MW-042_Shadow_RPG_coffins.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130504181444', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/MW-025_Pharaoh_meets_his_friends.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130503171022', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/MW-044_Flying.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130506210723', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/MW-055_Name_appeared.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20170813181806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/MW-059_Not_as_planned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20170812160450', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/MW-065_Yugi%21%21.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130507011134']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Characters, Téa Gardner pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters