Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Syrus_Truesdale_(Duel_Links)


 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 丸藤翔 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Zane Truesdale  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Rescueroid to the Rescue Super Vehicroids 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Masami Suzuki 
 
 
 
 Syrus Truesdale  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  who appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links .  This is a video game depiction of  Syrus Truesdale , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Prior to September 11, 2018, he was exclusive to the  special event   Syrus Truesdale's Road to Duel Links , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 Yellow  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Syrus Truesdale at the  Gate .
 The  special event  Tardy Syrus has Syrus use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Roaming Duelist & Tardy Syrus 
 
 4.2.1   Level 30 
 4.2.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 4.3.1   Neos Cup 
 4.3.2   Blue-Eyes Cup 
 
 
 4.4   Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 
 4.4.1   Level 20 
 4.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Unlike his elite brother  Zane , Syrus has a hard time believing in his own skills. It doesn't help that when Syrus first arrives at Duel Academy, he's placed in the lowest-ranked Silfer Red dormitory. But by competing - and befriending - many Duelists, Syrus gains confidence in himself and his abilities. His favorite monsters are Machine-Type Vehicroids.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Profile (Slifer Red) Chibi (Slifer Red) Summoning pose (Slifer Red) Defeat (Slifer Red) 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Achieve 3 win(s) using only Machine-Type Monster Cards in Duel World (GX) Duels.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Use a Spell/Trap Card 3 time(s) in one Duel using Jaden Yuki.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 Comeback Victory(ies) in Duels against Paradox Brothers at level 30 using Jaden Yuki.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Play as Jaden Yuki and win 1 Duel(s) against Syrus Truesdale at level 30 in Duel World.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Summon " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant " 1 time(s) in 1 Duel against Syrus Truesdale at level 30 using Jaden Yuki.
 
 3 SR Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 Yellow Keys
 
 Deck 
 Character 
 
 Syrus Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Falcon  x2 
 Cycroid  x3 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid 
 Steamroid 
 Submarineroid Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Roaming Duelist & Tardy Syrus 
 Level 30 
 
 Rescueroid to the Rescue Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ambulanceroid  x3 
 Expressroid  x3 
 Jetroid  x2 
 Rescueroid  x2 
 Truckroid  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ambulance Rescueroid  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Weapon Change 
 Traps 
 Inverse Universe 
 Supercharge 
 Level 40 
 
 Super Vechicroids Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid  x3 
 Gyroid  x2 
 Steamroid  x3 
 Submarineroid  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Pair Cycroid 
 Steam Gyroid 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Shield Crush 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone 
 Traps 
 Inverse Universe 
 No Entry!! 
 Supercharge 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Neos Cup 
 
 Mechanical Invasion Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ambulanceroid  x3 
 Expressroid  x3 
 Gyroid 
 Jetroid 
 Rescueroid  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ambulance Rescueroid  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Stop Defense 
 Weapon Change 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
 Inverse Universe 
 Supercharge 
 Blue-Eyes Cup 
Skill: "Fusion Reserves - Roids" (If your team has less than 1000 Life Points, add a "roid" monster to your hand before conducting your normal draw.) 
 Cyber Roids (incomplete) Monsters  (9) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid  x3 
 Steamroid  x3 
 Submarineroid  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill  x2 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Fusion Recycling Plant 
 Machina Armored Unit  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Shield Crush  x2 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone 
 Traps 
 No Entry!! 
 Pulse Mines 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Supercharge" (Syrus Truesdale will start the duel with the Trap Card "Supercharge" set.)
 
 
 Bicycle Race Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cycroid  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ambulanceroid  x2 
 Carrierroid  x2 
 Decoyroid 
 Stealthroid  x2 
 Gyroid 
 Patroid  x2 
 UFOroid Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Pair Cycroid  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Supercharge  x2 
 Wonder Garage  x2 
 Level 40 
Skill: "Connection Zone" (Syrus Truesdale will start the duel with " Vehicroid Connection Zone " in his hand.) 
 Roided Out Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid  x2 
 Expressroid 
 Gyroid  x2 
 Jetroid 
 Steamroid  x3 
 Submarineroid 
 Truckroid Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Pair Cycroid 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill Spells  (5) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Shield Crush  x2 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone  x2 
 Traps 
 Emergeroid Call  x2 
 No Entry!!  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Syrus Truesdale reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Fusion Guard "
 
 
 4
 
 Check out My Ride! ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Syrus Truesdale)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Carrierroid "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Syrus Truesdale)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Rescueroid "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Ambulanceroid "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: Earth ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ambulance Rescueroid "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Supercharge "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Stealthroid "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Check out My Fusion! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Vehicroid Connection Zone "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Submarineroid "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Stealthroid "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Syrus Truesdale)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Vehicroid Connection Zone "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Steamroid "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Vehicroid Connection Zone "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Drillroid "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Syrus Truesdale)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Truckroid "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Syrus Truesdale, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Expressroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Submarineroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Inverse Universe "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ambulance Rescueroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Pair Cycroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rescueroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Carrierroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ambulanceroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Supercharge "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Patroid "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Tardy Syrus, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Expressroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Submarineroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Drillroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Steamroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Inverse Universe "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ambulance Rescueroid "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Pair Cycroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Steam Gyroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rescueroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Carrierroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ambulanceroid "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Supercharge "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Patroid "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Check out My Ride!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a " roid " monster of your choice.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points deceases by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Check out My Fusion!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add " Vehicroid Connection Zone " to your hand from outside of your deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Training Wheels
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During this turn, if a monster whose original name is " Cycroid " or " Pair Cycroid " attacked this turn, that monster will be banished until the beginning of your next turn.
 
 Event
 
 
 Fusion Reserves - Roids
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Add 1 Fusion Material from your Deck to your hand, whose name is specially listed on a " roid " Fusion Monster card in your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 Special Mission
 
 
 Master of Fusion
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000.
 Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add "Polymerization" to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 My Monster Cards
 
 If your Deck contains 6 or more Level 4 or lower monster with different names, you will have better chances of having a Level 4 or lower monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Syrus announces "Jay! You're my best bud, but I won't let you steamroll me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Syrus says "Jaden, thanks for teaching me to never give up." followed by "I don't know who I'd be without you!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Syrus says "Way to play, Jay!" followed by "But I'll defeat you someday! And sooner than you think!" 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Zane Truesdale , Syrus announces "Zane's not himself. Only I can remind him how he used to be!"
 When he wins the Duel, Syrus says "You used to care, Zane! You used to respect your opponents!" followed by "So if you won't, I will!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Syrus says "No matter what you do, you'll always be my brother." followed by "Now and forever..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Syrus Summons " Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill ", a cut-in frame of Syrus briefly appears, and he announces "Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill is digging this way!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill" being Summoned plays afterward.
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jumbo Drill!" followed by "Churn 'em up!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cyberdark Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Syrus briefly appears, and he announces "As I evolve into a better Duelist, so do my cards!" followed by "Show yourself, Cyberdark Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Cyberdark Dragon!" followed by "Dark Cyber Stream!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union ", a cut-in frame of Syrus briefly appears, and he announces "Unite into one, Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Stealth Union!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Ambulance Rescueroid ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Ambulance Rescueroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ambulance Rescueroid attacks!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ambulance Rescueroid's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon the destroyed monster in Defense position!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Armoroid ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "Armoroid! Combo Summon!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Armoroid!" followed by "Electricity Crush!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Armoroid's effect!" followed by "All Spell and Trap Cards on the field are banished!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "Combine into Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine attacks!!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Dark Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "She's not Ms. Dorothy playing dress up! She's the real deal!" followed by "Your hero and I: Dark Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I still can't believe I'm using the REAL Dark Magician Girl" followed by "Dark Burning Attack!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Pair Cycroid ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Pair Cycroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Pair Cycroid!" followed by "Double Cyclone!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Steam Gyroid ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "This is my favorite card! Steam Gyroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Steam Gyroid attacks!" followed by "Train Twister!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Thunder Nyan Nyan ", a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "*blush* This is my card-crush, Thunder Nyan Nyan!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Thunder Nyan Nyan!" 
 When Syrus Summons " UFOroid Fighter ",a cut-in frame of Syrus's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon UFOroid Fighter!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, UFOroid Fighter!" followed by "Cosmic Flux Blast!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Ambulanceroid ", he announces "Ambulanceroid is coming to the rescue!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Ambulanceroid attacks!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ambulanceroid's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon the "roid" that was added to my hand!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Carrierroid ", he announces "I Summon Carrierroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Full speed ahead Carrierroid, attack!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Carrierroid's effect!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cyber Phoenix ", he announces "Rise, Cyber Phoenix!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cyber Phoenix, attack!!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cyber Phoenix's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cyberdark Edge ", he announces "I Summon Cyberdark Edge!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Edge attacks!" followed by "Counter Burn!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Edge's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cyberdark Horn ", he announces "I Summon Cyberdark Horn!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Horn attacks!" followed by "Dark Sphere!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Horn's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cyberdark Keel ", he announces "I Summon Cyberdark Keel!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Keel attacks!" followed by "Dark Whip!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cyberdark Keel's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Cycroid ", he announces "I Summon Cycroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cycroid attacks!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Decoyroid ", he announces "I Summon Decoyroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Decoyroid!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Drillroid ", he announces "I Summon Drillroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Drillroid attacks!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Drillroid's effect activates!" followed by "Your Defense Position monster is destroyed!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Expressroid ", he announces "I Summon Expressroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Expressroid, run 'em over!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Expressroid's effect activates!" followed by "I add two "roid" monsters in my Graveyard to my hand!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Gyroid ", he announces "Come on out Gyroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gyroid!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Jetroid ", he announces "Fly in, Jetroid"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jetroid! Attack!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Mixeroid ", he announces "I Summon Mixeroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mixeroid attacks!!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Mixeroid's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Patroid ", he announces "I Summon Patroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Arrest 'em, Patroid!" followed by "Siren Smasher!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Patroid's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Rescueroid ", he announces "I Summon Rescueroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Make some noise, Rescueroid!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rescueroid's effect activates!" followed by "When a "roid" is wrecked in battle, it returns to the hand!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Stealthroid ", he announces "I Summon Stealthroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stealthroid attacks!" followed by "After Burner!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stealthroid's effect activates!" followed by "After it battles, it destroys one Spell or Trap Card." 
 When Syrus Summons " Steamroid ", he announces "I Summon Steamroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Steamroid! Full steam ahead!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Submarineroid ", he announces "Swim, Submarineroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Submarineroid! Launch your torpedoes!" followed by "Subterranean Sneak Attack!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Submarineroid's effect activates!" 
 When Syrus Summons " Truckroid ", he announces "I Summon Truckroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Truckroid!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Truckroid's effect activates!" followed by "Truckroid equips the monster it destroyed!" 
 When Syrus Summons " UFOroid ", he announces "I Summon UFOroid!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, UFOroid!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "UFOroid's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Syrus activates " Burial from a Different Dimension ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell, Burial from a Different Dimension!" 
 When Syrus activates " Cyber Summon Blaster ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Cyber Summon Blaster!"d 
 When Syrus activates " Cyberdark Impact ", he announces "I use Cyberdark Impact and return 3 Cyberdarks to my Deck!" followed by "Which lets me Fusion Summon Cyberdark Dragon!" 
 When Syrus activates " Cybernetic Fusion Support ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Cybernetic Fusion Support!" 
 When Syrus activates " Emergeroid Call ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap! Emergeroid Call!" 
 When Syrus activates " Emergency Provisions ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Emergency Provisions!" followed by "I gain 1000 LP for each Spell and Trap I send to the grave!" 
 When Syrus activates " Fusion Guard ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap! Fusion Guard negates the effect, but I have to send a random Fusion Monster to the Graveyard." 
 When Syrus activates " Future Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Future Fusion!" 
 When Syrus activates " Machine Conversion Factory ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Machine Conversion Factory!" 
 When Syrus activates " Magic Cylinder ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Magic Cylinder!" followed by "I'll send the attack right back at you!" 
 When Syrus activates " Megaroid City ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell! Welcome to Megaroid City!" 
 When Syrus activates " Micro Ray ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Micro Ray!" 
 When Syrus activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "This card will get me out of a jam, Monster Reborn!" 
 When Syrus activates " Mystical Space Typhoon ", he announces "I activate a Quick-Play Spell, Mystical Space Typhoon!" 
 When Syrus activates " No Entry!! ", he announces “My Trap Card activates! No Entry!!” followed by "All monsters in Attack Position switch to Defense Position!" 
 When Syrus activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Syrus activates " Pot of Greed ", he announces "I activate my Spell! Pot of Greed!" 
 When Syrus activates " Power Wall ", he announces "Go Power Wall!" followed by "I send cards in the Deck to the Graveyard, that drops the damage to zero!" 
 When Syrus activates " Shield Crush ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Shield Crush!" followed by "I destroy one monster in Defense Position!" 
 When Syrus activates " Spell Economics ", he announces "I knew I can count on my deck!" followed by "I activate Spell Economics!" 
 When Syrus activates " Stop Defense ", he announces "I'll play my Spell Card! I activate Stop Defense!" 
 When Syrus activates " Supercharge ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Supercharge!" 
 When Syrus activates " Trap Hole ", he announces "Too bad, it's my Trap Card, Trap Hole!" 
 When Syrus activates " Vehicroid Connection Zone ", he announces "I activate the Spell, Vehicroid Connection Zone!" followed by "My Special Summoned monster can't be destroyed by effects!" 
 When Syrus activates " Weapon Change " or its effect, he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell! Weapon Change!" 
 When Syrus activates " Wonder Garage ", he announces "I tricked you. My Trap Card activates, Wonder Garage!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Syrus Summons " Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base ", he announces "Transform into Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base!"
 Most of the time when Syrus declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base attacks!" 
 When Syrus activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Syrus activates " Call of the Haunted ", he announces "I activate Call of the Haunted to resurrect my Monster." 
 When Syrus activates " Dimension Fusion ", he announces "I activate Dimension Fusion and pay Life Points! We both Summon as many banished Monsters as we can." 
 When Syrus activates " Limiter Removal ", he announces "I activate a Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal!" 
 When Syrus activates " Power Bond ", he announces "With this card... I'll be as great as Zane someday!" followed by "I activate my Spell Card! Power Bond!" 
 Trivia 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy ,  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor , Bandit Keith,  Ishizu Ishtar , Odion,  Maximillion Pegasus ,  Arkana ,  Espa Roba ,  Scud ,  Prana , Dr. Vellian Crowler, Syrus Truesdale, and Sartorius Kumar are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine  - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba,  Aigami ,  Sera , and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor, Bandit Keith, and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Syrus Truesdale  (Sho Marufuji) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Spirit Caller 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/SyrusTruesdale-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/315?cb=20180626170532', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Profile-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306181839', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Icon-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest?cb=20180509141314', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Icon-DULI-SyrusTruesdale2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180509142201', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Chibi-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132739', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/CutIn-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314193549', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Summoning-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172927', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Defeat-DULI-SyrusTruesdale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307144947', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/Profile-DULI-SliferSyrus.png/revision/latest?cb=20190123152856', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Chibi-DULI-SliferSyrus.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231164953', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/Summoning-DULI-SliferSyrus.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190123152442', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Defeat-DULI-SliferSyrus.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190123154149', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Syrus Truesdale pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters