Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Strings


 
 Strings 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Strings 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Pantomimer 
 
 
 Other names  
 Doll Quiet One 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 パントマイマー 
 
 
 Arabic name  
 الصامت 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Rare Hunters 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Did not place     
 
 
 Deck 
 Slime/Slifer 
 
 
 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Aqua Slime Deck 
 
 
 WC 2004 
 High Defense 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 65: " Mime Control, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards Yu-Gi-Oh! Reshef of Destruction Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship Tournament 2004 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jonathan Todd Ross 
 
 
 German voice 
 Gerald Schaale 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Fábio Lucindo  (Brazil) 
 
 
 Spanish voice 
 Juan Logar Jr. 
 
 
 
 Strings , also known as the  Quiet One , and known in the Japanese version as  Doll  ( 人形 ,  Ningyō ) or  Pantomimer  (パントマイマ,  Pantomimer ), is one of  Marik Ishtar 's  Rare Hunters  during the  Battle City  arc. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Biography 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Deck 
 5   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
       Strings lineart     
 Strings is bald, has pointed ears, and his perpetually wide eyes are surrounded by heavy black circles and have very small blue pupils. He has many piercings all over his head: three near his right eye, one on each ear, three near his lip, one nose ring, and one lip piercing. He wears a black shirt and red pants with yellow suspenders. He wears a green bag across his chest, which is used to hold his Duel Disk. He wears large black shoes and has four studded cuffs on his arms, one at his wrist and one near his shoulder on each arm. He also wears a chain around his neck with a keyhole pendant at the bottom. When he is under Marik's control (which is whenever he is not standing motionless) a gold  Eye of Wdjat  appears on his forehead.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters IV: Battle of Great Duelist , the Doll was shown in a different attire; a short-sleeved yellow shirt, and blue pants. This appearance was carried over for  Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour .
 
 
 Biography 
 Strings was a mime that went mad after killing his parents, and sealed his own conscience away out of guilt. Eventually, he came into Marik's mind control, and due to his crushed mind, became very easy for Marik to bend to his will. Marik programmed Strings to kill Yugi at all cost should he win the Duel against him.
 At first, he appears to be a stationary mime in the park and is a curiosity for many of the people there, but when Marik takes control of him, he goes to confront Yugi and Duel him.
 
         Marik using the God Five combo to overwhelm Yugi.     
 Strings has a huge advantage up his sleeve, the  Egyptian God Card  " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". Using a five card combo involving "Slifer", " Revival Jam ", " Infinite Cards ", " Jam Defender ", and " Card of Safe Return ", Strings puts Yami in a tight situation. Every time he attacks, Strings can redirect the attack to "Revival Jam", which regenerates itself after being destroyed and thanks to "Card of Safe Return", he draws three cards from his Deck whenever this happens and because of "Infinite Cards", he can hold as many cards as he wants. With the  ATK  and  DEF  of "Slifer" proportional to the number of cards its controller holds, and with "Revival Jam" able to absorb and reform from any attack Yugi is able to make with the aid of "Jam Defender", Marik boasts the strategy is unbeatable.
 Yami is just about to give up until Kaiba arrives and encourages him to fight on. The two manage to figure out the weakness of this combo and turn it against Marik. Yami attacks "Revival Jam" with " Buster Blader ", and then uses " Brain Control " to take control of "Revival Jam" as it regenerates so it regenerates under his control, forcing "Slifer" to attack it with its second mouth. Then "Revival Jam" is destroyed and regenerates, forcing Strings to draw three more cards due to "Card of Safe Return". Then "Slifer" must attack "Revival Jam" again, since it reformed under Yami's control, destroying it and allowing it to regenerate again, and forcing Strings to continue drawing due to "Card of Safe Return". This creates an  infinite loop  that only ends once Strings' Deck is empty, causing him to lose the Duel through a  Deck Out . Yami gets "Slifer" for his victory.
 
         Marik's memory of Strings is erased.     
 Strings' only additional appearance was during  Yami Marik 's Duel with  Mai Valentine  at the Battle City Finals. After Marik's " Makyura the Destructor " was destroyed during their Shadow Game, Marik's memory of Strings was erased, though Marik declared that no one in his mind was worth remembering anyway.
 Strings himself is entirely devoid of personality, and is merely a shell for Marik's will. This worked to Marik's advantage: since the Egyptian Gods normally do not obey one without a  Millennium Item , Strings' empty mind allowed Marik to bypass this restriction: "Slifer" obeyed Marik's will, though Marik didn't have to be there in person. However, Strings' lack of mental awareness also served another end: he had no conscience and could feel no pain, so would hold nothing back. After Strings' loss to Yugi, Marik decided to talk through Strings one last time then released control of him and he collapsed.
 
 Other appearances 
 The Doll appears under Marik's control, as in Battle City in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters IV: Battle of Great Duelist , in which the player will have to fight against Slifer the Sky Dragon. Strings also appears as a Duelist in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! Dawn of Destiny , and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  (lacking "Slifer" in his Decks). When not under Marik's control, Strings is only capable of communicating basic sentences (sometimes not speaking at all).
 
 Doll (manga) Strings ( Duel Links ) 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Strings' Decks 
 Trivia 
 Strings is the only major Rare Hunter faced by Yami Yugi who did not cheat. ( Seeker  used fake cards,  Arkana   trimmed  his " Dark Magician " cards, and  Lumis  and  Umbra  secretly communicated with each other using receivers.) 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/59/Strings.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140123121247', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/Strings_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110929035658', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/God_Five.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20170906014935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Pantomimer.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130202011433', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Strings_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20091119010839', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Strings-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/169?cb=20171228102429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Strings pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters