Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Rex_Goodwin

For other versions of this character, see  Rex Goodwin (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 Other   
 Rex Godwin 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Legendary D-Wheeler The Stranger 
 
 
 Japanese   
 レクス・ゴドウィン 
 
 
 French   
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 40 [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Roman Goodwin  (older brother; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Lab assistant Director of  Sector Security 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Kaiba Corp R.R.D. Sector Security Iliaster Signers Dark Signers 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Inca 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 2: " Creepy Crawlies " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Murray Thom 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Shinya Kote 
 
 
 German  
 Felix Spieß 
 
 
 Italian  
 Marco Balzarotti 
 
 
 
 Rex Goodwin , sometimes romanized as  Rex Godwin , was a major character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . Goodwin was a former developer from  R.R.D. , head of  Sector Security , and the man from the  Daedalus Bridge  legend. He is the only  Dark Signer  to not wear a cloak and the only Dark Signer to not have his dark mark on his right arm (instead, he had it on his back). He bears the dark mark of the Condor and his  Earthbound Immortal  is  Wiraqocha Rasca .
 Just before Roman became a  Dark Signer , he entrusted Rex with the mission to gather the  Signers  together to someday stop him and save the world. For the next 17 years, he would go to great lengths to accomplish this.
 But after many failed attempts trying to help, Goodwin lost faith in "people sharing bonds" (as stated in 'Signs of Doom Part 3'), developing the idea of turning into a Dark Signer with the powers of a Signer (by using Roman's  birthmark ). Believing only in the power of his two marks, Rex planned to stop the cycle of conflicts every 5,000 years, which he succeeded in, though he lost the Mark of the Dragon Head (however, in  Z-one 's timeline, he was not a Dark Signer [2] ).  
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Fortune Cup 
 2.3   Dark Signers 
 2.4   Legacy 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Linework of Rex.     
 Rex Goodwin was a tall pale skinned man, with long grey hair that reached into his lower back, with one section of it tied into a ponytail. He wore a dark grey suit and pants, over a collared shirt that featured the Condor geoglyph emblazoned on it. He lost his left arm in an accident, and replaced it with an artificial robotic one, with a built-in  Duel Disk . Goodwin wears a long sleeved suit and white gloves at all times so his mechanical arm goes unnoticed. When he was much younger, his hair was brown and shorter, and he typically wore a lab coat.
 
       Linework as a  Dark Signer .     
 After transforming into a  Dark Signer , his body bulked up incredibly, and he gained purple markings over his face, and now exposed upper body. He also ripped off his artificial arm and used his new powers to connect his brother's arm with the Head  Mark of the Dragon  on it in place of it.
 
 Personality 
 Rex was very manipulative, and usually spoke in a calm, friendly demeanor, and appeared very respectful to others, particularly Jack and referred to him politely as  King-sama.  However he wasn't above being physical and direct when he grabbed  Mina  by the jaw after not wanting to listen to her excuse about Jack. [3]   He believed that the separation of the New Domino City and the Satellite was necessary, as they complimented each other well and promoted growth. He sinisterly claimed that he would sacrifice one side for the other, in order to preserve the peace. He was quick to take action in turmoil, as even after Grieger attempted to kill him, he rallied to the audience of the Fortune Cup that he would protect them all as that was his duty as Director, even at the cost of his own life. During the Fortune Cup, he was utterly determined to expose the Signers via his varying agents that he had placed in the Tournament; and set up various plots in order to do so. He was also incredibly knowledgeable in the  Legend of the People of the Stars  and information about the  Dark Signers . 
 He had great love for his brother, often calling him "niisan" in the Japanese version. He promised him he'd take his arm with the birthmark to gather the Signers and stop him and the Dark Signers in the future. After sending the Signers into the Satellite, he later revealed to his brother he had found a new possibility; gain the powers of both a Signer and a Dark Signer in order to stop the cycle of conflicts every 5,000 years. After he became a Dark Signer, he revealed his plan to destroy and recreate the world in his own image, to become the Ultimate God and rule all (probably due to the Dark Signer mark having influence over his mind, because he never mentioned this 'plan' prior to becoming one). He also believed friendship to be nothing, but after his defeat, was convinced by Yusei the means to fight destiny was the bonds with friends, just before he died. [4] [5] [6] 
 
 Etymology 
       Goodwin's name printed in a book.     
 The word "Rex" is Latin for "King". This demonstrated his influence and power in both  New Domino City  and  Satellite .
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Rex and his brother  Roman , were scientists who became  Dr. Fudo 's assistants for the development of  Ener-D  technology. The three of them worked on the project and making steady progress but at some point the Ener-D started behaving strangely and causing abnormal weather every time they tested it. Dr. Fudo wanted cancel the project before something bad happened, much to Rex's dismay. 
 
         Roman and Rex, while working for  R.R.D.     
 Roman was made lead developer after Dr. Fudo's request to abort was rejected. Dr. Fudo managed to pass on three of the four control units; the cards " Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Stardust Dragon " and " Black Rose Dragon ", to Rex after being shot at for taking them. He begged Rex to stop the Ener-D project.
 Rex went to find Roman and found him in a lab, having just amputated his arm. Roman handed Rex a container with the arm and told Rex to do what it took to defeat him after the  Signers  appeared. He ordered Rex to leave and hit a self destruct button, which resulted in  Zero Reverse , so that he was reborn as a Dark Signer.
 
         Rex as the legendary man.     
 Rex survived the catastrophe but was left stranded in the Satellite area, which was now a recluded island. Rex constructed a  Duel Runner  and moved to a coastal part of  Satellite . Nobody knew or found out who he was at the time because he never took off his helmet. Every day he used to stare across the waters dividing Satellite and  New Domino City . One day, he began constructing a bridge to the city, hoping to find Roman.
 Initially, people thought he was crazy, but came to help him after a while, after seeing his progress and determination. Some people frowned at the idea and forced construction to halt. Rex became wanted by  Sector Security  and his helpers abandoned the project. Rex ended up cornered by Security one day. Rather than be caught and spend the rest of his life in jail, he rode his  Duel Runner  along the bridge and flew off to the other end of the sea. No one who saw him jump could figure out if he survived or not, nor what his real identity was, thus they regarded him as a legend, and the incomplete bridge was later named  Daedalus Bridge . 
 Goodwin managed to survive the jump off the bridge and made his way to the city, but lost his left arm in the process. Eventually, Goodwin replaced his arm with a mechanical one. Goodwin managed to make his way to becoming Director of  New Domino City  and  Sector Security , as well as leader of a cell within the secret organization known as  Iliaster , with  Lazar  as his all-purpose assistant. In order to make sure that the Dragon cards fell into the possession of their corresponding Signers, Goodwin released them to the public.
 Since the original  Ener-D  Reactor, located in Satellite, was the gateway to the Underworld, Satellite was to become the battlefield. Goodwin, aware of this, made it illegal for residents of Satellite to migrate to the city and refused to complete the Daedalus Bridge, as doing so would have dragged the people of New Domino City into the situation. Goodwin masqueraded his beliefs of class and plutocracy with utilitarianism, and said that everyone must work together to maintain the delicate balance between Satellite and New Domino City. Goodwin continued Ener-D research in New Domino and used it to power the city.  Zigzix  led the project, but operated under Goodwin's strict vigilance to ensure the new Ener-D doesn't overload again.
 Using his influence within the city, Goodwin began to locate the Signers. He found the  Satellite  resident,  Jack Atlas , who had a  Mark of the Dragon , and identified him as a Signer. Goodwin organized an escape plan for Jack, and promised him that he would live as a Duel King in New Domino. Jack complied, although it meant turning his back on and stealing from his friends. Jack apparently became Goodwin's protegé, but was really used for publicity and a tool in Goodwin's plans.
 
 Fortune Cup 
 After witnessing the appearance of the  Crimson Dragon  during  Yusei's  and Jack's Turbo Duel, he revealed his status to Jack as the 360th Star Guardian and informed Jack that he was a prophetical savior called a " Signer ". However, Goodwin concealed the whole truth from Jack. Goodwin believed that the truth would spark Jack's fire.
 Goodwin later arranged the  Fortune Cup , in the hopes of finding Signers by inviting participants randomly and inserting his own Dueling assassins who would expose a Signer upon Dueling one. Goodwin was shown to have control of nearly every aspect of the tournament either directly or through  Zigzix  and  Lazar . He also had a large string of backup plans should things not go his way: for example, upon discovering that  Leo  had substituted for his Signer sister in the tournament, he arranged a "consolation Duel" to in order to expose  Luna . 
 
         Rex catches the spike, revealing his mechanical arm.     
 Greiger , whose hometown had been destroyed, had been promised reconstruction aid to his hometown depending on how well he preformed in the  Fortune Cup . Greiger got misinformed that Goodwin was responsible for the village's destruction and after he lost to Yusei, he tried to attack Goodwin, which resulted in a spike from  his Duel Runner  flying off and Goodwin catching it, stunning Lazar. The spinning spike shreds Goodwin's glove and part of his suit revealing he had a mechanical left arm. Goodwin manages to calm down the audience while hiding the mechanical arm, then tells Jack that he had lost his arm in an accident years ago.
 During the Fortune Cup Final, while the other four Signers were in the premises, he used  Roman's  old arm with the 5th  Mark of the Dragon  to Summon the  Crimson Dragon . (In the dub, he referred to himself as the Fifth Signer). He was unconcerned when Jack lost to Yusei in the final round. Due to the appearance of the  Crimson Dragon  during the Duel, the public and media couldn't see how the Duel had ended. When the media questioned him about it, and stated that the public wasn't satisfied by the outcome of the Duel, he was able to avoid telling them the truth by claiming there was a malfunction with the Solid Vision.
 
 Dark Signers 
 Goodwin appeared at the premiere of the film  Atlas Rising . After assisting at opening event and talking to the people, he tried to leave but was stopped by  Angela Raines , who publicly questioned him about Jack being from Satellite.
 Goodwin and Lazar met Yusei on a bridge to in order to tell the boy "the truth". Goodwin told Yusei about the 5,000 year old battle between the Signers and Dark Signers, how the  Earthbound Immortals  got sealed in the  Nazca Lines  and how the Crimson Dragon divided itself into 5 parts, each sealed in a  Mark of the Dragon . When Yusei asked him why the battle had begun again, Rex told him about  Zero Reverse  and how it unleashed negative energy, which was also emitted from the  Nazca Lines  and now the Dark Signers plan to use the same  Ener-D  reactor from the Zero Reverse incident to open the door to the Underworld. In order to stop this, the Signers must defeat the Dark Signers.
 Yusei insisted on evacuating Satellite before this happened. Goodwin refused as the people in New Domino would become victims instead. Yusei angrily figured out that this was why Goodwin isolated Satellite. Goodwin told Yusei he must combine his powers with the other Signers in order to stop the Dark Signers. After Yusei asked who the Fifth Signer was, Goodwin says that he was destined to appear eventually. Goodwin arranged for Yusei to be airdropped into Satellite.
 Goodwin watched the first Duel between Yusei and  Kalin .
 After  Carly Carmine  became a Dark Signer, Lazar and Goodwin became aware of her presence and watched her Duel  Sayer  on a screen, in which they saw the Hummingbird  geoglyph  appear in the city. They also saw  Misty Tredwell  Duel around the same time and observe her Lizard geoglyph appear there as well.
 Rex later invited the Signers to his house to give them more information that concerned the Signers and Dark Signers. He told the Signers how they have been brought together by fate, more about the Dark Signer's powers and their use of the " Earthbound Immortals ". Reluctantly, he told them that a Dark Signer cannot return to their normal self as they were no longer of this world.
 After the  Black fog  incident in Satellite, Goodwin arranged for the Signers to return to Satellite to fulfill their mission. Before the Signers left, Yusei asked Goodwin to promise to finish the  Daedalus Bridge , once the Dark Signers threat had been eliminated, which Goodwin accepted.
 
         Goodwin dies in his brother's arms.     
 Rex met up with Roman and engaged in a Duel, and used his Duel Disk, which folded out of his mechanical arm. Rex lost on purpose, so that he was reborn as a Dark Signer. Rex told his brother that he knew he (Roman) couldn't defeat Yusei and if the Dark Signers lost the battle, then another battle would occur in the next 5,000 years. In his dying words, he told his brother that he intended to stop the chain of fate by taking on both the marks of a Signer and Dark Signer and create a new victor in the battle between good and evil. After a while,  Crow Hogan  found him in an old room. Rex informed Crow a little about the past before cutting him off by turning toward a sliding door. Later Rex returned back to New Domino City and back to the Sky Temple to collect Roman's arm.
 
         Goodwin as a Dark Signer.     
 Later, after  Akiza  failed to seal the Lizard control tower before sundown, the Condor Geoglyph appeared in the sky. Then, the Crimson Dragon appeared once again and guided the Signers to Goodwin. He revealed to them that he had acquired the powers of both a Signer and a Dark Signer, as Goodwin intended to become the Ultimate God and lay waste to the entire world using the  King of the Netherworld 's power. Then, by using the  Crimson Dragon 's power, he would remake the entire world in his image and under his rule. As the Condor mark on his back showed itself, he then removed Roman's preserved arm from the canister and attached it to himself and then declared that a  Shadow Turbo Duel  would be held within Condor Geoglyph as a ritual to welcome the  King of the Netherworld .
 Yusei, Jack, and  Crow  accepted the Duel in order to stop the resurrection of the Underworld Ruler. During the Duel, he revealed to them about how and why he became a Dark Signer. Shortly after the Duel began, Goodwin Summoned forth all the birthmarks together to form the Mark of the Dragon on his chest. He revealed the strongest of the Earthbound Immortals, " Wiraqocha Rasca ". He also revealed that he was the stranger from the Daedalus Bridge legend.
 
         Roman and Rex before passing on to the afterlife.     
 Ultimately, Rex lost to Yusei when his Earthbound Immortal was destroyed by " Majestic Star Dragon ", and the King of the Netherworld was destroyed by the  Crimson Dragon . The 5,000-year cycle of the Signers-Dark Signers war was broken, as Rex wielded a mark from both factions in the final battle. With their defeat, the Dark Signers were revived as their old selves, but Rex and Roman remained decided to remain in the Afterlife.
 
 Legacy 
         Yusei  thinking of Goodwin, just before he travels to the  Ark Cradle .     
 Even after Goodwin's defeat, his presence was still felt throughout certain parts of the series. It was shown that Goodwin had paid off strong Duelists to lose to  Jack  when Jack was King, with  Dragan  having been shown to be one of them.  Primo  compared the plan of the  Three Pure Nobles  to be similar to Goodwin's own, but without harnessing the power of the  Crimson Dragon . When  Yusei  prepared to travel to the  Ark Cradle , he prayed that Goodwin would guide him through this trial, and reflected that like Goodwin, he would ride over the unfinished Daedaelus Bridge in the hope of changing the future.
 
 Manga biography 
         Goodwin in the  manga .     
 Main article:  Rex Goodwin (manga) 
 The  manga  was set in an alternate universe than the anime and as such contained different events. Goodwin was still the Director of  New Domino City , and worked with  Mina Simington  and  Lazar . 
 
 Deck 
 Rex used an  Inca  Deck , which primarily focused on swarming the field to easily  Synchro Summon  his " Sun Dragon Inti " and " Moon Dragon Quilla " to being his sun and moon cycle, and also used cards like " Destruct Potion " to force their destruction alongside other benefits, and also allowed one to revive in the process. His Deck was spearheaded by his powerful " Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca " which he used alongside cards such as " Passion of Baimasse ", to cover its only weak spot and " Meteor Flare " in an attempt to perform a  One Turn Kill .
 
 
 Inca Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Oracle of the Sun 
 Weeping Idol 
 Tuner monsters 
 Fire Ant Ascator 
 Dark Tuner monsters 
 Dark Tuner Dark Goddess Witaka Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Sun Dragon Anti 
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 Moon Dragon Quilla Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Destruct Potion 
 Divine Wrath [Notes 1] 
 Meteor Flare 
 Mirror Force [Notes 1] 
 Offering to the Immortals 
 Passion of Baimasse 
 Solemn Judgment [Notes 1] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Roman Goodwin 
 56 ,  62 
 Lose
 
 
 Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas , and  Crow Hogan 
 62 - 64 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D  Les Personnages" .  http://www.canalj.fr/ .  http://www.canalj.fr/La-tele/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-5D/Details/Les-Personnages/Rex-Goodwin . Retrieved October 15, 2015 .   (French) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 149: " The Revived Hero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 4: " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 62: " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 63: " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 64: " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 [1] 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card is dropped in  episode 62  in a flashback. 
 
 
 v e 
Rex Goodwin pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 
 ↑   Deutsche Synchronkartei:  Felix Spieß 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/RexGodwin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20191016183732', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/GodwinLinework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150314095817', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Rex_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150314100843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Goodwin%27sName.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20130215015023', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/MIDS_Rex_and_Rudger.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090610205535', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/Young_Rex.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20090627155345', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/5Dx021_Goodwin_catches_the_spike.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090611005421', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/5Dx062_Rex_dies.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624184555', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/REXGODWIND.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090717143307', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/REXANDRUDGER.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624170112', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Spirit_of_Goodwin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101209113651', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Goodwin_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/120?cb=20100428153604']
Categories: Characters, Rex Goodwin pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters