Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_169


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 169 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 決断の代償! オブライエン炎の闇 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame 
 
 
 Number 
 169 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 9, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Volcanic Queen 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " 
 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame"  is the one hundred and sixty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 9, 2008.
 Axel  finds himself  Dueling   Trueman , who uses psychological warfare and hallucinations to create darkness in Axel's heart, while taking the appearance of Axel's own  father .
 
 Summary 
 Trueman  confronts  Axel  in  Domino City , with Axel asking what Trueman has done with the residents of Domino. Trueman responds by saying to ask him through a  Duel , and they activate their  Duel Disks . Axel activates a camera hidden in his Duel Disk to record the Duel, so a record of this incident will exist no matter the result. The Duel begins, and Trueman Summons " Dark Psycho Eye " via the effect of his " Dark Archetype ". Having received information from  Jaden Yuki  about Trueman's strategy, Axel is prepared with " Buster Trap ", which destroys a monster  Special Summoned  during the  Battle Phase . However, this plays right into  Trueman 's hands, as the effect of "Dark Psycho Eye" triggers upon its destruction, allowing Trueman to take control of Axel's " Volcanic Slicer ". This also triggers strange effects in Axel's mind, causing him to believe he's Dueling his own  father , not Trueman. Prior to the Duel, Trueman had taken the memory that Axel had of his father's Deck, and used his dark powers to copy its contents and mix it with some of his own cards, furthering the masquerade.
 Trueman tells Axel to calm down and make his decisions wisely, which is something Axel's father had always told him. He also suggests that Axel is being calm in this Duel - like the time he left his own mother to die on a mountain. Trueman plays " Firewall ", " Flame Wall " and " Volcanic Wall ", which is a combo that Axel's father had once taught him during training. With this, he is able to  negate   direct attacks ,  effect damage  and deal damage to Axel by sending the top cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard . Axel decides to break the combo by depleting the number of  Pyro - type  monsters in Trueman's Graveyard, so that "Firewall" cannot activate. Axel  Sets  " Volcanic Mine " and " Switch Off ", the former would allow him to Special Summon " Bomb Tokens " to Trueman's field, which all be destroyed if " Volcanic Doomfire " attacks, while the latter would let him negate the effect of a  Continuous Spell  or  Trap Card  like "Flame Wall", which would let the effect damage from the destruction of the "Bomb Tokens" defeat Trueman.
 
       Axel 's parents.     
 Trueman again makes reference to the death of Axel's mother. He Summons " Volcanic Queen " to Axel's side of the field. Axel remembers the time of the mountain, his family have crashed their van, setting the area around them on fire. Axel was the only one out of his family still conscious, and he had to choose between saving his mother or saving his father, knowing he only had time to get one of them out alive. Trueman then plays " The Unchosen One ", forcing Axel to choose between saving his "Volcanic Doomfire" or "Volcanic Queen". He chooses "Volcanic Doomfire", which Trueman states mirrors Axel's decision on the mountain - he chose to save his father, not his mother. "The Unchosen One" also thwarts Axel's strategy by destroying his face-down cards and Special Summons "Volcanic Queen" to Trueman's side of the field.
 The psychological effects that this decision has on Axel are profound, and he believes he should have simply let himself and both of his parents die rather than choose. Ultimately, Trueman defeats him using " Volcanic Curse " to increase the ATK of "Volcanic Queen" after Axel attacked it with "Volcanic Doomfire". Axel is absorbed into the  World of Darkness , and Trueman takes his true form again, and crushes Axel's Duel Disk under his feet, destroying the camera within it. It then shows both of Axel's parents in a mountain hut, alive and well, and reading a letter from Axel. Trueman now takes Axel's form and arrives at the hut, telling his parents that though his father regained consciousness and saved them all, Axel had made the decision on who to save before that had happened. Had his father not revived himself, he would have saved him and left his mother to die. Jaden arrives in Domino, trying to contact Axel via cell phone. Instead, he encounters numerous clones of Axel, who surround him.
 
 Featured Duel: Axel Brodie vs. Trueman 
 Turn 1: Axel 
Axel draws " Volcanic Slicer " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1800/1200) in  Attack Position . He then activates the effect of "Volcanic Slicer" to inflict 500  damage  to  Trueman  (Trueman 4000 → 3500) at the cost of forbidding "Volcanic Slicer" from attacking this turn. Axel  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Trueman 
Trueman draws " Dark Archetype " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/400) in Attack Position. "Dark Archetype" attacks "Volcanic Slicer". The latter monster then destroys "Dark Archetype" (Trueman 3500 → 3100). Since "Dark Archetype" was destroyed by battle, its effect activates, letting Trueman send " Volcanic Blaster " from his hand to the Graveyard and  Special Summon  " Dark Psycho Eye " (400/1100) in Attack Position. 
 Axel  activates his face-down " Buster Trap " to destroy "Dark Psycho Eye" and end the Battle Phase. Since "Dark Psycho Eye" was destroyed, its effect activates, letting Trueman take control of "Volcanic Slicer". Trueman activates the effect of "Volcanic Slicer" (Axel 4000 → 3500). Trueman sets a card. On Trueman's  End Phase , "Volcanic Slicer" returns to Axel's side of the field.
 Turn 3: Axel 
Axel draws. "Volcanic Slicer" attacks  directly  but Trueman activates his face-down " Firewall ". Now if Axel attacks directly, Trueman can  remove from play  a  Pyro -Type monster from his  Graveyard  and  negate  the attack. During each of Trueman's Standby Phases, he must either pay 500 Life Points or destroy "Firewall". Trueman activates the effect of "Firewall" by removing from play "Volcanic Blaster" from his Graveyard.
 Turn 4: Trueman 
Trueman draws an unknown Spell Card. On Trueman's Standby Phase, he  pays  500  Life Points  to keep "Firewall" in play (Trueman 3100 → 2600). He then activates " Flame Wall ". Now all  Effect Damage  to Trueman will become 0 while "Flame Wall" is  face-up  on the field. 
 Trueman then activates " Volcanic Wall ". Now once a turn, Trueman can send the top three cards of his Deck to the Graveyard and inflict 500 damage to Axel for each  Pyro -Type monster sent this way. If this effect is used, Trueman can't declare an attack for one turn. Trueman activates the effect of "Volcanic Wall" and he reveals his top three cards to be " Volcanic Rat ", " Volcanic Cyclone " and " Volcanic Shell " (Axel 3500 → 2500).
 Turn 5: Axel 
Axel draws " Tri-Blaze Accelerator ". Axel's hand contains "Switch Off", "Big Volcano",  Volcanic Mine ", " Volcanic Doomfire ", and " Blaze Accelerator ". Axel activates "Blaze Accelerator" and sends the latter to the Graveyard in order to activate "Tri-Blaze Accelerator". Axel then sends "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" to the Graveyard in order to Special Summon "Volcanic Doomfire" (3000/1800) in Attack Position. 
 "Volcanic Slicer" and "Volcanic Doomfire" attack directly, but Trueman activates the effect of "Firewall" twice by removing from play "Volcanic Rat" and "Volcanic Shell" from his Graveyard. Axel sets two cards (" Switch Off " and "Volcanic Mine"). Axel intends to activate "Volcanic Mine" to Special Summon five " Bomb Tokens " to Trueman's side of the field. He will then activate "Switch Off" to negate the effects of "Flame Wall" until the End Phase and switch one Bomb Token to Attack Position. Once "Volcanic Doomfire" attacks and destroys the Attack Position token, the effect of "Volcanic Doomfire" will destroy the remaining Bomb Tokens and inflict 2000 damage to Trueman.
 Turn 6: Trueman 
Trueman draws. On Trueman's Standby Phase, he pays 500 Life Points to keep "Firewall" in play (Trueman 2600 → 2100). Trueman then  Tributes  Axel's "Volcanic Slicer" in order to Special Summon " Volcanic Queen " (2500/1200) to Axel's side of the field in Attack Position. He then activates " The Unchosen One " to make Axel select one monster on his side of the field. The selected monster will remain on the field, but all other cards are destroyed. Axel selects "Volcanic Doomfire", so his Set cards and "Volcanic Queen" are destroyed. Trueman then activates the second effect of "The Unchosen One" to Special Summon "Volcanic Queen" (2500/1200) from his Graveyard in Attack Position.
 Trueman then activates the effect of "Volcanic Wall" and he reveals his top three cards to be " Volcanic Hammerer ", " Bonfire " and "Volcanic Rat" (Axel 2500 → 1500). Trueman then activates the effect of "Volcanic Queen" to send "Flame Wall" to the Graveyard and inflict 1000 damage to Axel (Axel 1500 → 500). Trueman sets a card. On Trueman's  End Phase , he takes 1000 damage as he didn't Tribute a monster besides "Volcanic Queen" (Trueman 2100 → 1100).
 Turn 7: Axel 
Axel draws " Volcanic Scattershot ". He then activates " Big Volcano " to send "Volcanic Scattershot" from his hand to the Graveyard and Special Summon "Volcanic Rat" (500/500) and "Volcanic Hammerer" (2400/1500) from Trueman's Graveyard to his side of the field. Trueman chooses for his newly summoned monsters to be summoned in Defense Position. Since "Volcanic Scattershot" was sent to the Graveyard, Trueman takes 500 damage (Trueman 1100 → 600). 
 "Volcanic Doomfire" attacks "Volcanic Queen" (If the attack succeeds, the second effect of "Volcanic Doomfire" will destroy all of Trueman's remaining monsters and inflict 500 damage for each one destroyed), but Trueman activates his face-down " Volcanic Curse " to increase the ATK of "Volcanic Queen" by 500 for each Pyro-type monster in both players' Graveyard. There are currently two in Axel's Graveyard ("Volcanic Queen": 2500 → 3500/1200). "Volcanic Queen" destroys "Volcanic Doomfire" (Axel 500 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Axel Brodie Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Scattershot 
 Volcanic Slicer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Volcano 
 Blaze Accelerator 
 Tri-Blaze Accelerator 
 Traps 
 Buster Trap 
 Switch Off 
 Volcanic Mine 
 
 Trueman Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Volcanic Rat  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Archetype 
 Dark Psycho Eye 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Queen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bonfire 
 Flame Wall 
 The Unchosen One 
 Volcanic Cyclone 
 Volcanic Wall 
 Traps 
 Firewall 
 Volcanic Curse 
 
 Axel's flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Effect Monsters 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Shell Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flame Wall 
 Volcanic Wall 
 Traps 
 Firewall 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Series169.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080105170505', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Axel_Brodie%27s_Parents.png/revision/latest?cb=20100616074837']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes