Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Star_Chips


 This article  needs additional citations for verification .   Please help  improve this article  by adding reliable references.   
       Star Chips.     
 Star Chips  were star-shaped, golden-colored trinkets used in the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament. At the beginning of the tournament, each invited  Duelist  received 2 Star Chips and a  Dueling Gauntlet  with 10 slots to hold them. Duelists waged their Star Chips in  Duels  against each other, with the loser handing over the wagered Star Chips. If a Duelist ran out of Star Chips, they were disqualified; exchanging Star Chips outside of a Duel was a violation of the rules, and being caught would also result in disqualification. If a Duelist won 10 Star Chips, they could use them as a "key" for the front gate of  Pegasus Castle , where the finals were held. 
 Originally,  Joey Wheeler  and  Bandit Keith  did not have any Star Chips nor Dueling Gauntlet, as they were stowaway participants, but got their hands on both requirements in their own ways to enter the castle. 
 Seto Kaiba , being a "special guest", was given the five Star Chips stolen by his brother  Mokuba Kaiba  and confiscated by  Kemo . (In the  anime , Pegasus gave Seto five extra Star Chips out of his own supply, as the ones Mokuba stole were thrown into the ocean.)
 Eliminators , like  PaniK , were able to hold far more than the standard 10 Star Chips, as they possessed a much larger Dueling Gauntlet on each arm. There were 80 Star Chips issued to players in total, and the Eliminators were assigned to retrieve 40 of them to ensure that it would be impossible for more than four finalists to enter the castle.
 
 Video Games 
 Star Chips are used in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  as rewards for how well the player does in a Duel. The Chips are also used for Password Cards, where the player can input the  Passcode  for a card, and the the player must then pay up the amount of chips needed to "buy" the card. Some monsters require little, such as " Dancing Elf ", which requires 10 Star Chips, while others, such as " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " require 999,999 Star Chips. Cards can only be purchased at the  Passcode  screen and not in the card shop.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB  Star Chips are used as currency and anted on duels, with a certain number required to progress on each floor of the tower. They can he spent to buy new Capsule Monsters, and in the postgame spending 98 of them in the basement's machine after rescuing all of Yugi's friends will get you a Yugi figurine.
 
       A Star Chip in  Over the Nexus .     
 Star Chips are bonus items in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus , where they can be traded for special items, including  Academia Disks , other outfits, and even  Kalin Kessler 's  Duel Runner ,  Giganto L . They can be found by investigating certain locations in Story Mode, or earned after beating a new opponent in the Free Duel mode.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links , Star Chips were used as a currency during the  Welcome to Toon World  event, and were used to Duel  Maximillion Pegasus . After the event ended, unspent Star Chips were converted to Gold.
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/Question_book-new.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20110308005638', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Starchips.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121205022152', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/StarChip-WC11.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110723141723']
Categories: Articles needing additional references, Currencies, Tournament wager items