Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Rulings:Apocatequil


 Apocatequil 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   TCG Rulings 
 
 1.1   Mentions in Other Rulings 
 
 
 2   OCG Rulings 
 3   References 
 
 
 TCG Rulings 
 The effect to  Special Summon  1 " Oracle of the Sun "  targets  the " Oracle of the Sun ." [1] 
 This effect to  Special Summon  activates even during the  Damage Step . [1] 
 If " Apocatequil " is  Level  5 due to its effect and you choose to lower it to  Special Summon  " Level Eater ," " Apocatequil " becomes  Level  4. If the  Tuner  is removed from the field, it becomes  Level  3. If you  Summon  another  Tuner , " Apocatequil " becomes  Level  5 again. [1] 
 Mentions in Other Rulings 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction : Destroying the monsters and increasing the  ATK  of " Garlandolf, King of Destruction " occur simultaneously. If " Apocatequil " is destroyed by this effect, you can activate its effect. 
 OCG Rulings 
 The effect of " Apocatequil " will  activate  even if " Apocatequil " is destroyed during the  Damage Step . [2] 
 The effect of " Apocatequil " which  Special Summons  " Oracle of the Sun "  targets  one " Oracle of the Sun " in your  Graveyard . [2] 
 If " Apocatequil " is face-down on the field and is destroyed by a card effect while it is face-down, then you can still Special Summon a " Oracle of the Sun " from your Graveyard. [3] 
 If " Apocatequil " is being treated as  Level  5 and its Level is lowered by 1 by the effect of " Level Eater ", then the Level of " Apocatequil " becomes 4.  Afterwards, if all  Tuner monsters  are removed from the field, then the Level of " Apocatequil " becomes 3.  Furthermore, if a  Tuner monster  is later Normal Summoned to the field, then the Level of " Apocatequil " will become 5 again. [4] 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Konami Gameplay FAQ : Absolute Powerforce - Card Rulings (Version 1.0) 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Konami FAQ : Effect Monster > Apocatequil 
 
 ↑   Konami FAQ : Can "Oracle of the Sun" be Special Summoned if "Apocatequil" is destroyed while face-down? 
 
 ↑   Konami FAQ : If you target "Apocatequil" to Special Summon "Level Eater", then what does the Level of "Apocatequil"? 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Rulings