Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_176


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 心の闇を撃て！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kokoro no Yami wo Ute! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Defeat the Darkness of the Heart! 
 
 
 English 
 Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 176 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 22, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 April 30, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " 
 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Rafael's Graveyard 
 2   Breaking free 
 3   Featured Duel: Rafael vs. Yami Yugi - Part 3 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Differences in Adaptations 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Rafael's Graveyard 
 When  Yami Yugi   activates  " Underworld Circle ", a thick layer of purplish fog surrounds the dome of " The Seal of Orichalcos " from the outside  and transports  Rafael  and Yami Yugi to a vision of Rafael's past. 
 This Graveyard is the location where Rafael's family is buried (in the dub, Rafael explains to Yami Yugi he recognizes the graveyard, but does not say any other importance about it). The tombstones read the names of ' Julian ' and ' Sonia ', Rafael's little brother and sister lost during a storm during his childhood (in the dub, the names on the gravestones are replaced with the "Orichalcos" symbol). When Rafael meets  Dartz , the latter tells him to dig the ground with his hands and unearth his family's remains (in the dub he's told to accept his future and his family had forgotten him). Eatos appears and takes the skulls from Rafael while Rafael's back is turned, throws a  Chaos Duel Disk  into the hole, for Rafael to pick up (in the dub, Rafael just finds the Chaos Duel Disk in the ground. Also, Eatos only appears to try to prevent Rafael from using the Duel Disk). 
 Rafael uses the "Seal" for the first time and "Eatos" is turned into the horrific " Guardian Dreadscythe ". Dartz tells him that this monster has been born out of Rafael's dark heart. 
 Breaking free 
 The  Duel  keeps on and Yami Yugi uses a combination of " The Claw of Hermos " and " Guardian Eatos " to get rid of the 'immortality' which "Dreadscythe" claims to have. 
 Guided by "Eatos", Rafael removes all of his monsters out of his  Graveyard  through both " Underworld Circle " and " Soul Charge ". However by using "Soul Charge", he takes 1500 damage (500 for each monster he resurrected), thereby conceding defeat. However, since he is shown a vision of being reunited with both his  monsters  and his family, the 'Darkness' in his heart temporarily vanishes, making the "Orichalcos" fragment shatter and the "Seal" dissolve without claiming Rafael's soul. Since Yami Yugi won the  Duel , he regains his "King of Games" title.  Kaiba  now seeks to have said title. 
 However, just as dawn begins to emerge, the whole Paradius Inc. building begins to shake. Something's happening. 
 Featured Duel: Rafael vs. Yami Yugi - Part 3 
 Duel continues from previous episode. 
 Yami Yugi has 300  Life Points  remaining and controls "Underworld Circle".
 Rafael has 1200 Life Points remaining and controls " The Seal of Orichalcos ", "Guardian Treasure" and two set cards.
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  has just  activated  " Underworld Circle " to destroy all  monsters  on the  field . A purplish fog surrounds the  Duel Arena  transporting  Rafael  and Yami Yugi to a Graveyard, a vision of Rafael's past. Due to the effect of "Underworld Circle", both players remove all  monsters  in their  hand  and  Deck  from play. For the remainder of the  Duel , both Players can only  Special Summon  a monster from their respective  Graveyards  during each Player's  Main Phase 1 . Also if a monster is destroyed, it is  removed from play  instead of being sent to the Graveyard. 
 The last effect of " Guardian Dreadscythe " activates, which 'obligates' Rafael to discard a card and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed (by "Underworld Circle"). The second effect of "Dreadscythe" prohibits Rafael from  Normal  or  Special Summoning   monsters ; therefore, he 'must' also forego using the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  any other monsters. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 17: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of " Guardian Treasure ", Rafael draws one extra card. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Jack's Knight " from his Graveyard (1900/1000) in  Attack Position . "Guardian Dreadscythe"  attacks  "Dark Magician", but Yami Yugi  activates  his face-down " Zero Gravity " to switch the  Battle Positions  of all  face-up   monsters ; all  face-up  monsters switch to  Defense Position .  Rafael  activates his  face-down  " Spirit Hunting " to switch "Guardian Dreadscythe" to  Attack Position  and destroy all  Defense Position  monsters Yami Yugi controls. 
 Turn 18: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. Yami Yugi then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  "Dark Magician Girl" (2000/1700) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position . He then activates " Altar of Restoration " to  remove  the top two Cards of his  Deck  from play and add " The Eye of Timaeus " from his  Graveyard  to his  hand . Yami Yugi then activates "The Eye of Timaeus" to fuse the latter with "Dark Magician Girl" and Special Summon " Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight " (2600/1700) in  Attack Position . 
 "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" then attacks "Guardian Dreadscythe". Yami Yugi then activates the effect of "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" to discard a card from his hand and destroy "Guardian Dreadscythe" at the start of the Damage Step without applying  damage calculation . The last effect of "Guardian Dreadscythe" then activates, which 'obligates'  Rafael  to discard a card from his  hand  and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed. Yami Yugi then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 19: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. Yami Yugi uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Queen's Knight " (1500/1600) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position .  Rafael  discards " Monster Reborn " in order to activate " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing ", equipping it to "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight" and  negating  its effects. "Guardian Dreadscythe"  attacks  and  destroys  "Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight", but Yami Yugi  activates  his  face-down  " Reduction Barrier " to reduce the  damage  he would take by 1/10 ( Yami Yugi  300 → 10).
 Turn 20: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. Yami Yugi then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) from his  Graveyard  in  Defense Position . He then activates " Pot of Greed " to  draw  two Cards ("Spider Web" and " The Claw of Hermos "). Yami Yugi then  activates  " Spider Web " to add the "Monster Reborn" in Rafael's  Graveyard  to his  hand .
 Yami Yugi then activates "Monster Reborn" to revive " Guardian Eatos " (2500/2000) in  Attack Position  under his control which decreases Guardian Dreadscyte's ATK by 500 because Eatos is removed from Rafael's graveyard ("Guardian Dreadscythe": 5500 → 5000/0). Yami Yugi then  activates  "The Claw of Hermos" to fuse the latter with "Queen's Knight" and form " Goddess Bow ". Yami Yugi then equips "Goddess Bow" onto "Guardian Eatos", doubling its  ATK  ("Guardian Eatos": 2500 → 5000/2000). 
 "Guardian Eatos"  attacks  "Guardian Dreadscythe". The last effect of "Guardian Dreadscythe" then activates, which 'obligates' Rafael to discard a card and prevent "Guardian Dreadscythe" from being destroyed. Since "Guardian Eatos" battled a monster that had the same  ATK  as it and it wasn't destroyed due to its effect, Yami activates the second effect of "Goddess Bow" to prevent "Eatos" from being destroyed and allow "Eatos" to attack once again this turn. This chain is repeated six times, depleting Rafael's hand until he has no more cards in his hand. After Rafael runs out of cards in his hand, "Dreadscythe" and "Eatos" are destroyed in a  Double KO .
 Turn 21: Rafael 
Rafael draws. Due to the effect of "Guardian Treasure", Rafael draws one extra card. Rafael then uses the effect of "Underworld Circle" to  Special Summon  " Guardian Grarl " from his Graveyard (2500 → 3000/1000) in  Attack Position . He then activates " Soul Charge " to  Special Summon  " Guardian Elma " (1300 → 1800/1200), " Guardian Kay'est " (1000 → 1500/1800) and " Backup Gardna " (500 → 1000/2200) from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position  at the cost of not being allowed to use the Summoned monsters for attacking this turn. By using "Soul Charge", Rafael was able to empty his  Graveyard  of monsters and resurrect his trusted  Guardians . However, Rafael takes 500 damage for each monster that he Special Summoned this way ( Rafael  1200 → 0).
 
 Trivia 
 Overall, it's a debate as to who would have won their rematch had Rafael not surrendered. Fans speculate, however, that the focus of the episode was about bringing Rafael to his senses. However, Yami Yugi could have won had he used Underworld Circle to bring back King's Knight instead of Big Shield Gardna, then attacked Rafael directly with it once Dreadscythe was destroyed, thus winning the Duel, as Rafael had no cards on the Field that could protect him and only 1200 Life Points left. 
 Differences in Adaptations 
 The flashbacks to Rafael's past is changed drastically in the dubbed version - the text on the graves is instead replaced with "The Seal of Orichalcos", the references to his family changed to they forgot him and the scene of him digging up the two skulls is removed. The shots of "Guardian Eatos" holding the skulls are inconsistently edited - the scene of her taking the skulls and the skulls vanishing when the Seal is activated are cut, but two scenes in the dub clearly show her holding the skulls. 
 The arrows fired by "Goddess Bow" are made to be glowing when they strike "Guardian Dreadscythe" in an attempt to obscure them. 
 The Sword of Sealing piercing Timaeus' foot is obscured. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guardian Dreadscythe  (Spirit) 
 Guardian Eatos  (Card/Spirit) 
 Guardian Grarl  (Card/Spirit) 
 Guardian Kay'est  (Card/Spirit) Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 
 Rafael Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Gardna 
 Guardian Dreadscythe 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Guardian Elma 
 Guardian Grarl 
 Guardian Kay'est Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Guardian Treasure 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 1] 
 Orichalcos Sword of Sealing 
 Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe 
 Soul Charge 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Traps 
 Spirit Hunting 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Jack's Knight 
 Queen's Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Dark Magician Girl Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight 
 Legendary Dragons 
 
 The Claw of Hermos 
 The Eye of Timaeus Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Altar of Restoration 
 Pot of Greed 
 Spider Web 
 Underworld Circle 
 Hermos Fusions 
 
 Goddess Bow 
 Traps 
 Reduction Barrier 
 Zero Gravity 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Rafael  discarded  this card in order to  activate  " Orichalcos Sword of Sealing ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/Yugioh176.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121226173426']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes