Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Movie:_Pyramid_of_Light


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 This page reads that the Japenese name for Monster Reborn is Death Reborn, although I have seen it mentioned several times before that the Japenese name for Monster Reborn is Raise Dead.
 I feel that Anubis did not have to pay any LP to Sp. Summon his sphinx cards because he would have won if they had their effects. They were just monsters that Anubis was playing. Not to mention it never showed their ATK/DEF power.  User: Vermon CaTaffy 8 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Canon 
 2   About mistakes 
 3   Number 2 
 4   Mage Power 
 5   Article mistakes 
 6   Canon 
 7   Title 
 
 
 Canon 
 It mentioned that Anubis was not seen in the  Dawn of the Duel  arc, and is used as evidence that Anubis doesn't exist in Canon. Dawn of the Duel does not show  Atem's  entire reign. Just because he wasn't seen in Dawn of the Duel does not meant he didn't exist at all. (Note: I'm not defending his canonity, but pointing out that his non-appearance in Dawn of the Duel doesn't prove anything.)
 
I belive the guy that created Yugioh say originally he was going to use Anubis in place of Zork in the Manga in the Past
 I belive the Movie is to show that the had plan on Anubis being the one behind everthing in the past not Zork  but when it came down to it he used Zork for the Books  so in a way yes its a Canon and away he is not a Canon he in the story
 I think it should be noted that he would have taken the place of Zork
 
 About mistakes 
 Pegasus played Ultimate Offering to summon more Toon monsters  without sacrifice , at the cost of 500 Life points per Tributed monster
 
 That is actually because he had already played  Cost Down  at the beginning of the turn, which decreases the levels of all  Monster Cards  in his hands by 2 stars during the  entire  turn and not just for one summon. So, he summoned  Toon Dark Magician Girl  and  Toon Summoned Skull  without sacrifices, and sacrificed only 1 Monster ( Toon Gemini Elf ) to summon  Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon . Yep, all of that in 1 turn. (Note: That in real life he didn't need to use  Ultimate Offering  at all, but this is due to a recent  Errata  that made it clear that some  Toon Monsters  are  Special Summoned  rather than  Normal Summoned ) --  Melik el-Al'ab  19:17, 29 December 2008 (UTC) 
 When they show two copies of Ra Yugi only owns one while in Yu-Gi-Oh GX there is another copy of Ra not owned by Yugi.
 
 Number 2 
 And about the Seconde Movie that would be on the screen this year ? Finaly, cancelled ?  Yamimillenium  23:15, 29 March 2009 (UTC)
 
 It was just a rumour/hoax. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 23:51, 29 March 2009 (UTC)
 I hope they'll make another one, 'cause the first one was too simple... only 2 duels... no(t really) actions... We we'll see... maybe a 5D's movie...  Yamimillenium  21:34, 30 March 2009 (UTC) 
 Mage Power 
 Magician's Valkyria should gain ATK&DEF because of Mage Power's effect. Was it a mistake or did you not put on their since it didn't matter anyway?
 
 Article mistakes 
 There is alot said about duel mistakes like this "When Kaiba and Anubis argue over how to defeat Yami Yugi, they both mention they could win the duel there and then, but with the way the field looked, there's no way Kaiba could have won on that very same turn. "
 That's totally wrong. The effects of cards in the series are often not the same as in real life. So Kaiba would have won the duel if Anubis would have  let him duelto the end.-- 77.13.148.152  ( talk ) 10:38, December 13, 2011 (UTC)
 
 I don't think the card's effect differences would necessarily change whether or not Kaiba would've won that same turn had he chose to attack. I'll have to look and see.  Lord Grammaticus  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:42, December 13, 2011 (UTC) 
 Canon 
 Getting tired of this, so I'm bringing it here. How is this movie canon? Anubis has never been mentioned outside the film, and wikipedia says it's canon without linking to any source.  Shardsilver  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:22, March 14, 2014 (UTC)
 
 It's not canon. It even offers a different interpretation of Yugi completing the Millennium Puzzle. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:28, March 14, 2014 (UTC) 
 Title 
 So everywhere on the site, it seems English names are used by default, but for some reason, this movie title is the exception... Even though the Japanese title is actually  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light  ( Yu-Gi-Oh! Pyramid of Light  is just a made up name for this page). For constancy just call it by its actual title on the poster, merchandise, home release, promotional material, etc. --  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie . I understand that this might be confusing with the page  Yu-Gi-Oh! (1999 flim) , but that page also has a made up name; it was actually only titled just  Yu-Gi-Oh! . - SlashMan  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:28, July 19, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Reviving this discussion. The only notable instance of the subtitle "Pyramid of Light" is in the Japanese title, but the actual title used was Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters: Pyramid of Light. Though it's worth mentioning that XBrain130 found a clip from an ad spot that contains the text "Pyramid of Light" (albeit not with the full title). 
 Anyways, I figure the page should be changed to reflect the way it's always been promoted - Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie. It's presented as such in the trailer, in the film, on the poster, on the DVD, as well as the official website, for which an archive has been provided: 
 http://web.archive.org/web/20040727073809/http://yugioh.warnerbros.com:80/ 
 - SlashMan  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:05, July 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 Note that the actual movie uses "Pyramid of Light". So I'm fine with it being named like that, because that's what the  actual  movie says (despite the merchandise, etc. not using it), even though it doesn't show it fully. It's also how people usually refer to it, and since it's not wrong, I don't see why we need to change it.  Becasita   Pendulum   ( talk  •  contribs )  11:26, July 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 I don't think the title card alone is enough to outweigh everything else. If it was saying "this is the official name of the film", I'd expect at least one other official source to call it that. I can't see any reason every piece of official English-language media would call it  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie  other than it being the official English name of the film. 
 As for the name people more commonly use, I'm pretty sure I didn't hear anyone calling the movie  Pyramid of Light  around the time it was released. If I hadn't seen the title used here or on Wikipedia, I don't think I ever would have thought it to be the name. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 21:51, July 17, 2017 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: