Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Names:Blue-Eyes_White_Dragon


 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Anime Bandai Bandai Bandai Sealdass Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Labyrinth Battle Game Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters Collectible Figure Game Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 4: Battle of Great Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters (video game) 
 
 In the Spanish dub of the anime, this card was known as "Dragón Blanco de Ojos Azules" and "Dragón Blanco Ojiazul". 
 In the Japanese anime, this card was called "Blue-Eyes Dragon." 
 When  Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie: Pyramid of Light  debuted in the Middle East it was customarily given Arabic subtitles. The subtitles were full of mistakes. One of them was the mistranslation of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon's" name to "Green-Eyes White Dragon" (التنين الأبيض أخضر العينين). As is the case with many  poor English  fan subbing of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  anime, since 「青」 can mean blue, green or black. 
 In the Swedish dub of the anime, this card's name wasn't changed from its English. However, directly translated it should have been "Blåa-Ögon Vit Drake". 
 Arabic dub name:  Al-Tinnīn al-Abyaḍ Azraq al-‘Aynayn  (التنين الأبيض أزرق العينين) =  Blue-Eyed White Dragon .
 Alternate Arabic dub name:  Al-Tinnīn Blū Ãyz al-Abyad  (التنين بلو آيز الأبيض) =  White Dragon "Blue-Eyes" . This name was used only in the first episode of the  Virtual World  saga. 
 Arabic sub name (Pyramid of Light):  Al-Tinnīn al-Abyaḍ Akhḍar al-‘Aynayn  (التنين الأبيض أخضر العينين) =  Green-Eyes White Dragon . 
 In the Bulgarian translation of the anime, it was translated as Blue-Eyed White Dragon ( Синеок Бял Дракон ) 
 While being called „Blauäugiger W. Drache“ (" Blue-Eyed W. Dragon ", with the „W.“ being a contraction of „Weißer“/“White”) in the German translation of the  TCG , in the German version of the anime and The Pyramid of Light movie this card was given the longer name of „Weißer Drache mit Eiskaltem Blick“ (lit. “White Dragon with the Ice-cold Stare”), a name with a total of nine syllables (compared with the English name’s five syllables and the German TCG name’s eight syllables). While probably changed in an intend match the original Japanese tempo more closely (as ブルーアイズ・ホワイト・ドラゴン actually consists of even more syllables), this lead to the name being pronounced unnaturally fast in some instances. For other “Blue-Eyes” related cards the German dub used variations (or contractions) on the official German TCG names instead.
 In the German dub of The Dark Side of Dimensions movie, the card was then called „Blauäugiger Weißer Drache“ (“ Blue-Eyed White Dragon ”), to match the TCG. 
 In the Croatian version of the anime, this card was first named "Blue-eyes Blueish Sky Dragon", and was later named "Blue-eyes Blueish Dragon" in all other namings during the first season. Afterwards, during the  Battle City  arc, with the many changes of voice actors and namings, this card regains it's correct translated name. 
 In the Hungarian dub of the Duel Monsters and Zexal anime, this card was named "Kékszemű Hósárkány" (Blue-Eyed Snow Dragon). However, in the GX anime, it was called "Kékszemű Fehérsárkány" (Blue-Eyed White Dragon). 
 In  Serbian  anime dub, his name is translated as  Плави Плавооки Змај  (Eng.  Blue Blue Eyed Dragon,  because of Dragon's blue color). 
 According to  Bosnian  translation, croatian and serbian dub, the name of this card is trasnlated as "Plavi plavooki zmaj" ili "Plavi Plavooki Nebeski Zmaj" 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Names