Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_032


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 032 
 
 
 
 
 At the show's climax, both  Yuya  and  Sylvio  dive for  Action Cards . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 熱 戦 ！ エンタメデュエルショー！！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Nessen! Entame Dyueru Shō!! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 White-Hot Battle! Entertainment Duel Show!! 
 
 
 English 
 The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 032 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 16, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 13, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 6, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 February 19, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Hirota Mitsutaka 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuya Kawamura 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2" , known as " White-Hot Battle! Entertainment Duel Show!! " in the Japanese version, is the thirty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 16, 2014 and in Australia on December 13, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on January 1, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 29, 2016. 
 The Duel between  Yuya  and  Sylvio , who is thirsty for revenge, continues. Yuya is facing a tough battle with his  Pendulum Summons  sealed away. Even though he attempts to drive Sylvio to a corner with his new methods, on the other hand an all-out attack against him begins...!?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Notes 
 3   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
       Sylvio and his "Yosenju" monsters.     
 Yuya  runs up the hill around the " Sunset Stronghold ", as  Nico Smiley  calls the events truly earth-shaking. While rumor had it that only Yuya could  Pendulum Summon ,  Sylvio  has successfully executed the Summon. And with no cards in his hand and his own cards returned to his Deck by the "Yosen Lost Tornado" combo, just what will Yuya do? One of the boys in the crowd admits that he only came to see a Pendulum Summon, but this is turning out to be amazing. His friend replies that he never thought that the both of them would be Pendulum Summoning (in the dub, they feel that Yuya will lose this Duel).  Zuzu ,  Gong  and the kids shout encouragement at Yuya, while  Shay  watches from the sidelines. Sylvio, meanwhile, commends Yuya for not giving up and looking for hope in  Action Cards , but all that remains for him is despair. He draws as Yuya bounds across boards supported by ropes. Sylvio Summons " Yosenju Kama 1 " from his hand, and then with its successful Summon he Summons " Yosenju Kama 2 " from his hand. Then, with the effect of "Kama 2", he Summons " Yosenju Kama 3 ". This activates the effect of " Yosen Training Grounds ", which gains a " Yosen Counter " for every " Yosenju " monster that is  Normal  or  Special Summoned . He comments that while Yuya has been running around looking for Action Cards, Sylvio has everything Set up. Yuya runs into a section of the ruined castle itself, looping around a hole in the floor as he looks for Action Cards. Sylvio smirks, thinking that he knows what Yuya is up to; Yuya is trying to bluff him with his two  Set  cards, but that isn't happening. He can't return face-down cards with the effect of "Kama 1", but instead activates the  Pendulum Effect  of " Yosenju Shinchu R ", which increases its  Pendulum Scale  from 5 to 11 when there is another "Yosenju" card in his other  Pendulum Zone . With this, Sylvio is able to Summon multiple monsters from  Levels   4  to  10 , and as the crowd cheer and Yuya runs up the castle stairs, Sylvio declares a Pendulum Summon. The portal opens and disgorges the tornado as Sylvio chants "O wind-clad chief of phantoms! Gouge these lands with your raging cloak! Come forth,  Mayosenju Daibak ! (in the dub: "So rise once again, Mayosenju Daibak!")" This lights another "Yosen Counter" on "Yosen Training Grounds". Zuzu wonders what Yuya is going to do, but then Sylvio reveals that the effect of "Daibak" works even on Set cards.  Skip  realizes in horror that Sylvio is going to wipe Yuya's field as Sylvio activates the effect of "Daibak", returning two cards on Yuya's field to his hand, then using the effect of " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village " to send them to the Deck instead. Sylvio comments that it's too bad that Yuya's precious backrow was wasted, and declares that it's "the end". 
 Yuya replies that that's fine, somersaulting out of a hole to land on the castle's roof. He holds up a  Trap Card , " Amnesia ", which when it's removed from the field changes the names of all of his opponent's cards to "Amnesia". Sylvio gasps in shock as light strikes his cards, changing their names. Sylvio gasps furiously that Yuya was trying to do this from the start, and Yuya replies that "Yosenju" monsters aren't affected by "Dizzying Wind," but now... Zuzu and  Tate  realize that, as  Sora  confirms, since they aren't treated as "Yosenju" monsters any more, they'll return to the Deck instead of the hand during the  End Phase  (cut from the dub). Sylvio almost loses his temper, but he manages to calm himself down and admits that Yuya isn't half bad. Yuya replies that it was only because he was able to use Sylvio's card effects against him. Sylvio laughs, asking if Yuya really thinks that he'll survive until the end of the turn? Sylvio will end this Duel before then. He leaps into the air, and "Daibak" blasts a tornado from its horn that provides a platform for Sylvio to land, and then jump again to land on "Daibak's" shoulder. He declares his  Battle Phase , attacking directly with "Daibak" and ordering his other "Yosenju" monsters to follow him. Nico narrates the attack, likening it to a daredevil laying waste to a castle as "Daibak" and the "Kama" brothers devastate the gate of the stronghold before leaping into the air. Yuya dons his goggles and backflips into the hole that he leapt out of, refusing to let the Duel end here. Sylvio yells that it's  the end  and "Daibak" attacks, sending a tornado towards the building and ripping into the foundations. Zuzu and Gong cry Yuya's name, and then the building collapses. Zuzu screams "No! ("Yuya!" in the dub)" in absolute horror, and both the kids and  Yoko  look dejected, while the  LID  students watch impassively. Sylvio laughs, telling Yuya that he's lost.
 Then someone snaps their fingers. Zuzu looks up as Nico asks who that is they see over there. Skip and Gong cheer as Nico declares that it's Yuya, who stands unharmed in a spotlight. Zuzu gasps his name in joy and the kids cheer. Sylvio protests that he should have landed his direct attack. Yuya smiles, and asks if Sylvio thought that Yuya would be running around without a plan.  Kit  muses that Yuya got an Action Card at the last second, which impresses  Julia .  Dipper  comments that Yuya baited the attack of "Daibak" while knowing where the Action Card was, as a flashback shows Yuya snagging the card on his way down. The Action Card was " Big Escape ", which ended the Battle Phase. A girl in the crowd gasps that Yuya is like an escape artist (in the dub, she says that it was "duel-tacular"), and another spectator congratulates him. Yuya bows to the crowd, and Sylvio gets stroppy, protesting that Yuya isn't the one who's supposed to excite the crowd. Yuya snaps back that this is  his  Dueling style, and Sylvio retorts that he'll be the one getting the cheers in the end. He activates the effect of "Training Grounds", removing three "Yosen Counters" to add a "Yosenju" from his Deck to his hand. He adds another "Kama 3" to his hand and then ends his turn. Yuya asks if, now that Sylvio's turn has ended, he can ask Sylvio's monsters to leave the stage. "Daibak" dissipates in a whirlwind that lowers Sylvio to the ground, and then the "Kama" brothers retreat as well. Sylvio explains that " Yosen Whirlwind " is destroyed during the End Phase since a "Yosenju" monster did not return to his hand. In addition, the Pendulum Scale of "Shinchu R" returns to normal. Nico reminds the crowd that "Dizzying Winds" will return the monsters to the Deck instead of to the hand as Sylvio slides the cards into his  Duel Disk . Yuya comments that it looks like both of their fields have gotten pretty lonely (in the dub, he says that Sylvio's finally getting a taste of his own medicine). Sylvio grins, reassuring Yuya that he'll be making it lively again as soon as his next turn comes around, during the  main event  in which Yuya will taste defeat. Yuya replies that he doesn't plan on losing either as he put his goggles on his forehead. 
 Yuya declares his turn, and he cheers his draw. Since neither of them controls any monsters, he Special Summons " Performapal Drummerilla " from his hand and reduces its  Level  by 1. Declaring battle, he leaps onto "Drummerilla's" back and attacks directly. Muttering that Yuya is going to attack and refusing to back down, Sylvio looks at his hand, containing the "Kama 3" and " Yosenju Oyam " that he added to it earlier, along with another "Oyam". He discards one of the "Oyam" to Special Summon the other, and the giant pillar towers over the stronghold. Sylvio reminds Yuya both that he lights one "Yosen Counter" and that the  ATK  of "Oyam" is the same as that of the original ATK of the monster that it battles as the ATK of "Oyam" becomes 1600. Yuya activates the effect of "Drummerilla" in response, increasing the ATK of a monster by 600 during the Battle Phase. The ATK of "Drummerilla" rises to 2200 and it pounds its chest to send out shockwaves that destroy "Oyam". As "Drummerilla" slides down the hill and comes to a halt, Yuya hops off "Drummerilla", the ATK of which returns to normal after the Battle Phase. Nico narrates the events, and one of the boys in the crowd cheers that Yuya is making a comeback. His friend wonders if Yuya will show them a Pendulum Summon, but Yuya ends his turn there, to the crowd's disappointment, though as one girl points out, Yuya's hand  is  empty (in the dub, she says she was hoping he'd Pendulum Summon). 
 Sylvio reassures the crowd that he'll show them an alluring Pendulum Summon. He declares his turn and draws, then he uses the effect of "Training Grounds" to add "Mayosenju Daibak" from his Deck to his hand, as Nico covers. The crowd get excited and begin cheering for a Pendulum Summon. Basking in the cheers, Sylvio encourages the crowd to cheer even more. He snaps his fingers, and explains that his Pendulum Scale is currently set to 3 and 5, so he's allowed to Summon Level 4 monsters. Dipper is surprised to see that Sylvio isn't raising the Scale of "Shinchu R", and Julia wonders if Sylvio isn't going to Summon "Daibak". Sylvio chants, "Pendulum Summon! Come forth, wind slicing blades! (in the dub, he simply says "I Pendulum Summon!")" as he brings out "Yosenju Kama 1" and "Yosenju Kama 3". He explains that it's a single Summon, so "Training Grounds" only gains one Yosen Counter". Yuya turns and runs for an Action Card even as Sylvio comments that he'll have that eyesore of a " Performapal " disappear and activates the effect of "Kama 1"; allowing him to return a face-up card that Yuya controls to his hand while he controls another "Yosenju" monster. "Kama 1" sends out a slice of razor wind as Sylvio explains the effect, but Yuya snatches the Action Card and activates it just in time, " Invisibility ", which rends one of his monsters immune to his opponent's card effects this turn. Shining gold and fading, "Drummerilla" dodges the razor wind, which destroys the structure behind Yuya. Sylvio throws another tantrum, yelling at Yuya not to disappear like that, and  Ally  and  Frederick  point out that Sylvio was the one who said "disappear" in the first place. Nico explains that Yuya was able to survive, but he cut off his escape route. 
 Sylvio snaps that he still has other options, and he Tributes both "Kama 1" and "Kama 3" to Tribute Summon "Daibak". "Daibak" manifests on the field as Nico announces its arrival. Sylvio lights one "Yosen Counter". Both Julia and Kit are surprised to see Sylvio Tribute Summon "Daibak" instead of Pendulum Summoning it. Sylvio asks why Yuya is smiling; doesn't he realize that he's about to lose? Yuya replies that he does, but the audience is excited. It's not just him, their unpredictable show is getting the crowd hyped. Yuya has found a new possibility, and that's why he can't help but enjoy this. Sylvio agrees that he can't help but enjoy this either; because he'll get to crush Yuya in front of a huge crowd like this. Yuya looks at Sylvio in pleased surprise, but tells him that the show still has more to come. Sylvio replies that right now is the climax and declares battle, attacking with "Daibak". Yuya activates the effect of "Drummerilla" again, allowing a monster to gain 600 ATK during the Battle Phase. "Drummerilla" rises to 2200 ATK as "Daibak" blasts a tornado at it, destroying it and reducing Yuya to 1400 LP. Yuya sends the destroyed "Drummerilla" to his  Extra Deck . Nico narrates the twist and the crowd cheer for the fight. Zuzu observes that she feels like Yuya has evolved again in this Duel (in the dub, she says they're really letting each other have it).  Gong  agrees that Sylvio is doing pretty well too. Sylvio ends his turn, and explains that the Tribute Summoned "Daibak" will remain on the field. Dipper explains that "Daibak" will return to the hand if it is Special Summoned, so to avoid that, Sylvio Tribute Summoned it. Julia comments that it looks like Sylvio is making the right strategic decisions, and Kit comments that on top of that, Sylvio is having quite a bit of fun. The three of them pause, and comment, "Even though it's Sylvio..." while frowning. Meanwhile, the crowd wonder whether Yuya will show them a Pendulum Summon this turn. They begin cheering "Pendulum" over and over again, and Sylvio tells Yuya that the entire stadium is cheering on their Duel. He reminds Yuya that it's his turn, and he'd better answer to them (in the dub, Sylvio mockingly asks if Yuya has stage fright). Yuya says Sylvio's name in pleased surprise again.
 A spotlight snaps on, and Yuya calls, "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!" Zuzu gasps Yuya's name in surprise, and Yuya explains that as they can see, his field is completely absent of Set cards, let alone monsters. This next draw will be betting the entire stage on a " Destiny Draw ". If Yuya manages to draw something, he wants the audience to cheer. The kids nod, and Yuya draws in an arc, turning the card to reveal it to be " Magician Manipulation ". He declares that right now, he'll show them the most amazing magic show that they'll see in this world, and activates the  Spell Card  "Magician Manipulation", which can only be activated while he has no cards on his field and only "Magician's Card" in his hand. He can draw as many cards as his opponent controls, and then reveal them, but all cards he controls will be banished during the End Phase. Since Sylvio controls five cards, Yuya draws five cards, and he reveals them to be " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ", " Performapal Trump Witch ", " Timegazer Magician ", " Performapal Turn Toad " and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Zuzu exclaims that Yuya drew "Odd-Eyes", and the kids cheer for Yuya. Yuya Sets the Pendulum Scale with the Scale 4 "Performapal Trump Witch" and the Scale 8 "Timegazer Magician". As the Pendulum Monsters materialize in their  Pendulum Zones , Nico declares that Yuya's original Pendulum Summon is coming, and Yuya explains that now he can Summon multiple monsters from Levels  5  to  7 . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Come, my monsters! ("Back and forth! To and fro! What comes next, you'll all soon know! My monsters are ready to swing into action!" in the dub)" First he Pendulum Summons "Performapal Drummerilla", as well as "with your heroic and dichromatic eyes, Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!" Nico declares that both players'  ace monsters  are out and facing off. Sylvio declares that it's time to end this, and Yuya agrees, declaring his Battle Phase and attacking with "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". As "Odd-Eyes" tramples its way down the path, Sylvio laughs that Yuya doesn't have enough ATK, and Yuya responds by activating the effect of "Drummerilla", increasing the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" by 600 during the Battle Phase. "Odd-Eyes" rises to 3100 ATK and deals a physical blow to "Daibak" and Yuya declares the effect of "Odd-Eyes" to double  battle damage  with a Level 5 or higher monster. Sylvio responds with the Pendulum Effect of " Yosenju Shinchi L ", which he can destroy in place of another "Yosenju" monster. "Shinchu L" explodes into dust as the backlash washes over Sylvio and reduces him to 1200 LP. The crowd cheer, not even caring which of the pair wins now and encouraging them both. Sylvio comments that this is fun, isn't it? Yuya agrees, but claims that the fun has only just begun (in the dub, Sylvio says that both of them can't win, and Yuya agrees). 
 He activates the Pendulum Effect of "Performapal Trump Witch". Once per turn, he can perform a  Fusion Summon  during the  Main Phase  or the Battle Phase using  materials  on his field. Sylvio gasps in shock and in the stands,  Ootomo  and  Yamabe  are shocked at the move, and  Kakimoto  asks if that's even possible. "Trump Witch" blasts suits symbols from her staff at the two monsters on the field, and Yuya chants, "Chest pounding sage of the forest! Become one with the dragon of mystery and form a new power! Fusion Summon! Come forth, ferocious dragon with luminous feral eyes!  Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ! (Dub: "Look to the skies and feast your eyes on Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!")" A readout out with the words "Pendulum Fusion" appears in the  Leo Corporation  control room, and  Claude  expresses shock that the use of a Pendulum Monster in a Fusion Summon.  Declan  is pleasantly surprised to see that Yuya has evolved this far already. Nico declares that it's a clash of high-Level monsters, both with 3000 ATK. Perched atop the head of "Beast-Eyes", Yuya orders it to attack "Mayosenju Daibak", and "Beast-Eyes" rampages towards the  Beast . Sylvio rushes forwards, and Yuya leaps off "Beast-Eyes", both of them leaping for Action Cards hidden under roof tiles that have slid aside. "Beast-Eyes" launches a burst of flames and "Daibak" blasts a tornado from its horn. Each Duelist grabs a card as the attacks hit home and both monsters vanish behind clouds of smoke. As Yuya's friends watch, holding their breath, Sylvio activates the Action Card, " Burning Barrel ", which will inflict damage equal to half the ATK of a monster destroyed in battle. The card produces a cylinder that blasts a fireball at Yuya, who has landed on a roof. 
 
       Yuya and Sylvio wave to the crowd.     
 Suddenly, the flames are caught by a tarp held by toonish hands and catapulted into the air, exploding as fireworks in the sky. Sylvio gasps in shock as the crowd express admiration, and Nico exclaims that Yuya has turned the damaging flame into a huge firework; this is truly entertainment. Yuya explains that due to the Action Card " Miracle " preventing the destruction of "Beast-Eyes", Sylvio's card resolved without a target. Sylvio curses Yuya as "Beast-Eyes" emerges from the smoke, and then Yuya activates the effect of "Beast-Eyes"; when it destroys a monster in battle, it can inflict damage equal to the ATK of its Beast-Type Fusion Material. The ATK of "Drummerilla" is 1600, so this will end it. "Beast-Eyes" blasts an energy surge and Sylvio and knocks him flat on his back, reducing his LP to zero. Nico declares that they have a winner; the winner for the second match is Yuya Sakaki. Sylvio sits up with a grunt, and Yuya offers him his hand with a smile. Sylvio slaps the hand aside and gets up himself, but is surprised when he hears the crowd cheering and clapping the both of them. Yuya laughs that the crowd are excited, and he waves to them while Sylvio bows. Sylvio graciously tells Yuya that he'll face him any time, and Yuya agrees. As Sylvio waves to the crowd, Yuya sees  his father 's image in the sky, musing on the idea of a Duel that everyone can enjoy, and wondering if he's come closer to his father. 
 In the Leo Corporation observation room, Declan looks at a screen displaying "Yosenju Shinchu L", "Mayosenju Daibak", and "Yosenju Shinchu R", then he orders the retrieval of Sylvio's Pendulum Cards for analysis and mass-production (in the dub, he adds that Sylvio doesn't need them anymore). Claude moves to comply, and Declan looks at the screen with a determined expression.
 
 Notes 
 This episode shows Silvio's personality start to take a turn for the better as he starts to care about entertaining the crowd more; though he will still retain his ego in thinking he's the better duelist. 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Sylvio Sawatari 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Turn 6: Sylvio 
 Sylvio   Normal Summons  " Yosenju Kama 1 " (1600/500). As it was Normal Summoned, he  activates  its  effect , which lets him Normal Summon another " Yosenju "  monster , except "Kama 1". He Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 2 " (1800/200). As it was Normal Summoned, he activates its effect, which also lets him Normal Summon another "Yosenju" monster, except "Kama 2". He Normal Summons " Yosenju Kama 3 " (1500/800). As three " Yosenju " monsters were Summoned, " Yosen Training Grounds " gains three  Yosen Counters  via its own effect (Yosen Counter 2 → 5). Sylvio then activates the Pendulum effect of " Yosenju Shinchu R ", since he has a " Yosenju " card in his other  Pendulum Zone ; he increases its  Pendulum Scale  to 11 ("Shinchu R":    5 → 11) until the  End Phase , though he can only  Special Summon  "Yosenju" monsters this  turn . Silvio  Pendulum Summons  " Mayosenju Daibak " from his  hand  in  Attack Position  (3000/300) (Yosen Counter 5 → 6). Sylvio activates the effect of "Daibak", letting him  return  up to two cards on the  field  to their  owner 's hand. He  targets   Yuya 's two  Set  cards and because he  controls  "Daibak", the effect of " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village " returns the cards to Yuya's  Deck  instead as they are not "Yosenju" monsters. One of Yuya's Set cards was " Amnesia ", which activates when it  leaves the field . It changes the card names of all cards Sylvio controls to "Amnesia" until the End Phase. "Daibak"  attacks   directly , but Yuya finds and activates the  Action Card , " Big Escape ", which ends the  Battle Phase . Sylvio activates the effect of "Yosen Training Grounds", removing three Yosen Counters (Yosen Counter 6 → 3) to  add  a "Yosenju" monster from his Deck to his hand. He adds a second copy of "Kama 3". During the End Phase, the effects of all four "Yosenju" monsters return themselves to the hand. However, since they have no names this turn, the effect of "Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village" returns them to the Deck instead. In addition, " Yosen Whirlwind " cannot activate and since a "Yosenju" monster was not returned to the hand this turn, the second effect of "Yosen Whirlwind"  destroys  it.
 Turn 7: Yuya 
As neither player controls a monster, Yuya Special Summons " Performapal Drummerilla " (1600/900) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect by reducing its  Level  by 1 (Level 5 → 4). "Drummerilla" attacks directly, but Sylvio activates the effect of the " Yosenju Oyam " in his hand as a direct attack was declared. He may  send  another "Yosenju" monster in his hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon it. He sends a second copy of "Oyam" to Special Summon the first (?/?) (Yosen Counter 3 → 4). Its  ATK  and  DEF  become equal to to the ATK of the monster it is  battling  (? → 1600/? → 1600). As a monster he controls is battling, Yuya activates the effect of "Drummerilla", increasing the ATK of his monster by 600 until the end of the Battle Phase ("Drummerilla" 1600 → 2200). "Drummerilla" attacks and destroys "Oyam" (Sylvio 2000 → 1400).
 Turn 8: Sylvio 
Sylvio activates the effect of "Yosen Training Grounds", removing three Yosen Counters (Yosen Counter 4 → 1) to add "Mayosenju Daibak" from his Deck to his hand. Sylvio Pendulum Summons "Kama 3" and "Kama 1" from his hand in Attack Position (Yosen Counter 1 → 2). Sylvio activates the effect of "Kama 1", letting him return a card his opponent controls to the hand. He targets "Drummerilla", but Yuya finds and activates the Action Card, " Invisibility ", preventing "Drummerilla" from being targeted by his opponent's card effects this turn. Sylvio  Tributes  "Kama 3" and "Kama 1" to  Tribute Summon  "Daibak"(Yosen Counter 2 → 3). "Daibak" attacks "Drummerilla", but Yuya activates the effect of "Drummerilla", increasing its ATK by 600 (1600 → 2200) until the End Phase. "Drummerilla" is destroyed (Yuya 2200 → 1400) and sent to the  Extra Deck  as it is a Pendulum Monster.
 Turn 9: Yuya 
Yuya draws and activates " Magician Manipulation ". As it is the only card in his hand and he controls no other cards, he draws one card for each card his opponent controls. However, he must  reveal  them to his opponent and all cards he controls will be  banished  at the end of this turn. Yuya draws and reveals " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ", " Performapal Trump Witch ", " Timegazer Magician ", " Performapal Turn Toad " and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Yuya activates "Trump Witch" (   4) and "Timegazer Magician" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya Pendulums Summons "Drummerilla" from his Extra Deck and "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) from his hand, both in Attack Position. "Odd-Eyes" attacks "Daibak", with Yuya activating the effect of "Drummerilla", increasing the ATK of his battling monster by 600 until the End Phase ("Odd-Eyes" 2500 → 3100). Sylvio activates the Pendulum effect of "Yosenju Shinchu L" as a "Yosenju" monster he controls would be  destroyed by battle . He can destroy "Shinchu L" instead, but the effect of "Odd-Eyes" still inflicts double the battle damage since "Daibak" is a Level 5 or higher monster (Sylvio 1400 → 1200). Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of "Trump Witch", letting him use monsters he controls as  Fusion Material Monsters  to  Fusion Summon  a  Fusion Monster . He  fuses  "Odd-Eyes" with "Drummerilla" to Fusion Summon " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. "Beast-Eyes" attacks "Daibak", which would destroy both monsters, with Yuya and Sylvio both finding and activating Action Cards. Sylvio activates the Action Card, " Burning Barrel " as a monster he controls destroyed an opponent's monster by battle. This lets him inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to half the ATK of the destroyed monster. Yuya activates the Action Card, " Miracle ", preventing the destruction of a monster he controls by battle and halving the battle damage from battles involving it. Therefore, only "Daibak" is destroyed. As "Beast-Eyes" destroyed a monster by battle, its effect activates, inflicting damage to Sylvio equal to the  original ATK  of the  Beast - Type  monster used as its Fusion Material, meaning 1600 (Sylvio 1200 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Drummerilla 
 Performapal Trump Witch 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 Timegazer Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magician Manipulation 
 Traps 
 Amnesia 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Kama 1 
 Yosenju Kama 2 
 Yosenju Kama 3  x2 
 Yosenju Oyam  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Yosen Whirlwind 
 Traps 
 Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sunset Stronghold 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Escape 
 Burning Barrel 
 Invisibility 
 Miracle 
 
 Flashback Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Escape 
 Sunset Stronghold 
 
 Computer monitor Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  English 
 The Pendulum Swings Both Ways (part 2)
 
 
  French 
 Le pendule se balance des deux côtés - Partie 2
 
 
  German 
 Das Pendel schwingt in beide Richtungen (2)
 
 
  Italian 
 Avversari alla pari (seconda parte)
 
 
  Korean 
 열전! 엔터테인먼트 듀얼 쇼!!
 
 
  Thai 
 ศึกเดือด เอ็นเตอร์เทนดูเอลโชว์
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/ArcV_032.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141116183809', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Arc_V_Silvio_and_Yosenju%27s_brothers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005142812', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Yuya_and_Sawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151005143006', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes