Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_159


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 159 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 引きさかれた魂 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hikisakareta Tamashī 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 A Taken Soul 
 
 
 English 
 Trial by Stone 
 
 
 Number 
 159 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 10, 2003 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 20, 2004 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Season one theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " 
 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 Trial by Stone  ( A Taken Soul  in the Japanese version,  A torn soul  on Crunchyroll) is the 159th episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! second series anime .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Bitter Return 
 2   The Nature of Dartz 
 3   Switching Sides 
 4   Kaiba's Anger 
 5   Differences in adaptations 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Bitter Return 
 The conclusion to  Yami Yugi 's  Duel  against  Rafael  has a heavy price: Yami Yugi is crushed by its outcome, as his actions and recklessness (i.e. playing " The Seal of Orichalcos ") have resulted into the loss of  Yugi 's soul.  Rebecca  cries in sorrow.  Joey  tells Yami Yugi to get back to his senses and focus. He even tosses him to the ground, attempting to snap him out of it.
 
 The Nature of Dartz 
 Professor Hawkins speaks of what he'd decoded so far of the underwater ruins: he speculates that Paradius may be descendants of the "legendary paradise": Atlantis. He's convinced that it isn't a legend: the undersea ruins were the ruins of Atlantis. The texts he'd decoded spoke about a King who'd, along with a "Monster", destroyed the whole city. Joey guesses that the information contained in those Chronicles had to be important, given how Paradius is trying to make sure no-one can decode it. The Professor suggests going to see the fragments being exhibited in a Florida museum. Joey thinks of how to arrange for them to get to Florida. 
 
 Switching Sides 
 Meanwhile,  Rex Raptor  and  Weevil Underwood  catch up to Rafael and jump to his helicopter.  Alister  flies them to a corporate building property of Doma, where Weevil and Rex are eager to join  Dartz 's in order to gain power and not being losers for the rest of their lives. 
 Rafael reports the success of his assignment, but Valon and Dartz correct him: he did defeat Yami Yugi, but the seized soul was that of Yugi. Rafael, shocked, states that he was Dueling Yami Yugi, so he should have captured his soul when he lost. Dartz explains to Rafael about Yugi's split personality case, which Weevil and Rex are confused about. Rafael apologizes and requests to Dartz to be given another chance at getting the Yami Yugi's soul. Curiously enough, today Dartz is dressed like a businessman, most likely to camouflage his identity from other people working in this corporate building.
 Rafael requests one more opportunity, and both Rex and Weevil plead to Dartz to let them join. Dartz hands them 2 blank "The Seal of Orichalcos" Cards out two  Orichalcos Stones  for Rex and Weevil to get: they reach out for them and barely pass the test, thereby obtaining 1 "The Seal of Orichalcos" Card each. 
 Rafael guides them into a big card room and given access to an almost limitless supply of Cards (except the God Cards and the Legendary Dragons), in order to improve their  Decks . Weevil complains upon the announcement but Alister tells them to use they're own cards if unhappy with that. They then let greed move them and prepare their new Decks. Dartz tells them that they have the task of defeating the  Pharaoh  and  Joseph .
 
 Kaiba's Anger 
 In the meantime,  Seto Kaiba  is irritated by the fact that no further information can be found regarding Doma.  Mokuba Kaiba  asks of him if he plans on facing  Alister  again. He feels guilty because of the incident in which Alister's brother was killed. Seto replies that unless they're defeated, their dreams won't come to happen.
 The phone rings, irritating Kaiba. An operator reports Joey is contacting them. Joey quickly tells Kaiba that they have clues about Doma and need to get to Florida. He unconsciously blabbers about Yugi losing his last duel, making everyone look annoyed and Yami Yugi look away. Kaiba only focuses on Yugi's loss to Rafael and shouts YUGI LOST going to the point of calling Yami Yugi a 'disgrace to the game of Duel Monsters'. He slams the phone on its place and then makes a smug smile.
 Given Kaiba's refusal, Rebecca suggests to Yami Yugi and everyone else to pick a train to go to the nearest airport. Rebecca will stay with  Duke Devlin  and her grandfather and move out.
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version, when Weevil and Rex grab hold of the helicopter ladder, Rafael looks down and pulls out a knife that was concealed in his boot. He was about to cut the section of the ladder below him to kill Weevil and Rex from falling, but they plead him not to and frantically ask him to let them join Doma. He thinks for a minute, and then puts the knife back in his boot. Weevil and Rex breathe a sigh of relief. In the dub, Rafael looks down and says "Oh, great" in obvious annoyance, then the episode immediately cuts to Weevil and Rex sighing for relief, omitting Weevil and Rex's pleading not to kill them and let them join. 
 When Yami Yugi explains that it was his fault that Yugi's soul was captured and that he did not heed Yugi's warning about activating the Seal of Orichalcos, Joey grabs Yami Yugi by the collar in a fit of rage. In the Japanese version, Joey punches Yami in the face which knocks him to the ground where he tumbles a few times. In the dub, after Joey grabs Yami Yugi by the collar, the scene changes to the group with Tea saying "Ugh, Joey!", then cutting to Yami Yugi lying on the ground, omitting the punching scene and sound. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Summoned Skull 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gorlag 
 Great Moth 
 Versago the Destroyer Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Dragon Nails 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Time Wizard 
 
 Doma Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 The Seal of Orichalcos  x2 
 
 Vault (Japanese) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Lizard 
 Aqua Madoor 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Dark Magician 
 Destroyer Golem 
 Fiend Reflection #2 
 Flame Champion 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Harpie's Brother 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Hunter Spider 
 Hyozanryu 
 Labyrinth Wall 
 Leogun 
 Ryu-Ran 
 Steel Ogre Grotto #2 
 Trent 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Turtle Tiger 
 Twin-Headed Fire Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blader 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 D.D. Warrior 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Fiber Jar 
 Fire Princess 
 Gate Guardian 
 Jigen Bakudan 
 Jinzo 
 Spear Cretin 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Hungry Burger Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragoness the Wicked Knight 
 Flower Wolf 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Bronze Knights 
 Electro-Whip 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Question 
 Sebek's Blessing 
 Silver Bow and Arrow 
 The Shallow Grave 
 Traps 
 Ceasefire 
 Crush Card 
 Drop Off 
 Dust Tornado 
 Graverobber 
 Harpie's Feather Storm 
 Light of Intervention 
 Relieve Monster 
 Time Seal 
 World Suppression 
 
 Vault (Dub) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aeris 
 Agido [Notes 1] 
 Alligator's Sword 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Amazoness Fighter [Notes 1] 
 Amazoness Swords Woman [Notes 1] 
 Ancient Elf 
 Ancient Tool 
 Anthrosaurus 
 Armaill 
 Armored Lizard 
 Armored Zombie 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Cyber Commander 
 Cyber-Tech Alligator 
 Dark Rabbit 
 Gatekeeper 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Giganto 
 Gyakutenno Megami 
 Harpie Lady 
 Hyozanryu 
 Launcher Spider 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Nekogal #1 
 Sword Slasher 
 Slot Machine 
 Steel Ogre Grotto #1 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 X-Head Cannon 
 Effect Monsters 
 4-Starred Ladybug of Doom 
 Archfiend of Gilfer 
 Ashingray 
 Asura Priest 
 Backup Gardna 
 Barrel Dragon 
 Buster Blader 
 D.D. Warrior 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Fire Princess 
 Gate Guardian 
 Gorlag 
 Parasite Paracide 
 Penguin Knight Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Barox 
 Flower Wolf 
 Giltia the D. Knight 
 St. Joan 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Adamantine Sword Revival 
 Bronze Knight 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization 
 Question 
 Sebek's Blessing 
 Silent Doom 
 The Shallow Grave 
 Traps 
 Ancient Lamp [Notes 2] 
 Attack Guidance Armor 
 Castle Walls 
 Compensation Mediation 
 Crush Card Virus 
 Drop Off 
 Exchange of the Spirit 
 Harpie's Feather Storm 
 Light of Intervention 
 Meteorain 
 Relieve Monster 
 Trap Hole 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card was played as a  Normal Monster . It is an  Effect Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Trap Card . It is an  Effect Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 4 episodes 
 #145 " A New Evil - Part 1 " #146 " A New Evil - Part 2 " #147 " Legend of the Dragons " #148 " The Creator Returns " #149 " Deja Duel! - Part 1 " #150 " Deja Duel! - Part 2 " #151 " An Unexpected Enemy " #152 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 1 " #153 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 2 " #154 " My Freaky Valentine - Part 3 " #155 " The Challenge " #156 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 1 " #157 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 2 " #158 " Fate of the Pharaoh - Part 3 " #159 " Trial by Stone " #160 " On the Wrong Track - Part 1 " #161 " On the Wrong Track - Part 2 " #162 " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " #163 " Self Destruction " #164 " Reliving the Past " #165 " Deck of Armor " #166 " Flight of Fear - Part 1 " #167 " Flight of Fear - Part 2 " #168 " Paradise Found " #169 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 1 " #170 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 2 " #171 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 3 " #172 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 4 " #173 " Fighting for a Friend - Part 5 " #174 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 1 " #175 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 2 " #176 " Grappling with a Guardian - Part 3 " #177 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 1 " #178 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " #179 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 3 " #180 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " #181 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 5 " #182 " A Duel with Dartz - Part 6 " #183 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 1 " #184 " Rise of the Great Beast - Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/Yugioh159.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130117065846']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes