Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Fall_Cup_Duel_Project

The  Fall Cup Duel Project  (unnamed in the English dub) was a  Duel Monsters  tournament, organized by  Maximillion Pegasus , in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime .
 The grand prize was the  Field Spell Card  " Golden Castle of Stromberg ", which was developed for test purposes and never officially released. As there was only ever one print of the card, "Golden Castle of Stromberg" became sought after by many collectors. At some point, the influential Schroeder family was able to acquire the card. During the  Grand Championship ,  Zigfried von Schroeder  hacked into  KaibaCorp 's Duel Computer Limiter so that "Golden Castle of Stromberg" would be recognized as a legal card, and had said card modified so that when his brother  Leon  played it in his Duel with  Yugi Muto , a computer virus would infect KaibaCorp's mainframe and delete all of the company's data in  Duel Monsters , as part of Zigfried's plot to exact revenge on  Seto Kaiba .
 
 v e 
 Duel Monsters  tournaments Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 United States The King of Duelists 
 Japanese National Championship 
 Regional Championship 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Battle City 
 Fall Cup Duel Project 
 Grand Championship 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Battle City V2 
 Original Tournament 
 Industrial Illusions Tournament 
 Duel Cosplay Tournament 
 Genex Tournament 
 Duel for Jewels 
 Pair Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Atlantis Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 D1 Grand Prix  (manga) 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Domino Duel Tournament 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 National Duel Circuit 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Friendship Games 
 Couples Duel tournament 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Arc League Championship 
 Friendship Cup 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Tournaments