Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Ishizubcf.png


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 Japanese   
 イシズ・イシュタール 
 
 
 Korean   
 이시즈 이슈타르 
 
 
 Filipino   
 Isis Ishtar 
 
 
 French   
 Shizu 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 April 5 
 
 
 Age 
 20 
 
 
 Height 
 167 cm 
 
 
 Weight 
 43 kg 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Blood type 
 O 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Om Ali 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Meat dish 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Marik Ishtar  (younger brother) Odion  (adoptive older brother) Mr. Ishtar  (father; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) Mrs. Ishtar  (mother; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Secretary General 
 
 
 Organization 
 Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities (エジプト考古局  Ejiputo Kōko-kyoku ) 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Tomb Keeper 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Top 8     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Past Pains 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Call from Below Lead Into Zero 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 The Keepers 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 52: " The Past is Present " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Game Boy Advance  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Sacred Cards 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 
 PlayStation 2  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Karen Neill Alison Lester (Singapore) 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Sumi Shimamoto Sakura Nogawa (Younger) 
 
 
 German  
 Claudia Urbschat-Mingues Julia Meynen (child) 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Tatiane Keplmair (Brazil) (Season 2) Cecília Lemes (Brazil) (Season 5) 
 
 
 Spanish  
 Adelaida López (Spain) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Aya Bejer 
 
 
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (イシズ・イシュタール  Ishizu Ishutāru ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!   manga  and the  anime . Her name is sometimes rendered by fans as Isis Ishtar (as "Ishisu" is the pronunciation of the name "Isis" in Japanese). Her name is derived from the Ancient Egyptian goddess  Isis  and the Ancient Mesopotamian deity  Ishtar . She is the modern day version of Priestess  Isis . Ishizu wields the Millennium Necklace, a powerful ancient Egyptian artifact which affords her certain powers to foresee into the past and future. Ishizu became a museum curator working for the Egyptian government agency, the Supreme Council of Antiquities in order to lure  Yugi Muto  and  Seto Kaiba  to her in order to prevent Marik and the Rare Hunters from fulfilling their plans. In spite of her brother's betrayal of the family, she believes that there is still a sufficient amount of good left in his heart, which turned out to be true.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Virtual World 
 2.4   Battle City Finals 
 2.5   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Yami Yugi/Yugi Moto 
 3.2   Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Gaming items 
 
 5.1   Deck 
 5.2   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 5.3   Capsule Monsters 
 
 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         Ishizu's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in her attire from the  Battle City  tournament (top) and her casual clothing (bottom) from front, side and rear views and alongside views of her head from different angles.     
 Ishizu has long straight black hair that trails just below her shoulders and features 2 locks wrapped in gold rings coming from behind her ears and continue in front, stopping at her neck. She is slender in build and has tanned skin. She wears the  Millennium Necklace  around her neck prior to giving it to  Yugi .
 Ishizu's first outfit consists of a long ankle length dress partially bearing her shoulders featuring black patterns around the neck and the rims of the sleeves. Her jewelry consists of a gold piece of headwear circling her head and featuring an emerald where it meets at the front.
 During the  Battle City  tournament she wears a cream colored sleeveless one-piece dress with the bottom similar to a  sarong , a matching waist length veil which widens and spreads below her shoulders and gold sandals. Her jewelry consists of gold bracelets, ankle bracelets, armbands and brooch bearing the  Eye of Wdjat  on her veil. She initially wears a piece of cloth over her mouth to conceal her identity.
 In the Japanese version, Ishizu uses the personal pronoun  watakushi , an antiquated and archaic self-reference.
 
 Personality 
 Ishizu is portrayed as a kind, wise, compassionate, spiritual, and intelligent woman displaying strong maternal characteristics who exhibits a selfless concern for the well being of others.
 She is solicitous about the welfare of her family members and those around her, especially her brother  Marik  (particularly when she joins the Battle City tournament to try to save him), and is loyal to her family's duty to the Pharaoh. Spiritually, Ishizu is known for preaching her beliefs in the nature of fate and destiny, whether its through following her visions, predicting the future with her Millennium Necklace, or remaining committed to her family's destiny to serve the pharaoh.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Ishizu's family guarded the tomb of the Pharaoh for generations and 2 of the  Millennium Items : the  Millennium Rod  and the  Millennium Necklace , which were were passed on to Ishizu and her brother  Marik . Marik, who was forbidden to leave the Pharaoh's tomb because it might divert his attention away from his Egyptian heritage, convinced Ishizu to let him take a trip outside. 
 Marik no longer wanted to become a  Tomb Keeper  and when he was forced to take the initiation ritual to become a full Tomb Keeper, he unwillingly unleashed  Yami Marik , who took the  Millennium Rod  for himself. 
 In the manga, Yami Marik specifically skinned his father with it and then threw the skin of his father's back (bearing the scars of his own initiation ritual) onto the back of the unconscious  Odion . 
 In the original  anime , Marik killed his father via the dagger inside the Millennium Rod to stop him from killing Odion. In the dub, he sent his father to the  Shadow Realm . Regardless, Yami Marik was sealed away in Marik's body by Odion.
 Ishizu attempts to stop Marik's quest of unlocking the power of the Pharaoh for himself by taking the  Egyptian God Card , " Obelisk the Tormentor " before Marik can.
 
 Battle City 
 Ishizu is the Secretary General of the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities at the  Domino City Museum . She became a museum curator in order to lure  Yugi Muto ,  Seto Kaiba , and the  Rare Hunters  in order to save her brother from his darker alter ego, Yami Marik.  
 She gives Kaiba "Obelisk The Tormentor" in exchange for prompting to him with the idea of starting the  Battle City  tournament, where he could acquire the remaining Egyptian God Cards, but told him that regardless he would end up returning the card by predicting this using the power of her  Millennium Necklace . Though Kaiba refuses to believe her preaching regarding the nature of destiny and his ancient Egyptian heritage, he has ulterior motives of reclaiming his title as the number one Duelist. 
 Ishizu qualifies for the Battle City quarter-finals, where she duels Seto Kaiba. She predicts all of Kaiba's moves and foresees her victory, but a vision of  Kisara  caused by the Millennium Rod compels Kaiba to  summon  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " instead of " Obelisk ". 
 Kaiba claims to make his own future and  Tributes  " Obelisk the Tormentor " and " Gadget Soldier " to Tribute Summon "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", hence avoiding his predicted defeat. Though Ishizu lost the duel, the loss taught her a valuable lesson of greater importance about the nature of destiny as it gave her hope for changing her brother's future. She relies on the wisdom and strength of the people around her, in particular Kaiba himself for eventually eradicating Marik's evil trapped within. Following her loss, Ishizu gives the  Millennium Necklace  to Yugi, claiming that it is no longer necessary as the future it predicts is not infallible and can be changed.
 
 Virtual World 
 Ishizu remains on the airship when most of the other passengers on board are forced to disembark to enter  Noah Kaiba 's  Virtual World . 
 Some time later, after the magnetic arms holding the ship in place are suddenly released, Ishizu realizes that Yami Marik (who had left the ship to search for the others) is responsible. 
 In the arc finale, she sits calmly in her room as the ship escapes from the exploding undersea fortress.
 
 Battle City Finals 
 During the finals where Yugi faced Marik, Odion convinces Marik to accept responsibility, freeing him from Yami Marik. Ishizu and Marik are then able to fulfill their duties as Tomb Keepers, by revealing the Pharaoh's memory which had been carved (Tattooed in the English anime) onto Marik's back. Ishizu, Marik and Odion then return to Egypt to start a new life.
 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 During the  Dawn of the Duel  arc, Ishizu, Marik, and Odion lead Yugi and co. to the  Tablet of Lost Memories , where he must enter the World of Memory to regain his memories of his past.
 After the Pharaoh recovers his memories and his name in the  Dawn of the Duel  arc, Ishizu, Marik and Odion lead Yugi and his friends to the tomb of the Pharaoh in order for  Pharaoh Atem  and Yugi to have a final Duel in order to determine if the spirit will move on to the afterlife or remain in the present for another 5,000 years. 
 When the Duel is over and the tomb is destroyed, Ishizu states that her family's duties as the Pharaoh's Tomb Keepers are finally complete since his spirit has returned to the nether world and the  Millennium Items  have been sealed forever.
 
 Relationships 
 Yami Yugi/Yugi Moto 
 Being the member of the tombkeeper's family, Ishizu feels obliged to serve Yami Yugi to help him as only Yugi can help save her brother and the world. With her being the modern reincarnation of Priestess Isis, Ishizu still feels an inclination towards helping the Pharaoh as one of the members of Pharaoh's court. As Yami Yugi and Tea enter the museum in Ishizu's exhibition, hoping to find out something about the past of the former. Ishizu shows them the old tablets, revealing to Yami Yugi that he was a powerful Pharaoh who, five thousand years ago, saved the world from misfortune; the fate of the Egyptian sovereign. As fate would have it the young Ishizu tells Yami Yugi that he is to prevent the destruction of humanity again by persuading Yami Yugi to enter the Battle City tournament in order to fulfill his destiny. After her loss at Battle City against Kaiba, Following her loss, Ishizu gives the Millennium Necklace to Yugi, claiming that it is no longer necessary as the future it predicts is not infallible and can be changed. Given the events of the past are to happen again in the present day, Yami Yugi felt he was destined to face Kaiba. After Yugi's victory at the Battle City tournament, Ishizu explains that millennia ago, the Pharaoh saved the world, but missed the memory that he needs to recover today; For this reason, he has entrusted his memories to a family. At the end of the anime, Ishizu with her brothers come to Pharaoh to take him to the tablet of the lost memory so Pharaoh can remember his name as well as his rest of the memory. After Pharaoh regains his memory, she leads him and the gang to the tomb of the Pharaoh to return the Millennium Items to the Tomb so that the Pharaoh can move on to the afterlife.
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 In the anime, Ishizu first meets Kaiba at the Domino City Museum when she personally invites him for a private exhibition regarding the opening of her highly anticipated Egyptian exhibit through a televised press conference invitation. With her belief in the nature of fate, she felt that it be destined that the two would cross paths. Ishizu then gives Kaiba a private showcase of never seen before artifacts depicting the origin of Duel Monsters as well as the secret of the Egyptian God Cards. She then postulates to Kaiba of starting a Duel Monsters competition in order to help draw out the Rare Hunters in the open as well as offering him Obelisk the Tormentor to borrow during the duration of the tournament. 
 During the Battle City tournament, Ishizu attracts Kaiba's attention during her first and only  duel   against him as she flawlessly predicted Kaiba's every strategic move and causing him to squirm. During the duel, Yami Marik similarly parallels Kaiba's struggle against Ishizu with his own childhood experience of being stringed and taken down by Ishizu in the past with her Deck. Ishizu gracefully manipulated every move he made and foiled his strategies causing her to toy with Kaiba's mind nearly humiliating him with a loss. Though Ishizu lost the duel, the loss taught her a valuable lesson of the greater importance regarding the nature of destiny as it gave her hope for changing her brother's future relying on the wisdom and strength of the people around her, in particular for her concerns toward Kaiba for eventually helping her brother  Marik  eradicate his other evil half trapped within. 
 As the Battle City tournament drew to a close, Ishizu's selfless soliciting for the well-being of Kaiba through her desire to rescue her brother requests him to be present for the final duel of the Battle City tournament in order to assist Yami Yugi in fulfilling his dueling destiny by defeating Yami Marik. Anxious to cultivate his aid to help Yugi rescue her brother, the young Ishizu solicitously convinces the reluctant and selfish Kaiba to help Yami Yugi win the final duel, where the eventual outcome of it will depend on the salvation of the world and impact the future of mankind. She then explains to Kaiba that the destiny of the latter is to contribute to the triumph of light, and that, in antiquity, he was, indeed the Pharaoh's adversary, but also a friend who constantly challenged him to push him to improve. She warned Kaiba that walking away from the tournament is a huge mistake and forewarned that his entire future is at stake. Concerned about Kaiba's reputation for his obstinacy, Ishizu scolds Kaiba for his selfishness and hesitance in helping Yami Yugi as well as denying his ancient Egyptian heritage by reasoning with him stating that he'll suffer the consequences and the fate of the entire world will suffer as a result of his obstinate stubbornness by turning back on mankind. She also lectures Kaiba that he was destined to organize the event guided by a force beyond his control and how his modern day rivalry with Yugi has been in existence for thousands of years. In addition, Ishizu also informs Kaiba about how his rivalry with Yugi as his past incarnation as as a skilled sorcerer who constantly challenged the Pharaoh and with the sorcerer's help, the Pharaoh was eventually able to save his own people. Much to Kaiba's  consternation, Ishizu's solicitous coaxing to cultivate Kaiba's assistance eventually convinced him to give one  card  to help Yami Yugi take down Yami Marik's Winged Dragon of Ra.
 
 Other appearances 
 Ishizu Ishtar (manga) Ishizu Ishtar ( Duel Links ) Ishizu Ishtar ( Duel Monsters  and  World Championship ) Isis ( Forbidden Memories ) Ishizu Ishtar ( Millennium Duels ) 
 Gaming items 
 Deck 
 Main article:  Ishizu Ishtar's Decks 
 Ishizu primarily plays an  Egyptian Themed Fairy   Deck . But in contrast to the traditional Fairy monsters, Ishizu's Fairies are  EARTH  and have Egyptian appearances. In her Duel against Kaiba Ishizu focuses on allowing Kaiba to destroy her Magic and Monster cards and turns his strategy back on him with " Exchange of the Spirit ", leaving Kaiba with only six cards left in his deck while Ishizu's cards were restored. She then relied on " Muko " to negate Kaiba's draws until he was forced to summon " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Ishizu planned to destroy "Obelisk" with " Sacrifice's Blast ", but a vision from the  Millennium Rod  convinced Kaiba to win using his " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " instead, unknowingly negating Ishizu's strategy by sacrificing "Obelisk" to Summon the dragon.
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Ishizu uses the following Dice Pool in the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters .
 
 
 Dice Pool 
 
 
 
 
   Monsters 
 
 
 Beautiful Headhuntress 
 Black Luster Soldier 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Dancing Elf 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Gemini Elf 
 Great Moth 
 Harpie Lady 
 Harpie Lady Sisters 
 Kanan the Swordmistress 
 Metal Guardian 
 Millennium Shield 
 Mystic Lamp 
 Mystical Elf 
 Red Archery Girl 
 Thousand Dragon 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 1 
 Witch’s Apprentice 
 
 
 
 
 
   Items 
 
 
 Medical Aid Kit 
 Warp Vortex 
 
 
 
 
 
 Capsule Monsters 
 Ishizu uses the following Capsule Monsters in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monster Coliseum .
 
 
 Crimson Valley (Wind) Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Kamakiriman 
 Kazejin 
 King Tiger Wanghu 
 Ryu-Kishin  x2 
 Sky Dragon 
 
 Neverending Site (Light) Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Faith Bird 
 Fiend Reflection 2 
 Genin 
 Lesser Dragon 
 Mystical Elf 
 Ocubeam 
 Petit Angel 
 Tyhone 
 v e 
 Ishizu Ishtar  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour  characters 
 Player 
 Other Duelists 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Bakura Ryou 
 Tea Gardner 
 Mai Valentine 
 Serenity Wheeler 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Solomon Muto 
 Bonz 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Espa Roba 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Dox 
 Para 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Antagonists 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Marik 
 The Big Five 
 Big 1 
 Big 2 
 Big 3 
 Big 4 
 Big 5 
 Rare Hunters 
 Strings 
 Arkana 
 Lumis  
 Umbra 
 Rare Hunter 
 Odion 
 Shadow Game Duelists 
 PaniK 
 Bandit Keith 
 Yami Bakura 
 Non-Duelists 
 Roland 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Ishizubcf.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160722123630', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Ishizu_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070709135949', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Ishizu_-_manga_-_full_body.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/101?cb=20160626191252', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/IshizuIshtar-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/155?cb=20190614172452', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Ishizu_Ishtar-WC08.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130712003652', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/Isis-FMR.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140720142759', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/IshizuIshtarMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190602124008', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Characters, Ishizu Ishtar pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Nightmare Troubadour characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters