Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Newedo.png

This article is about Aster's appearance in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. For other versions of this character, see  Aster Phoenix (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 
 
 Aster with " Destiny Hero - Plasma " 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Edo Phoenix 
 
 
 Other   
 Ed Phoenix 
 
 
 Japanese   
 エド・フェニックス 
 
 
 Arabic   
 أستر فينيكس 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mr. Phoenix  (father; deceased; kidnapped in the dub) The D  (legal guardian; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Professional Duelist 
 
 
 Organization 
 Senrigan Group 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Industrial Illusions Tournament   Winner       Genex Tournament   Did not place   
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Vision Hero 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Destiny Hero  (デステニー - ヒーロー  Desutenī Hīrō ) [1] Elemental Hero 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2007 
 Heroes of Fate 
 
 
 WC 2008 
 Destiny Beatdown 
 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Destiny D Fate D Lament D True Heroes Fear Heroes Cool Heroes 
 
 
 Spirit Caller 
 Dark Heroes Destiny Heroes Heroes of Fate Dimensional Ruler 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 53: " Back to Duel " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Spirit Caller Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2007 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship 2008 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Pete Zarustica 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Akira Ishida Asako Yoshida (younger) 
 
 
 French  
 Olivier Cuvellier 
 
 
 German  
 Julien Haggége 
 
 
 Italian  
 Simone D'Andrea 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Sergio Corcetti Marcio Araújo (2nd Voice) 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Montreal Repuyan 
 
 
 
 Aster Phoenix , known as  Edo Phoenix  (エド・フェニックス) in the Japanese version, and commonly romanized as  Ed Phoenix , is a child prodigy, world famous, top-ranking professional Duelist. He is adored by fans around the globe, and his celebrity status has done wonders for the game by introducing it to the masses. [2]  An intelligent vigilante, Aster makes his first appearance in the second season of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  and is the anti-hero counterpart to  Jaden Yuki . Though not initially caring much for Jaden and Duel Academy, Aster is sent there by  his manager  to defeat Jaden, succeeding in doing so. It is only after a furious Duel between  Heroes  and realizing that he was being  deceived  that Aster comes to better terms with Jaden. 
 Aster is stated by  Maximillion Pegasus , the creator of  Duel Monsters  to be one of the best Duelists he has ever seen, listing him along with  Yugi Muto , the previous  King of Games  and  Seto Kaiba . He is also a pro-athlete, and excels at  skiing ,   skydiving ,  skysurfing , and  surfing . While no mention of it is made in the English dub, the original version further indicates that he has a Ph.D. in two undisclosed subjects. Aster can also see  Duel Monster Spirits , although not to the same degree as Jaden. Aster is one of only three people to ever defeat Jaden, the other two being  Zane Truesdale  and  Kaibaman ; he is also the only one out of these three to later be defeated by Jaden in a rematch. 
 An alternate universe  version  of Aster appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . [3] [4] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Voice/mannerisms 
 1.3   Personality 
 1.4   Abilities 
 1.5   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Society of Light 
 2.3   Dimension World 
 2.4   Darkness 
 2.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Mishmash 
 4.2   Hero 
 
 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
           Aster's design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the  Duelist  in full regalia from front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Aster's character design was overseen by  Kenichi Hara . His usual outfit consists of silver formal wear with button-up sleeves, a black shirt underneath with matching shoes, and a loosely-fitting necktie. His grey hair is sectioned in two layers, his bangs forming one layer and the rest the other. His blue eyes are positioned between the layers closest to his face. He carries an Academy-issued  Duel Disk  on his left arm.
 
 Voice/mannerisms 
 In the dub, Aster's speech is riddled with slang such as "dude" and "rockin". However, he is also very arrogant. His original series counterpart replaces certain Japanese words with anglicisms, the most common being his substitutions of numbers for their English equivalents, and replacing "bochi" 「墓地」 with its English equivalent, "cemetery", and "kouka" 「効果」 with "effect". In addition, he yells "Come on!" when Summoning his monsters in the Japanese version. In the dub, he has a somewhat deep voice.
 
 Personality 
 Aster is a professional Duelist whose belief in destiny draws him into confrontations with the most skilled of opponents. Aster is well-mannered (much more so in the Japanese version) with good intentions, but can often be blinded to the reality of a given situation due to his stubborn attitude and pessimistic outlook. He pursues his ambitions despite risks and overwhelming odds, and feels that the burden of avenging his father and reclaiming the " Destiny Hero " stolen from him is one that he must shoulder alone. Because his father was taken from him while he was still young, he has a dependency on father figures, such as Sartorius, or his legal guardian,  The D . This has, in some instances, proven to be a weakness of Aster's, as the two men have been known to exploit him with mere words, albeit they themselves were being by a  malevolent force . Since his father's disappearance, Aster has also held a fear of the state of his "time", afraid that he has not truly advanced anywhere as a person following the life-changing event. As such, he uses his "Destiny Heroes" to control his opponents' future. Aster is also shown to be sympathetic to other orphans like himself.
 
 Abilities 
 Aster's physical ability, especially while so young and for his size, is astonishingly exemplary. Aster, before trouncing Zane in  professional Dueling , single-handedly defeated a criminal much larger than himself and knocked him unconscious in an alleyway while disguised as a Duel Monster. Aster was even able to move an incredible space all the way to the buildings rooftop in mere seconds after being spotted by Zane and before the nearby police could even arrive. When Aster was carefully watching Bastion he was able to move fast and swiftly out of sight that even the genius Bastion mistook himself as seeing things, despite that it was even Bastion's room and that Aster was again disguised as a Duel Monster.
 Aster's impeccable senses and intellect borders him a  soothsayer , akin to his  close friend  and manager's own abilities to precisely predict the future. An example of Aster's prognostication abilities is Aster's first real Duel with Jaden in where he set multiple events to happen into the future and moved Jaden's monsters through time then perfectly proceeded to deal damage to Jaden by targeting the displaced monsters that returned to the field from the past, all whilst Aster's  Clock Tower   field spell  perilously tolled each turn and counted down to Jaden's defeat that Aster had already predetermined and revealed to Jaden beforehand. Also very quickly into his Duel with the Sarina, Aster sensed an ominous feeling and prognosticated that the Sarina had an ulterior motive than what they were showing, Asters prediction comes true when the Sarina's Summon "Dark God" to which he confirms was the source of his perturbed feeling. A further testament to Aster's foresight is such when after just encountering Bastion who goes to challenge and win against Sartorius, Aster perfectly foretells to Jaden and Jaden's friends that Bastion will lose regardless of whether he holds the ability to win or not, to which Bastion does just that as Bastion would've defeated Sartorius's servant Chazz but loses due to Sartorius's own subterfuge.
 During Aster's visit to Domino City Aster reveals that he is one of the extremely rare few that is able to see  Duel Monster Spirits  as when he sees the four " Monarch " Duel Spirits that Sarina had cast creating a barrier around Domino City. [5] 
 
 Etymology 
 His name is meant to be a pun in Japanese, as phoenixes were commonly depicted in art during the Edo period of Japan. Edo is also the original name for Tokyo. His English given name means "star", or "silver star".
 
 Biography 
 History 
           Aster discovers  his father , with his last cards littered on the floor with him (the body is removed in the dub).     
 When Aster was a child his  father  who was a card designer for  Industrial Illusions  was murdered (kidnapped in the English version), leaving the  last cards he created  scattered on the floor around him at the scene. A card was stolen from him, known only as "The Ultimate D-Card". Aster then vowed to stop the thief who took his father away and dueled with that goal in mind becoming a dangerous vigilante. He then became a strong  Pro League  duelist with 30 wins under his belt.
 
 Society of Light 
           Aster is reminded to lose instead of win.     
 Aster first meets  Jaden  at  Duel Academy  at the beginning of the second year, enrolling as a new student. After arriving at Duel Academy, Aster enters  Dorothy 's card store and he builds a Deck using the contents of several random packs of cards that were left on the shelves. When Ms. Dorothy tells him that he won't get far building Decks like that, he tells her it's fine, as he is only testing his abilities. In the middle of his Duel with Jaden, Aster receives a phone call from a  Sartorius  who reads his fortune and tells him that the God of Death tarot card is in reverse, a reading that means that Aster should forfeit his victory. Aster replies that he understands and ends the call. Aster proceeds to Duel Jaden more seriously, and he quickly takes back the Duel, destroying all of Jaden's monsters and leaving him open for direct attacks. After Jaden narrowly avoids a finishing attack, Aster thinks about the previous conversation that he had with Sartorius, who told him to lose the Duel on purpose as it would better him as a Duelist. Following his manager's orders, Aster throws the Duel and leaves on a respectful note, still thinking to himself about how Dueling this lower-level Duelist would change him and starts to doubt his manager's predictions.
 After Aster leaves Duel Academy for his  Pro League  Duel against  Zane Truesdale , he punishes a criminal in an alley while dressed as  Phoenix Enforcer , an incident that Zane witnesses. Aster is then seen meeting with  Sartorius  who chides him on his careless vigilante ways and advises him that he would not expect the  man  he seeks to be among the petty criminals in that area. As Sartorius begins to predict Aster's future, he draws The Chariot tarot card. But before Sartorius can tell Aster of its meaning, Aster reveals that Sartorius has predicted that he will have a perfect victory against Zane and that the Chariot has been the only card that appears when he tells him of his fortune. Aster continues that even in his last Duel with  Jaden  he would've won, but that Sartorius ordered him to lose and that he would rather continue being at the top of the Pro League instead of wasting his time at Duel Academy. Sartorius reassures Aster that there are not mistakes with the future he predicts, and Aster then agrees that he will defeat Jaden, after he defeats Zane.
 
           Aster easily defeats Zane.     
 At the beginning of his Duel with Zane, Zane mentions how Aster has replaced him as the best Duelist at Duel Academy and continues to praise Aster as someone he wanted to Duel but Aster responds to Zane's compliments as if Zane was an old man. The Duel begins and Aster Summons " Elemental Hero Avian ", shocking Zane that Aster is playing " Elemental Heroes " like Jaden. When Aster fuses "Avian" with " Burstinatrix ", he does not Summon " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman ", but rather " Elemental Hero Phoenix Enforcer ". As the two Duel, Aster stays one step ahead of Zane while occasionally angering him in the process, both quickly overtaking each other. Zane Summons " Cyber End Dragon ", and with seemingly the upper hand, attacks Aster's " Shining Phoenix Enforcer ". However, Aster uses " Destruction of Destiny ", which results in "Shining Phoenix Enforcer" having a higher ATK than "Cyber End Dragon", and the combined amount of Battle Damage and effect damage causes Zane to lose the Duel. When Aster comments to Zane that his destiny was already decided, Zane realizes that Aster was the vigilante he encountered, but Aster walks away.
 After defeating Zane in the Pro Leagues Aster is interviewed by numerous news reporters, Aster takes credit as the first to make the  hero  Deck and that a Duelist at  Duel Academy  named Jaden has gotten famous for using "his" Deck. Aster challenges Jaden Yuki and announces that he will be returning to Duel Academy. Before Aster leaves for Duel Academy he meets with Sartorius, when Sartorius questions Aster if he is using  those cards , Aster claims that he's going to show Jaden the true Heroes. Sartorius reads Aster's destiny and assures Aster of his usual success and claims that he didn't even need to foretell his future.
 Aster visits  Duel Academy  by sky-surfing from a cargo plane. Aster soon punishes a thief trying to escape from the Academy after stealing a batch of cards from the school store by defeating the thief in a Duel and knocking him unconscious with one of his  monsters . Aster then encounters  Jaden  and his friends after they rush to the scene.  Bastion  questions Aster on what happened to the unconscious man, but Aster only smirks and comments that's it's been a while since he and Jaden last met. When Vice Chancellor Bonaparte tells Aster that the fate of the  Slifer Red  dorm hangs in the balance of their Duel, Aster insults him by claiming that he would have to become his sponsor before they can utilize his Dueling, but that he wouldn't be able to afford it with his salary. Aster then tells Jaden that he will be waiting for him at the school's Duel arena first thing in the morning, and that no spectators but his friends are allowed. Aster claims that the Duel will be nothing special to him and that a  Pro  does not reveal his skills recklessly. Jaden exclaims to Aster that his " Elemental Hero " Deck means everything to him, but Aster only laughs and tells him not to forget that.
 
           Aster Duels Jaden     
 Aster claims that the Duel will decide which of them is the true "Hero" user. He tells Jaden that he won't win against him and that Aster has something that Jaden does not have, Aster then tells Jaden that he will understand soon. A battle between "Heroes" erupts as the two mirror each other with their respective "Elemental Hero" monsters. After Jaden manages to remove Aster's "Shining Phoenix Enforcer" from the field, Jaden calls the Duel fun. Aster criticizes Jaden for calling the Duel fun and that a Duel between "Heroes" should not be enjoyable. Aster claims that Jaden's carefree view of "Heroes" makes him sick, and Aster claims that he needs his heroes - the "true Heroes" to live. Aster then unleashes the true monsters of his Deck, the '"Destiny Hero" cards, which he proclaims are the true power and surpass that of the "Elemental Heroes". Aster takes control of the Duel, effectively controlling time around Jaden by continuously sending his monsters into the future as the hands of Aster's " Clock Tower Prison " hands continue to spin, which Aster describes as the countdown to Jaden's defeat and that he cannot escape his Destiny.
 
           Aster flanked by one of his  Duel Spirits , "Dreadmaster"     
 Aster Summons " Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster " when "Clock Tower Prison" is destroyed and stops Jaden's " Elemental Hero Thunder Giant " from being able to destroy any Destiny Heroes with "Dreadmaster's" effect. Aster claims that he will become the greatest Duelist, and that he will also find his father's attacker who will have a  certain card  and rid the world of crime "his way". Aster defeats Jaden and claims that he is the true  Hero  user and that he and his "Destiny Heroes" surpass Jaden and his "Elemental Heroes". As Aster triumphantly walks away the  spirit  of "Dreadmaster" flanks him. Unbeknownst to Aster,  Sartorius  had snuck a portion of his spiritual energy into his Deck prior to the Duel that would activate and brainwash Jaden to his side upon Jaden's defeat, but ended up temporarily blinding him to his cards instead due to the boy's power to defy his destiny.
 Aster later meets with Sartorius, who tells him that something against his predictions is happening, which shocks Aster, who is surprised that something has gone awry with Sartorius's predictions, which are usually correct. Sartorius tells Aster that there is someone at  Duel Academy  who can overcome their fate; when Aster becomes curious Sartorius tells him that if he wishes to find out then that he should return to Duel Academy. Aster wants nothing to do with Duel Academy and walks away. Aster remembers when he first meets Sartorius when they were younger, and Aster states that the fate Sartorius predicts is absolute, and wonders how someone could overcome it. Bonaparte then contacts Aster with a request.
 Aster returns to Duel Academy and shows up before Alexis and the rest of Jaden's friends when Alexis asks  Principal Crowler  and  Vice Principal Bonaparte  who her opponent will be to decide the fate of the Slifer Red dorm. Aster reveals that he will be her opponent to the shock of everyone besides Bonaparte. Aster meets  Chazz Princeton  before the Duel, who asks Aster if he came on behalf of Sartorius, the leader of the Society of Light, but Aster has never heard of the Society of Light, surprising Chazz. Aster is then asked by Chazz if he came to obliterate  Jaden , in which Aster replies that he doesn't need to as he has already annihilated Jaden. Chazz continues to tell Aster that even though Aster defeated Jaden, Jaden did not become a member of the Society, which means that Sartorius's power does not work on Jaden. The information simply confuses Aster further and Chazz walks away. Aster demands that Chazz explain himself, but he does not receive an answer. Aster starts to wonder if Jaden really is the one Sartorius was speaking of, the one who can change destiny.
 
           Aster's presence frightening Alexis     
 Aster's presence frightens Alexis. Vice Chancellor Bonaparte announces that the fate of the Red Dorm is at stake, but before the Duel can begin, Jaden re-enters the arena and thanks Aster for enabling him to receive his new Deck. Aster reminds Jaden that there are no  heroes  that surpass the " Destiny Heroes " on Earth, but Jaden claims that his new Heroes comes from space, leaving Aster wondering. Jaden Duels instead of Alexis, as Jaden feels he is the one to Duel Aster. Although Jaden tells Aster that they should enjoy their Duel, Aster reminds Jaden that no matter how many times they Duel, he will be victorious. 
 
           Aster reuniting with Jaden     
 Aster is surprised when Jaden summons " Neo Spacian Aqua Dolphin ", but he quickly takes back the Duel and Summons "Dreadmaster". When Jaden Summons his new Hero, " Elemental Hero Neos ", Aster protests that it's impossible, as Aster has never heard of or seen that "Hero". Aster is furious when Jaden manages to destroy "Dreadmaster" by using  Contact Fusion  to Summon " Elemental Hero Aqua Neos ", and Aster starts to speak of destiny and claims that his victory is already decided just as in their previous Duel. To everyone's surprise, "Aqua Neos" returns to the  Fusion Deck  during the  End Phase  and leaves Jaden defenseless.
 
           Aster putting Jaden down     
 Aster takes advantage of the opening and has his "Destiny Heroes" attack Jaden directly, depleting almost all of Jaden's Life Points in only one turn. In Aster's mind he comments that Jaden does not know the burden of the true heroes and continues to become annoyed as Jaden regains small advantages with his new  Neo-Spacians . As Jaden shows Aster more of his new "Neo-Spacians" and his excitement of their being more "Heroes", Jaden increasingly angers Aster to the point that Aster laments that he does not believe in "Heroes" without destiny, referencing his past, as Aster uses the "Destiny Heroes" to eliminate all crime, and to also find his father's attacker. When Jaden mentions that Aster's father as a card designer must have created the "Destiny Heroes" to please him instead of angering him, it causes Aster to remember the good memories that he had with his father when he was younger and he notes that Jaden is correct, but Aster laments to himself that he only feels sorrow at the sight of his "Destiny Heroes". Aster is interrupted from the thoughts of his past by Bonaparte, who tries to get Aster to believe that Jaden is trying to confuse him. Aster begins to have a change of heart and he wonders if he's burdened his "Destiny Heroes" with his own fate by using them for revenge. Aster quickly closes the gap between Life Points with another and Summons "Dreadmaster" again, this time using its Summoning effect to gather Tributes for " Destiny Hero – Dogma ". With Dogma Summoned, Jaden's Life Points are cut in half during Jaden's next turn, leaving Jaden with barely any Life Points left. Jaden tries to respond to Aster's "Dogma", by Summoning "Neos". Aster remarks that Neos is still much weaker then Dogma, but Jaden proceeds to Contact Fuse "Neos" and " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab " to Summon " Elemental Hero Flare Neos ", causing Aster to remember how he was always excited to see the new heroes his father had made for him. Aster shields Dogma from Flare Neos's attack with " D - Shield ", prompting Jaden to praise Aster. Aster accepts Jaden's praise, and compliments Jaden's " Neos " as a great Hero, even so, Aster tells Jaden that he still won't lose the Duel. Aster attempts to end the Duel by using " Heavy Storm Blade " in combination with "Dogma" to destroy " Neo Space ", but he accidentally destroys Jaden's Set " Spell Calling ", allowing Jaden to Set two more Spell Cards and power up "Flare Neos". Shocked and amazed with what is happening, Aster determines that Jaden can indeed defy Sartorius's predictions; "Dogma" is destroyed and Jaden wins.
 
           Jaden happily admits to Aster they're tied.     
 As Jaden celebrates his victory Aster admits that he lost today, but that it doesn't mean that his "Destiny Heroes" had lost, only that his abilities are imperfect. Jaden states that their first Duel didn't count, so he and Aster are tied. Aster agrees and tells Jaden that he will clear the tie between them eventually. As Aster walks off the Duel platform Crowler and Bonaparte who are cowering in fear of him in the stands, Aster catches up to them and declares that he will be making  Duel Academy  his base, Aster also declares that the  Pro League  is very busy so he won't come frequently; the Chancellors only cower in fear and wish him luck as Aster walks away. Outside the Academy, Asters tries to call  Sartorius  but to no avail, Aster realizes Sartorius has disappeared, but Aster wants answers, such as what Sartorius is planning and what the Society of Light is. Aster knows that if he stays at the Academy with Jaden Sartorius will show up again, as Jaden can overcome destiny. 
 Aster spends most of his time at Duel Academy relaxing on his yacht. He starts giving advice to Jaden about Sartorius and his associates; informing him of the strategy of X, and warning that  Tyranno Hassleberry  had no chance against Sartorius in a Duel, in addition to informing Jaden and his friends that Sartorius can foretell destiny.
 
           Aster tells Sartorius he will keep an eye on him.     
 Aster accompanies his fellow Duel Academy students to  Domino City  for the field trip.  Bastion  questions Aster on what Sartorius is up to as Sartorius is his manager after all, but Aster denies this and says that he isn't any more, prompting him to remember a conversation he had with Sartorius which increased his suspicion of who he thought was his friend. Aster later finds Jaden who has just found  Solomon Muto  dumped in a pile of trash after he was kidnapped and tells him of his uneasy feeling. Aster then begins noticing four " Monarch " Duel Spirits forming a barrier around the city. He tells Jaden that ever since he Dueled him he has begun to see strange things, hinting at his ability to see  Duel Monster Spirits . Later they meet  Frost  who just defeated Syrus and Hassleberry. Jaden asks what he did causing Frost to tell him he is taking them to  Sarina  who Aster recognizes as  Sartoriuss ' younger sister.
 Aster is later seen in his trailer scoffing at Jaden's nonchalance of the situation after Jaden becomes amiable with a strangers  T-Bone  and  Blaze  in the middle of the night. The strangers turn out to be working for  Sarina , and they challenge Jaden to a Duel but Jaden defeats  T-Bone . Sarina appears and seals T-Bone into a card then challenges Jaden after showing Syrus and Hassleberry trapped inside pods at the  Virtual World Facility  and challenges Aster telling him to come too as it is destiny. Realizing this is what Sartorius meant earlier on, Aster heads toward the facility with Jaden and Bastion in tow shortly after Sarina's challenge. After arriving at the virtual facility they decide to leave Bastion behind along with Solomon. Aster enters the facility along with Jaden however they are blinded by a light soon after reaching the room Hassleberry and Syrus were in.
 
           Jaden begs Aster for his help.     
 Aster and Jaden regain consciousness to find that they've been trapped in the virtual world. Aster soon discovers Jaden's friends; Hassleberry who has been turned into a dinosaur and Syrus who has been turned into a car, and he also discovers  Frost ,  Thunder ,  Blaze  and T-Bone sealed in the virtual world. When Sarina finally reveals herself, Aster demands that she answer why she has brought him here. Sarina states that Sartorius predicted that one of them has the power to save him which causes Aster to wonder if his destiny has changed. Sarina challenges Aster and Jaden to a tag Duel with a virtual double of herself. Aster agrees to Duel alongside Jaden when he asks for his help but Aster claims that he is Dueling for more personal reasons than saving Jaden's friends.
 
           Aster and Jaden finally decide to work together     
 Aster quickly surmises that Sarina's cards and moves have a deeper meaning behind them. Aster soon finds himself becoming competitive towards Jaden as he feels that he alone is the predicted one. He becomes more and more frustrated with Jaden's stupidity and misjudgment that results in both of their monsters being destroyed by Sarina's  Mirror Bind . Aster explains to Jaden that they need to focus on removing the Sarinas's " Silver Spirit - Ukyo " and " Silver Spirit - Sakyo " from the field to prevent them from being able to use Mirror Bind. Aster takes the lead after Jaden realizes that he should let the  Pro  figure out a way to attack, destroying one of the Sarinas' "Silver Spirits" and inflicting the first damage to them, while still seeing himself as the one in Sartorius's prediction. Aster soon corners the Sarinas' "Ukyo" and "Sakyou" with " Destiny HERO - Double Dude ", but he notices that the moon cast by the Sarinas' " Full Moon Mirror " has blackened and that they have come upon a black fog.
 After the Sarinas Summon " Dark Creator ", Aster realizes that it was the source of his uneasiness all along. "Dark Creator" destroys Jaden's monsters, and Aster assumes that Sarina will attack directly but Jaden simply states that it is the end, yet the attack never occurs. Aster tells Jaden to think about why Sarina attack again, having deduced that "Dark Creator" cannot attack directly. Jaden is pleased that Aster has decided to assist him, but Aster claims that he still doesn't approve of Jaden, much to Jaden's embarrassment. When Jaden becomes excited by the Sarinas monsters Aster ponders that he's not taking the Duel very seriously. Aster Summons " Destiny Hero - Dasher " and increases the ATK of "Dasher" with its effect to surpass that of "Dark Creator", but unfortunately "Dark Creator" cannot be destroyed by battle. Aster thinks impressively of Jaden as Jaden still wishes to turn the tables, but he decides to assist Jaden by using the effect of "Destiny Hero – Dasher", which allows Jaden to Summon " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther " and eventually " Elemental Hero Dark Neos " defeating "Dark Creator" and winning the Duel.
 Jaden admits that he would've lost if he did not pair with Aster, an admission that impresses Aster. After the Duel, Sarina collapses but she begs Aster to save her brother. Sarina then tells Aster the story of Sartorius's past and of a mysterious man who once came to get his fortune told, brought a " Hero " card holding a strong ominous entity that came to possess Sartorius and develop a split personality within him. Aster asks whether the card was the "Destiny Hero" that was stolen from his father and if Sartorius still has the card. Sarina replies that he doesn't; the card vanished from Sartorius's possession. Before Aster can force anymore information from Sarina the virtual world begins to collapse. Sarina begins to fade away but pleads for Aster to use his ability to return Sartorius to the kind-hearted person he once was and to stop the entity possessing Sartorius from leading the world to destruction. Sarinas states that she realizes that both Aster and Jaden can alter Sartorius's destiny. Aster soon leaves the collapsing virtual world with Jaden and co in tow, and once outside he expresses concern over saving Sarina before leaving  Domino City  afterwards.
 
           Aster confirms his prognostication of the future.     
 Despite the chaos caused by the Society of Light at Duel Academy, Aster relaxes comfortably on his yacht while easily foiling Jaden and co's attempts to steal his food. Aster keeps tabs on  Bastion Misawa  in his trademark " Doom Lord ". Bastion later crosses paths with a waiting Aster outside the Ra Yellow dormitory, when questioned, Aster claims that he just likes to take daily strolls at night. Although Aster continues to mock Bastion with sarcastic comments on his endeavor to challenge Sartorius, Bastion indicates that he will prove to Aster that he is too a strong Duelist as before heading off. Aster makes contact with Jaden and his friends and tells them to head to the Academy's Duel Arena; as Bastion has run off to challenge Sartorius. When Jaden asks Aster if Bastion has a chance of defeating Sartorius, Aster replies that he does not. Aster states that even if Bastion could somehow win against Sartorius that he still wouldn't win, since although Bastion is a strong Duelist and wants to become stronger, Bastion also wants the people around him and his friends to recognize him. Jaden and his friends run off, and Aster soon appears after Bastion loses to Chazz, he confirms that Bastion let Chazz win and admits that Bastion's intellect would have been a tough opponent for Sartorius, but unfortunately Sartorius was still able to overcome him by preying on Bastion's newly developed anxiety.
 
           Aster announces that he will keep eyes on how things develop from henceforth.     
 Aster eventually is next seen watching as  Chancellor Sheppard  returns to  Duel Academy  and announces the opening of the Genex tournament along with an excited Jaden and Jaden's friends. After the announcement, Aster keeps his usual laid back and aloof attitude in contrast to Jaden's excitement while the two discuss the Genex tournament along with Hassleberry and Syrus. While Hasslebery and Syrus are too afraid to Duel Jaden in fear that they will be easily defeated, Aster states that he will be keeping a close eye on how things develop. Aster watches Chazz duel  Gelgo ; a low ranking pro who Aster almost lost to. When Jaden arrives, Aster states that Chazz is actually  winning . Chazz defeats Gelgo and then challenges Jaden in front of Aster, Hassleberry, and Syrus before leaving. When Jaden asks Aster if he is going to Duel, Aster wittingly replies that all the Duelists on the island are avoiding him for some reason. Hassleberry responds to Aster's statement saying that they are avoiding him because Aster is obviously way too strong. Aster reveals more than a handful of Genex medals that he won from defeating Duelists that were curious about him to Hassleberry's shock and Aster casually gives Hasslebery the medals, which Hassleberry accepts happily, though Aster claims that they were weighing his pockets down. After giving away the medals, Aster rhetorically asks Hassleberry if he wants to be his opponent which greatly intimidates Hasslebery, Hassleberry simply doesn't respond and Aster nonchalantly departs while advising Jaden, Hassleberry, and Syrus to do their best. Aster watches Jaden's Duel with the brainwashed Chazz during the Genex Tournament. After Jaden gets Chazz to regain himself, Chazz causes himself to lose in order to destroy the monster Sartorius gave him, this causes Aster to note how Jaden defeated a part of Sartorius's power and explain to Hassleberry that there are some monsters one must defeat.
 
           Aster instructs Jaden to guard the second and last key.     
 Aster is later seen on his yacht staring at the light emanating from Duel Academy but he is soon disturbed by the true Sartorius. Sartorius tells Aster that the light he is staring at is  The Light of Destruction  and that it plans on wiping out humanity. Sartorius hands a case to Aster and he tells Aster to protect the key and to save the world, claiming that the fate of the planet rests in Aster's hands. Afterwards, Aster wonders why Sartorius was out there and he opens the case, revealing the key and wondering what the key is, and what it is for. Aster later appears while a confused Jaden is talking to Hassleberry in the Slifer Red Dorm about a strange key that he got from Sartorius the previous night. Aster remarks that the key is very important and that the fate of the world rests with the key. Aster shows Jaden his key which astonishes Jaden, Aster states that he will protect the key and instructs Jaden to do the same, and Jaden agrees.
 
           Aster mocks an angry Zane.     
 Aster Phoenix ends up in a confrontation with Zane Truesdale, who is also participating in the Genex Tournament. Zane only stares angrily at Aster, while Aster states that he had heard that Zane had changed and further taunts Zane by asking if Zane's loss to him was too much for Zane. Aster asks if Zane wants to Duel him for revenge and activates his Duel Disk. Before the Duel can take place, Aster is interrupted by Syrus who begs Aster not to Duel his brother. Syrus decides to be Zane's opponent. Aster explains to Syrus about Zane's pride and remarks that he doesn't mind if Syrus wants to Duel Zane. During the Duel Aster observes Zane's drastic change, from the Zane who Dueled with pride to a man now completely devoid of it, and witnesses Syrus's loss to his brother.
 
           Aster easily defeats many Genex Duelists.     
 Aster continues to look for the "Hero" card, easily defeating various Pro League Duelists in search for the card and its possessor. Remembering Sarina's words after defeating her that Sartorius was the last one to come in contact with the card, he furiously rushes to the White Dorm to have a word with Sartorius only to be prevented from entering by the brainwashed students.
 
           Aster watches the D's Title Duel.     
 Aster watches the  Pro League 's World Title Duel between his adoptive father  The D  against the contender Doctor Collector. While he watches the D head toward the stadium, Aster remembers when he first met the D. [6] , The D lives up to his reputation and fends off Dr. Collector, but the broadcast is disrupted the result can be shown. Immediately after the Duel, Aster calls the D to check if his foster father had made it out of the stadium safely. Aster finally gets answer from the D, only for the D in front of a destroyed stadium to calmly express how it had been a long time and that his ship will be near  Duel Academy  soon and that he looks forward to seeing Aster before ending the call.
 Aster takes his yacht to the D's massive private luxurious cruise ship. Once on board, Aster meets with the D and asks him about the results of his Pro League Duel with Dr. Collector, only for the D to announce that he won but that Collector is dead. The D angers Aster when he mentions defeating Dr. Collector with the "Ultimate D" and he proceeds to trap Aster on the cruise ship. He explains that only door that Aster can exit through is the one behind the D. Aster asks the D why he is doing this and the D replies that it is because of the promise that they made to one another have a Title Duel, a promise the D claims to have kept by retaining his title and status as World Duel Monsters Champion. The D holds up "Ultimate D" card and admits that he is the one who killed (kidnapped in the dub)  Aster's father . Aster asks why the D did so, and the D simply states that his greed for the glory and prestige of a Pro Duelist and his selfishness of wanting to become a legend were his reasons, claiming that any Duelist would do it to win. The D explains that it was thanks to Aster that he was able to find out that Aster's father worked for  Industrial Illusions  and that he was developing a secret card. The D describes how he obtained the card and attacked Aster's father, and the D states that only fortune and victory came after stealing the Ultimate D. Aster denies the D's confession, wanting to know why he would become Aster's foster father after committing such an act; the D explains that he deceived Aster deflect suspicion. Aster angrily calls the D disgraceful and selfish but the D denies Aster's judgement, claiming that he wanted to see if he was the chosen one. He relates the situation to history's legendary figures committing sin to achieve their goals and claims that he is the legend and chosen one who stands before Aster. Aster calls the D insane, but the D does not listen and calls Aster a "commoner". Aster furiously denounces the D and accepts their Duel.
 
           Aster witnesses the Summon of " Destiny Hero - Plasma ".     
 Aster takes the lead with "Clock Tower Prison" and "Destiny Hero - Dogma" while setting himself up to use " Destiny Draw ", but at the cost of his entire hand. However the D Summons the Ultimate Destiny Card – " Destiny Hero - Plasma " on his next turn and uses "Plasma" to absorb "Destiny Hero - Dogma", gaining half of Dogma's ATK and Dogma's effect. "Plasma" changes the tide of the Duel and does substantial damage to Aster's Life Points, causing Aster to realize that Plasma's attack inflicted real damage to him. Although Aster still vows to win the Duel, the D further destabilizes the Duel as he activates another extremely powerful "Destiny Card"; " D - Force "; causing a powerful white entity to engulf the D and "Plasma" and is revealed to be inhabiting The D. The entity tells Aster to not fear demise as it states that "everything" else will also soon end and that Aster will only be one of the early few. The D continues to taunt Aster, observing that Aster keeps using the power of his "Destiny Heroes" to control the future but Aster himself is stuck in the past. Aster uses a complicated combination of cards to thwart the D's attempts to prevent the hands of "Clock Tower Prison" from moving, Summon "Dreadmaster" and build a defense, and even cause the D to draw "D-Force" from the top of his Deck and temporarily remove "Plasma's" immunity. However the D reactivates "D Force" at the top of his Deck and then proceeds to activate the " Unfair Judge " to attack all of Aster's newly Summoned "Destiny Heroes" with "Plasma".
 Aster is discouraged by the sight of his "Destiny Heroes" being destroyed by the "Ultimate Destiny Card" his father created for him by the man responsible for his father's demise. Fortunately the voice of his father prompts him to not forget the true power of the "Destiny Heroes". Aster draws, and is rewarded with " Destiny Hero - Dark Angel " that causes him to remember first inheriting it. Aster quickly discerns "Dark Angel's" use and why his father created it; as part of a weakness to "Destiny Hero - Plasma" when he realized that it was inhabited by a malicious entity. Aster discards "Dark Angel" to place itself on the top of his opponent's Deck, therefore stopping "D Force" from affecting "Plasma". With "Plasma" no longer invincible, Aster uses the Equip Card destruction effect of " Destiny Hero - Celestial " in combination with "Dark City" to overpower "Plasma". When Aster allows the D time to prepare himself before he ends him, the D desperately reveals that although he hadn't used "Plasma" in an official Duel, he used "Plasma" to take the souls of Duelist he defeated in Underground Dueling. The D shows Aster the many souls sealed in "Plasma" including Doctor Collector and the soul of Aster's father. Aster's father emerges and sees how Aster has grown. The D attempts to stop Aster from attacking him, but Aster's father explains his regret in creating "Plasma" and he states that he was forced to create the card by  The Light of Destruction .  Aster's father also tells Aster that the Light of Destruction that The D is using is only a shell, and that the true power of the light controls Sartorius. He states that if it is not stopped it will bring ruin to the world. Aster's father urges his son to defeat the D and "Plasma" to avenge Aster and himself. Aster hears his father's last words which trigger a quick flash of peaceful memories that Aster had with his father when still young as "Celestial" destroys "Plasma", defeating the D.
 
           Aster takes his leave after avenging his father.     
 The defeat of the D causes the D to faint and the light inhabiting "Destiny Hero - Plasma" is vanquished, but also sets the massive yacht ablaze. In the midst of the fire, Aster picks up the fallen "Destiny Hero - Plasma" card. The D awakens, but in his madness he is engulfed in the fire. As Aster escapes, a helicopter appears accommodated by Chancellor Sheppard who lowers the ladder. Aster is carried away by the helicopter and witnesses a huge explosion that destroys most of the ship.
 
           Aster on the verge of destroying the  Light of Destruction     
 Aster returns to Duel Academy despite efforts to stop him, breaks into  the White Dorm  and corners  Sartorius  in the Society of Light's private Duel Field. As a child, he promised his friend that he would save him from his destiny of becoming a destroyer, but he was not certain how he would do so when the time came. He considers giving up the key to the laser satellite that was handed to him by Sartorius’s good personality, but Jaden intervenes and tells him its true purpose. Recognizing that the present Sartorius is  The Light of Destruction  posing as his lost companion,  Aster  wagers the key in a Duel. He soon finds that fate within the Duel isn't under his control as usual, as Sartorius's " Arcana Force " monsters stop their own rotations to put Aster in a difficult situation. Eventually, the good-hearted Sartorius appears before him, and the two offer one another support. Aster, aided by the spirit of the good Sartorius tells him that he can change his fate. They utilize their destiny-surpassing friendship and make an incredible counter attack by Summoning "Plasma" and attacking the possessed Sartorius directly twice, almost winning Aster the Duel. Pushed into a corner,  The Light of Destruction  uses its last cards to bring forth " Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ." "The Light Ruler" engulfs the field in light and destroys "Plasma." Aster is then kidnapped by Sartorius still possessed by  The Light of Destruction , who ransoms him in return for Jaden's remaining key. This fails, and Aster is freed shortly by Hassleberry.
 
 Dimension World 
 At the beginning of the third year, Aster stops by Duel Academy to see  Jesse Anderson 's  Crystal Beast  monsters. In the past, after winning a tournament sponsored by  Industrial Illusions , Aster conversed with  Maximillion Pegasus  himself, who told him that Aster is fourth out of his top five favourite Duelists, the others before him being  Yugi Muto ,  Seto Kaiba , and  Joey Wheeler . When  Aster  asked who the fifth was,  Pegasus  told him it was Jesse Anderson, a young Duelist who while participating in a European competition was chosen by the Crystal Beasts. Pegasus then went on to explain that he awarded Jesse the cards as they had chosen him.
 Along with  Dr. Eisenstein , Aster makes contact with Jaden and company, telling them that the " Rainbow Dragon " card is needed in order to transport Duel Academy back to its original place. After  Duel Academy  returns he and Zane find Jaden and the others trying to open the fourth dimension to search for  Jesse , who is stuck in the alternate dimension. However, they get too close and are sucked into the dimension as well. He and Zane are separated from the others and travel on their own. They re-unite with Syrus (who is in danger at that time), Zane Summons his " Cyber End Dragon " and saves Syrus but they are forced to split up again. After Jaden's descent into  darkness , they work against  The Supreme King  by defeating the Supreme King's  minions  and buying  Axel Brodie  time to confront the King himself. When  Adrian Gecko  teleports him and the others to another alternate dimension, he Duels Adrian after seeing him cruelly treat  Echo . Early in the Duel, he deduces correctly that Adrian is trying to complete "Exodia", and he thus limits their hand sizes to four, but this inadvertently allows Adrian to unleash " Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ". Adrian, even after being knocked down by  Aster 's monsters, uses Echo as a live sacrifice and extracts her soul as tribute for "Exodius," which he then uses later to send the "Exodia" pieces to the  Graveyard ,  winning him the Duel  and releasing  Exodia . Aster decides to protect his friends and slows down  Exodia  with " Destiny HERO - Plasma " while he shields everyone from the blast. As his  Life Points  slowly decrease, Aster orders  Zane  to get to everyone out of the cave, then " Exodia " launches an attack which causes a huge explosion. He is later seen revived along with everyone else who perished in the Duel Spirit world in the alternate dimension after Jaden fuses with Yubel.
 
 Darkness 
           " Ojama Yellow " attacks Aster directly.     
 In the fourth season  Doctor Crowler  arranges for  Chazz Princeton  to train under Aster as an apprentice for the  Pro League . Despite being an excellent assistant, Chazz loses the Final D-Card guarded by Aster much to his anger, and Chazz then loses a Duel against Jaden on purpose on  Mike 's orders, thus Aster is forced to retire. Mike then sets up a Duel between Chazz and Aster to determine which of them retires. Before the Duel, Aster visited an orphanage that he funded, observed by Chazz. Mike had threatened to have it torn down if Aster didn't agree to the Duel - and lose - under the premise that he was jealous of Chazz's new popularity. As the Duel began, Aster quickly brought out " Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster " against Chazz's " Masked Dragons ". Chazz calls out two copies of " Armed Dragon LV5 " and then evolved them into  Armed Dragon LV7s ". Aster was impressed, and told Chazz that he'd become an opponent worthy of defeating, but Mike contacted them, telling Aster to end it there. Before the Duel could progress further, it is revealed by Jaden that  Mike  stole the card, and Aster is thus allowed to remain in the league. After failing to defeat Chazz with " Destiny HERO - Plasma ", he brings out the Final D-Card, " Destiny End Dragoon ," but Chazz is able to destroy it with his own ultimate monster, " Armed Dragon LV10 ", then finish Aster off with an attack from his ace, " Ojama Yellow ". Aster promises he'll defeat him in return one day, but he urges Chazz to accept the support of his new fans.
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In the dub only,  Blister  describes to  Yusei  how he was offered a contract from  KaibaCorp  to go into Professional Dueling. The deal would have given him chances to Duel with  Jack Atlas , Aster Phoenix and Truesdale (it's unclear whether he was referring to  Zane  or  Syrus ). [7] 
 
 Other appearances 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga , Aster's photo appeared on a file in the hands of  Principal MacKenzie . Though he is still a student at the  American Duel Academy , he also competes  professionally .
 
 Aster Phoenix  (ARC-V) Aster Phoenix (manga) Aster Phoenix ( Spirit Caller ) Aster Phoenix ( World Championship ) Aster Phoenix ( Tag Force ) Aster Phoenix ( Millennium Duels ) Aster Phoenix ( Legacy of the Duelist ) Aster Phoenix ( Duel Links ) 
 Decks 
 Mishmash 
 Aster played a Deck constructed with cards from eight random Booster Packs. While mostly an unsorted group of cards, this Deck had a few key cards to Summon and make use of " Archlord Zerato ". Most of the cards in this Deck were from the  Ancient Sanctuary  expansion of the  TCG / OCG .
 
 
 Mishmash Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gogiga Gagagigo [Notes 1] 
 Metal Armored Bug [Notes 1] 
 Mystical Shine Ball [Notes 2] 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Sealmaster Meisei [Notes 1] 
 Soul Tiger [Notes 1] 
 Warrior of Zera 
 Effect Monsters 
 Archlord Zerato 
 Atomic Firefly [Notes 1] 
 Lady Ninja Yae [Notes 1] 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs [Notes 1] 
 The Agent of Wisdom - Mercury [Notes 1] 
 The Kick Man [Notes 1] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Greed [Notes 3] 
 Monster Gate [Notes 4] 
 Opti-Camouflage Armor [Notes 1] 
 Recycle [Notes 3] 
 Reload 
 Soul Absorption [Notes 3] 
 The Sanctuary in the Sky 
 Wild Nature's Release [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Chain Disappearance [Notes 1] 
 Hero 
 Aster’s true Deck is a  " Hero " Deck  consisting of " Elemental Heroes " and " Destiny Heroes ". Some of his "Elemental Hero" tactics are similar to  Jaden 's, though some use  alternate artwork  versions. After his loss to Jaden's " Neo-Spacians ", Aster seemingly ceased to use his "Elemental Heroes" and focused exclusively on "Destiny Heroes", other than using  one   support  card while teaming with Jaden.
 After acquiring " Destiny Hero - Plasma ", Aster makes it the centerpiece of his Deck in honor of  his father . Aster later acquires " Destiny End Dragoon ", a  Fusion Monster  designed by the  Senrigan Group .
 
 
 Hero Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 D Cubed  x3 
 Destiny Hero - Blade Master 
 Destiny Hero - Captain Tenacious 
 Destiny Hero - Celestial 
 Destiny Hero - Dark Angel 
 Destiny Hero - Dasher 
 Destiny Hero - Defender 
 Destiny Hero - Departed 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Disk Commander 
 Destiny Hero - Dogma 
 Destiny Hero - Doom Lord 
 Destiny Hero - Double Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Dread Servant 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 Destiny Hero - Dunker 
 Destiny Hero - Fear Monger 
 Destiny Hero - Malicious  x2 
 Destiny Hero - Plasma [Notes 5] 
 Elemental Hero Bladedge [Notes 6] 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman [Notes 6] 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart [Notes 6] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Elemental Hero Phoenix Enforcer 
 Elemental Hero Shining Phoenix Enforcer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clock Tower Prison 
 D - Acceleration 
 D - Burst 
 D - Force 
 D - Formation 
 D - Mind 
 D - Spirit 
 Dark City 
 Destiny Draw 
 Doctor D 
 Drain Time 
 Force of Four 
 Fusion Sage [Notes 7] 
 Graceful Charity 
 Guard Penalty 
 Heavy Storm Blade 
 Magical Stone Excavation 
 Mausoleum of the Emperor 
 Misfortune 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Over Destiny 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Pot of Greed 
 Ring of Magnetism 
 Spark Blaster 
 Terraforming [Notes 7] 
 Traps 
 D - Chain 
 D - Counter 
 D - Fortune 
 D - Shield 
 D - Time 
 Destiny Mirage 
 Destiny Signal 
 Destruction of Destiny 
 Draining Shield 
 Elemental Recharge 
 Eternal Dread  x2 
 Greed Pact 
 Hero Signal [Notes 6] 
 Plasma Counter 
 Plasma Discharger 
 Plasma Roar 
 Trap Jammer 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 30  Pro League  Duelists 
 57  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 53 
 Lose
 
 
 Card thief 
 57 
 Win
 
 
 Zane Truesdale 
 57 
 Win
 
 
 Card thief 
 58 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 58 - 59 
 Win
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 67 - 68 
 Lose
 
 
 Sarina 
 78 - 79 
 Win (with  Jaden Yuki )
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelists 
 87 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Gelgo  (dub only) 
 87  (mentioned) 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 Pro League  Duelist 
 97 
 Win
 
 
 Genex Tournament  Duelist 
 97 
 Win
 
 
 8 Genex Tournament Duelists 
 97 
 Win (off-screen)
 
 
 The D / The Light of Destruction 
 98 
 Win
 
 
 Sartorius / The Light of Destruction 
 100 - 101 
 Lose
 
 
 Industrial Illusions  Tournament Duelists 
 107  (mentioned) 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 141 
 Win
 
 
 Skilled White Magician  and  Skilled Dark Magician / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 142 - 143 
 Win
 
 
 Adrian Gecko 
 144 - 145 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel assistant 
 165 
 Not shown
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 166 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Characters" . May 16, 2015 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/contents/yugioh2004/chara.html . 
 
 ↑   http://www.yugioh.com/characters/aster-phoenix 
 
 ↑   "[Anime  The Return of Yet Another Character From Series Past"]. February 22, 2016 .  https://ygorganization.com/dtime/ . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 104: " Fighting Between The Rubble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 76: " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 97: " The Dark Light " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 12: " The Take Back, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.00   1.01   1.02   1.03   1.04   1.05   1.06   1.07   1.08   1.09   1.10   This card can be seen during the  Season 2 opening theme . 
 
 ↑   This card is  discarded  to  activate  the  effect  of " Archlord Zerato " in  episode 53 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   This card can be seen in his  hand  in  episode 53  before he activates " Reload ". 
 
 ↑   This card is discarded to activate " Beckoning Light " in  episode 53 . 
 
 ↑   This card is won from  The D  in  episode 98 . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   This card was  sent  from the top of his Deck to the  Graveyard  via the effect of " Destruction of Destiny " in  episode 57 . 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   This card is discarded to activate " Magical Stone Excavation " in  episode 59 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Aster Phoenix  (Edo Phoenix) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Newedo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111231103853', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Edo_Linework.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070608004259', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Mr.phoenix.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140521194840', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/Aster_is_reminded.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140507061559', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Aster_defeats_Zane.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140219114107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Jaden_vs_Aster.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140423105413', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/Aster_covered_in_dreadmasters_aura.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140423111913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Aster_emits_aura.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140521201047', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/Aster_and_jaden_cross_paths.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140521201925', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Aster_puts_jaden_down.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140521202937', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Aster_and_jaden_are_tied.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140521205948', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Aster_even_more_weary_of_Sartorius.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140328061018', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Aster_and_Jaden_in_the_virtual_world.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141029170315', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Aster_and_Jaden_along_with_spirits.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141029172134', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Aster_reappears.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140911013023', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Aster_watches_over_things.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140911014701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/Aster_instructs_jaden.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140911020949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Aster_mocks_zane.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140911022500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Aster_defeats_league_duelist.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140911025638', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d8/Aster_watching_the_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141029161311', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/59/Aster_and_plasma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141215075743', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/Aster_leaves.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141215094154', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/Aster_attacking_the_light.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140328061631', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/Ojama_Yellow_puts_Aster_in_his_place.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140219124422', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/AsterPhoenix%28ArcV%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20160612145345', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2c/Edo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/179?cb=20090203020752', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/AsterSpiritCaller.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140611172428', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/AsterWorldChampionship2008.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20140611172234', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Aster-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/121?cb=20160706163858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/AsterPhoenixMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/115?cb=20190606142934', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/AsterPhoenixMD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/115?cb=20190606142934', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/AsterPhoenix-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/88?cb=20171006075624', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Aster Phoenix pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters