Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mokuba_Kaiba_(Duel_Links)


 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬モクバ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Seto Kaiba  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Mokuba Deck Eye-Eyed Silver Deck Big Bro's Blue-Eyes Deck Poison Hamburger Deck My Very Own Dragon Deck My Divine Dragon Deck High-Power Dragon Deck Super Dragon Deck 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Tara Sands 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Junko Takeuchi 
 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Mokuba Kaiba , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 He is unlocked as a playable character by clearing the second  Mission Bingo  card. Prior to being made available as a playable character, he had also appeared as a non-playable character in special events as a roaming duelist. From February 13, 2018 onwards, Mokuba appears at the  Gate  once the player reaches Stage 13 in Duel World (DM).
 Blue keys are required to duel Mokuba at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3    Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 
 3.3.1   Level 20 
 3.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 3.4   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 3.4.1   Partner Deck 
 
 
 3.5   Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 
 3.5.1   Partner Deck 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Skills 
 6   Dialogue 
 
 6.1   Character-specific 
 6.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Seto Kaiba's younger brother may only be in elementary school, but he's smart enough to be the Vice President of KaibaCorp. A skilled gamer in his own right, Mokuba is a Capsule Monsters champion. Whether those skills translate to being a Duelist is yet to be seen.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Mokuba Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (glossy) 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Niwatori  x3 
 Fairy Dragon  x3 
 Lesser Dragon  x3 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x3 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x3 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Eye-Eyed Silver Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Anthrosaurus  x3 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x3 
 Darkworld Thorns  x3 
 Krokodilus  x3 
 Man-Eating Plant  x3 
 Niwatori  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (2) 
 Traps 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Big Bro's Blue-Eyes Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok  x3 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Takriminos  x3 
 Tatsunootoshigo 
 Three-Legged Zombies  x3 
 Yaranzo  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Silent Doom  x2 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Cloning  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Poison Hamburger Deck Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Steer 
 Bio Plant 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Griggle 
 Mystic Tomato  x3 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Hungry Burger  x3 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Hamburger Recipe  x2 
 Poison of the Old Man 
 Pre-Preparation of Rites  x2 
 Preparation of Rites 
 Ritual Weapon  x2 
 Traps 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Level 40 
 
 My Very Own Dragon Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alexandrite Dragon  x2 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Luster Dragon  x3 
 Luster Dragon 2  x2 
 Mystical Elf  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Kaibaman  x2 
 Lord of D.  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon  x2 
 Traps 
 Birthright  x2 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf 
 Negate Attack 
  Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 Level 20 
 
 My Divine Dragon Deck Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Divine Dragon Apocralyph  x3 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok  x3 
 Lesser Dragon  x2 
 Rude Kaiser 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lady of D.  x2 
 Lord of D.  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Poison of the Old Man 
 Silent Doom  x2 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Cloning 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf 
 Level 40 
Skill: "Peak Performance" (Mokuba Kaiba starts the Duel with " Mountain " on his field.) 
 High-Power Dragon Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alexandrite Dragon  x2 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok  x2 
 Rabidragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Darkflare Dragon 
 Hieratic Dragon of Asar 
 Hieratic Dragon of Gebeb  x2 
 Lady of D.  x2 
 Vanguard of the Dragon  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Stamping Destruction 
 Traps 
 Birthright 
 Burst Breath  x2 
 Cloning 
 Negate Attack 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Partner Deck 
Skill: "Can't beat me now!" (Each time your team's Life Points decrease by 1800, play 1 " Tri-Horned Dragon " on the field at the beginning of Mokuba's turn) 
 Super Dragon Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alexandrite Dragon  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Luster Dragon  x3 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hieratic Dragon of Sutekh 
 Kidmodo Dragon  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Dark Core 
 Shrink  x2 
 Stamping Destruction 
 Traps 
 Birthright  x2 
 Burst Breath 
 Negate Attack 
 
 
 Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 Partner Deck 
 Skill: "Blue-Eyes Advent"
 
 
 Blue-Eyes Crystals Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alexandrite Dragon  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Hyozanryu 
 Luster Dragon  x3 
 Luster Dragon 2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Snipe Hunter  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Dark Core  x2 
 Raigeki  x2 
 Traps 
 Birthright  x2 
 Negate Attack  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Mokuba Kaiba reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Rude Kaiser "
 
 
 4
 
 Monstermorph: Evolution ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Draconnection "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Dragunity Tribus "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dragoncarnation "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Heavy Starter ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Draconnection "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Ruins of the Divine Dragon Lords "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Dragoncarnation "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Draconnection "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Rules "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Lady of D. "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Dragonic Guard "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Rules "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gem
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Lady of D. "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Guardian of Felgrand "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Ruins of the Divine Dragon Lords "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Monstermorph: Evolution
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send a monster (except a Token) on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Then, randomly play a monster that is same Attribute and Type as the monster you sent to the Graveyard, but is 1 Level higher from your Deck (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned). This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 KaibaCorp Bling
 
 Your Duel Assessment score for using Glossy/Prismatic cards will be multiplied 1.5. Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Glossy/Prismatic card from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Monstermorph: De-Evolution
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send a monster (except a Token) on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Then randomly play a monster that is same Attribute and Type as the monster you sent to the Graveyard, but is 1 Level lower from your Deck (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned). This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Mokuba announces "Today's the day the Pharaoh is finally going down!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Oh yeah! I win, Yugi!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "Argh! Why can I never beat Yugi?!?" 
 Seto Kaiba 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba , Mokuba announces "Big bro!" followed by "I'll show ya that you're not the only Kaiba that can Duel!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Did I make you proud, Seto?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "I knew I could never beat ya, big bro!" 
 Yugi Muto 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto , Mokuba announces "As you like to say, it's time to Duel, Yugi!!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Looks like the heart of the cards is gonna need a defibrillator." 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "Man, I can't beat Yugi even without the Pharaoh's help? What's wrong with me?" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Mokuba Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba briefly appears, and he announces "Not anyone can use my big bro's best card!" Followed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" (spoken as "Go, Blue-Eyes!") followed by "White Lightning!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Hungry Burger ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba briefly appears, and he announces "Here's a monster you can snack on! Or better yet, snack on YOU!" followed by "Hungry Burger!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Isn't it weird when food eats YOU instead of the other way around?" followed by "Hungry Burger, attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Kaibaman ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes the coolest superhero of all time!" followed by "Kaibaman!"
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kaibaman's effect activates!" followed by "Kaibaman can call out Blue-Eyes White Dragon from my hand!" (spoken as "Kaibaman can call out Blue-Eyes from my hand!") 
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The hero always wins in the end!" followed by "Kaibaman! Finish the bad guy!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Lord of D. ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Seto always has this monster ready to support his dragons!" followed by "Lord of D.!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lord of D. attacks!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lord of D.'s effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Mystical Elf ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go  Princess Adena !" followed by "Or should I say, Mystical Elf!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Mystical Elf attacks!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Niwatori ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "If you're looking to cross a desert, this bird's what you're lookin' for!" followed by "Niwatori!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Niwatori! Swallow 'em whole!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Alexandrite Dragon ", he announces "I bet you've never seen this dragon before!" followed by "Go, Alexandrite Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Alexandrite Dragon! Swoop and attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Hyozanryu ", he announces "Don't get flooded by it's scales, Hyozanryu!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hyozanryu, attack!" followed by "Diamond Devastator!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Krokodilus ", he announces "This monster's got a bad attitude!"  followed by "Krokodilus!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Krokodilus! Attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Luster Dragon ", he announces "This monster has more than a few Attack Points!" followed by "Luster Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Luster Dragon!" followed by "Breath of Fire!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Luster Dragon #2 ", he announces "This card will make you feel lackluster! Luster Dragon #2!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Luster Dragon #2!" followed by "Emerald Flame attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Man-Eating Plant ", he announces "This monster'll turn you into fertilizer!" followed by "Man-Eating Plant!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Man-Eating Plant is gonna eat you alive!" followed by "Chomp 'em!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Rude Kaiser ", he announces "This monster's axes are sharper than sharp!" followed by "Rude Kaiser!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Rude Kaiser!" followed by "Forearm Slash!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Tatsunootoshigo ", he announces "Try this on for size, Tatsunootoshigo!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Tatsunootoshigo!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " The Trojan Horse ", he announces "I play this! The Trojan Horse!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Trojan Horse! Trample em!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Trojan Horse's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Mokuba activates " Ancient Rules ", he announces "You're not gonna like this!" followed by "I play my Spell Card, Ancient Rules!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Gift of The Mystical Elf ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Gift of the Mystical Elf!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Hamburger Recipe ", he announces "It's never too early to serve you your lunch!" followed by "I activate the Ritual Spell Hamburger Recipe!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Negate Attack ", he announces "My big bro taught me this trick!" followed by "The Trap card, Negate Attack!" 
 When Mokuba activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", he announces "Seto gave me this card to take ya down!" followed by "I activate the Spell Card, The Flute of Summoning Dragon!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Trojan Blast ", he announces "Hahaha, you fell for it dummy!" followed by "I activate my Trap, Trojan Blast!" 
 
 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Duel Monsters  (DM) counterpart of  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) . 
 In the game files, Mokuba had voice lines for " Labradorite Dragon ", but as December 2020, the said dialogue was removed for unknown reasons. 
 Mokuba's Level 30 Deck is a reference to the  Russian Roulette Dinner  he played with  Yugi  and  Jonouchi  in the manga.
 " Hungry Burger " and " Poison of the Old Man " references the burger Mokuba was poisoned with. 
 The inclusion of " Battle Steer ", " Bio Plant " and " Griggle " may be a reference to the monster requirements for " Hamburger Recipe " in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses . 
 Prior to a patch (June 22, 2017), Mokuba had multiple audio glitches relating to his attacking dialogue. " Luster Dragon ", " Luster Dragon 2 ", and " Alexandrite Dragon " played the audio of "Luster Dragon 2", "Luster Dragon" and " Shinato, King of a Higher Plane ".
 Dialogue for "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane" is an oddity considering that, in the first Mokuba event when this glitch existed, Mokuba was not a playable character and did not have "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane" in any of his Decklists.
 Within Mokuba's dialogue for " Shinato's Ark " and "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane", he mentions  Noah Kaiba , a reference to the Kaiba family's encounter in the Virtual World Arc, and the fact Noah is he original user of the two aforementioned cards. 
 By 2020, the dialogue for "Shinato's Ark" and "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane" were removed for unknown reasons. This also makes Mokuba Kaiba the first Legendary Duelist to have a decreased amount of card-specific dialogue. 
 Téa Gardner (DM) , Yugi Muto (DM), and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) are the Legendary Duelists who did not gain additional card-specific dialogue when their respective  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterparts were introduced to  Duel Links . 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD)  -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Rex Raptor , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mako Tsunami , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Espa Roba , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo  and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba,  Aigami , Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine  and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Mokuba Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/MokubaKaiba-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/237?cb=20171001200858', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Profile-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306183202', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Icon-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164817', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Icon-DULI-MokubaKaiba2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524140717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Chibi-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132257', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/CutIn-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314191424', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Summoning-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172710', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Defeat-DULI-MokubaKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307144627', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Icon-DULI-DMCupMokuba.png/revision/latest?cb=20200518014649', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Mokuba Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters