Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kalin_Kessler

For other versions of this character, see  Kalin Kessler (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Kyosuke Kiryu 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Shinigami/Death God 
 
 
 Japanese   
 鬼柳京介 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Satisfaction Town 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Dark Signers Radley 's Group 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Previous team 
 The Enforcers 
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Infernity Medieval Infernity 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Infernity 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 WC 2010 
 The Enforcing Ones Quaking Giant 
 
 
 WC 2011 
 The Enforcing Ones Master of Demise 
 
 
 Tag Force 5 
 Every Day Dissatisfaction Feelings of Dissatisfaction Truth of Dissatisfaction Eternal Dissatisfaction 
 
 
 Duel Transer 
 Spineless Nightmare 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 27: " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 Nintendo DS  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 Wii  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 5 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 6 
 
 
 Other  
 Duel Terminals 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Diraison 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yuki Ono 
 
 
 German  
 Tommy Morgenstern 
 
 
 Italian  
 Simone D'Andrea 
 
 
 
 Kalin Kessler , known as  Kyosuke Kiryu  in the original Japanese format, was a former member of the  Dark Signers  and is currently a resident of  Satisfaction Town . He was once the best friend of  Yusei Fudo  and friends to  Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan , once being part of a dueling faction together known as  The Enforcers  in the  4Kids  dub and  Team Satisfaction  in the original Japanese format. He has currently reconciled his friendship to his former teammates and plans on rebuilding Satisfaction Town with the help of its residents, acting as both its sheriff and pseudo mayor.
 He once had an extreme hatred towards  Yusei Fudo  and his previous team, but later forgave them after he found out the truth about his capture after his loss to Yusei. He was later brought back to life after Goodwin's defeat, retaining his memories of being a Dark Signer. He was last seen in Satisfaction Town (formally  Crash Town ), where Kalin attempts suicide by duel in order to atone for his wrongdoings, only to be forgiven for them by his former teammates. After defeating  Lawton  with the help of Yusei, Kalin successfully rids the town of the two dueling gangs that were wrecking havoc. He later stayed behind to help rebuild the town alongside two children he befriends named  West  and  Nico . In the original format, Kalin vows to their father  Jordan  that he will protect and take care of his children before he sacrifices himself to save Kalin, Nico, and West. In the dub, their father survives but was heavily injured, taking back in his children and thanking Kalin for looking after them during his imprisonment. The town was later renamed to Satisfaction Town to cherish his team's memory.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Dark Signers 
 2.3   Crash Town 
 2.4   Ark Cradle 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 4   Non-canon appearances 
 
 4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer 
 
 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Ground 
 
 5.1.1   Past 
 5.1.2   Infernity 
 
 
 5.2   Turbo 
 
 
 6   Duels 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Linework.     Kalin is a fairly attractive and tall individual, with light blue hair, varying in length during the duration of the series, chartreuse eyes - ranging between green and yellow in color - and fair skin.
 During the course of the series, Kalin wears a variety of outfits correlating to notable moments in his life. During the Enforcers era, Kalin wears a brown leather vest, customary of all Enforcer members, lined with beige fur. Under the vest he wears a red, short sleeve, shirt, notably with a "V" shaped cutout just below his collarbone. Below this, he wears a black leather belt, dark blue jeans, and black boots. He also wears black gloves with a metal band adorn with spikes. A signature to this attire is Kalin's purple headband.
 In prison, Kalin is stripped of his Enforcer attire and wears a dark blue, simple, shirt and pants combination. He also now has a criminal mark. 
 During the Dark Signer arc, Kalin's accent color found on his uniform is neon blue. During his introduction, he wears a black cape over his clothing. Under his cloak, he wears a red shirt, considerably short and reveals his midriff with black pants worn over jeans, lined with his accent color of blue, and black boots. He also wears a black belt with this outfit and a short sleeve jacket bearing the markings of the giant. Finishing this outfit, Kalin wears two toned gloves of black and blue. Like all Dark Signers, Kalin bears the mark of an Earthbound Immortal on his arm; the mark he has is in relation to the giant/ astronaut.
 Lastly, during the Crash Town arc, Kalin's appearance has drastically changed. His once shoulder length hair now extends past his shoulder blades. He also now wears a black leather duster, a long sleeve gray shirt underneath it, and black pants with black boots. In addition to this, he wears a loose fitting belt and holster combination containing his duel disk. To finish this outfit, Kalin wears a rope necklace with a harmonica hanging from it.
 
 Personality 
 Originally, Kalin started as a cheerful and good person, who looked out for his teammates and gave hope to them. But after his team conquered the entire island of Satellite, Kalin became obsessed with protecting what they worked so hard to obtain, and grew paranoid into believing that any  Duel Gangs  not under his control were a threat to the order they had brought. This caused him to begin Dueling people recklessly including children, which harmed them in the process, and which would eventually lead him to challenge the island's security, which caused his downfall. Kalin was captured by them and sent to prison to die and blamed Yusei for his capture.
 As a Dark Signer, his personality had become even more crazed, which resulted in him bursting out in insane laughter at his opponents' and enemies' pain and misery. He also showed great hatred towards his former teammates, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, and especially Yusei Fudo, to whom he would often call a traitor and exclaimed "You betrayed me!" 
 After his death and revival, he came to realize that all his pain had come from his own mistakes, and made him regret what he had done in the past. Depressed and guilty, he ventured out to Crash Town and looked for a place to die, and was uncaring of what befell him. His method of dueling showed that his monster's effects acted like Russian Roulette. But after seeing Yusei and the kids, West and Nico, attempting to save him, Kalin regained his self-worth and kindness as he vowed to protect them and all the citizens of Crash Town.
 
 Abilities 
 As a  Dark Signer , Kalin was able to project his " Earthbound Immortal " into fog as a purple image, which also caused  Yusei 's mark to react. [1]  Even after being revived as a normal person again, he was still capable of inflicting real damage to an extent, as the  attack  of his " Infernity Doom Slinger " was strong enough to fully knock out  Lawton . [2]  Similarly,  Akiza  is also able to inflict real damage with her psychic abilities during duels - this could possibly imply Kalin has developed psychic abilities after being a Dark Signer since these abilities only begin to manifest during and after being one. 
 
 Etymology 
 The given name Kyosuke is of Japanese origin and translates to "respectful". Separately kyou (杏) translates to "apricot" and suke (輔) translates to "help" and/or "helpful".
 The surname Kiryu is also of Japanese origin and translates to, “place where paulownia naturally grows” and/or “place where mist occurs/arises". Separately ki (depending on the kanji used) can mean: "self", "cavalry", "demon", and "hope", and ryu (depending on the kanji used) can mean: "dragon", "vigor", and finally, "living".
 In the dub, the given name Kalin is of English origin and translates to "pure". The surname Kessler is of German origin and means "kettle" or "cauldron"; this surname is usually found among coppersmiths in Germany. 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Kalin as leader of  the Enforcers .     
 Kalin was once the leader of The Enforcers, which consisted of himself,  Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan  and  Jack Atlas . He met with the trio for the first time when he approached them with the idea for the Team. He fought for his own ideals and unique sense of unity and gave his team a true glimpse of hope under the despairing circumstances of the Satellite.
 The team managed to conquer all the team areas in the Satellite by beating the other  Duel Gangs . During the face-off with the final gang, one of them almost killed Yusei by pushing him off the roof, but Kalin saved him.
 After conquering all the zones in Satellite, Kalin got into a fight with a kid from  Team Insect , something that prompted Crow and Jack to go against Kalin and leave the team. Later, when  Sector Security  began arresting Duelists in Satellite, Kalin decided to take action into his own hands and blew up a part of the Security base, and he seemed happy that he did it. At this point, Yusei left as well. The abandonment felt at the Enforcers' dissolution caused Kalin to become obsessed with ruling Satellite forever and reuniting his group for their last Duel against Security.  He was eventually pursued by Security until his former teammates came to his rescue. However, neither Crow, Jack or Yusei believed they could defeat Security, so Kalin confronted a Security guard on a Duel Runner and ended up driving through a bunch of crates, which severely injured the guard. Before he could finish him off, Yusei interfered and isolated him in a room. Yusei then decided to call himself the leader of the Enforcers in the hopes that they wouldn't arrest Kalin. But security found Kalin and arrested him for injuring a guard. One of the Security members had already figured out that Kalin was the leader and Yusei tried to convince that  he  was the Enforcer's leader; Kalin saw Yusei trying to convince Security to let him go, and he mistakenly believed that Yusei had him purposely arrested. Kalin attempted to fight him, but was held back by Security and was arrested.
 
       Kalin moments away from death     
 In the  Facility , Kalin was painfully imprinted with a  criminal mark , and the prison guards constantly beat him up and intentionally withheld his food rations. Although he claimed that he could survive the abuse, his resistance was weakened when Security took his Deck, which was his most prized possession. After that, Kalin was seen in a cell, near death from starvation, when a voice spoke to him, calling itself a Messenger from beyond the Twilight (the "Envoy of the Underworld" in the Japanese version) who came with a proposition: If Kalin had some sort of unfinished business, he could come back to complete it as a Dark Signer. Because of his grudge against Yusei and his wish to fight the last battle with Team Satisfaction, Kalin accepted, died of starvation and was reborn as a Dark Signer (In the English Dub, it was Roman speaking to him telepathically). At some point after that, he escaped prison and eventually joined up with the other 3 Dark Signers: Roman, Devack, and Misty. They were all under Roman's leadership.
 
 Dark Signers 
         Kalin as a Dark Signer     
 Kalin was waiting for Yusei who had been accompanied by  Crow , and as they both entered the  B.A.D.  area, Yusei and Crow were both shocked to see him. He jumped on his  Duel Runner  and created a shadow barrier in the process, which suddenly formed, and separated Crow and Yusei. The barrier began to take the shape of his mark, the Giant. Kalin then exclaimed that he would take down Yusei, as their  Shadow Turbo Duel  was about to begin.
 Before the Duel started, Jack appeared in a helicopter, Kalin exclaimed that the Enforcers were together again. The Duel began with Kalin gaining total control and him telling Yusei to suffer. Throughout the whole Duel, Kalin laughed hysterically when referencing their past together. Yusei pleaded with Kalin to stop, and reminded him how he had saved Yusei's life years ago. Yusei still didn't understand why Kalin hated him. Then after Kalin's direct attack, he remembered. Yusei had stopped Kalin from escaping arrest after he almost killed one of the Sector Security's squad members. Yusei Summoned " Stardust Dragon ", but Kalin countered by Summoning his " Earthbound Immortal " " Ccapac Apu ", which nearly ended the Duel. However, before he could claim victory, Yusei's Duel Runner malfunctioned, and critically injured Yusei. Upon seeing this, Kalin laughed and ended the Duel without a victory, and told Yusei to suffer the same pain that he had endured.
 When he returned to the headquarters of the Dark Signers, Roman asked him why he did not kill Yusei. Kalin replied that he would do so if all Dark Signers were present. He also said that he would let Yusei live in fear after he witnessed the power of his Earthbound Immortal.
 He was present along with the rest of the Dark Signers when they all confronted the  Signers  right after Yusei's and Roman's first Duel concluded. He tried to degrade Yusei by calling him weak, however Yusei's opposite reaction to that comment surprised him.
 After Yusei finally arrived at the Giant tower, he and Kalin began their rematch and told him that this would be the Enforcers' last Duel. He continued to use his Handless Combo strategy. He eventually Summoned his  Dark Synchro Monster  " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " once again and assaulted Yusei with its effect. After Yusei destroyed it, Kalin revealed to him the horrible incidents that occurred to him while being a prisoner before he became a Dark Signer.
 As Kalin said to Yusei that by accepting his fate, he could return to show Yusei the fear that he had felt at the time. Intending to do this through his "Earthbound Immortal" card, he then Summoned "Ccapac Apu" once again, and tried to finally defeat Yusei with it. However, as Yusei managed to fend off the Immortal's assault, the Immortal itself began to trash the ground where the Duel was taking place. As Kalin began to have some difficulties with this, Yusei extended his hand to offer his help, which symbolized the occasion where Kalin risked his life to save Yusei. However, Kalin rejected it, and stated that it was too late and that it was completely pointless. After this, Yusei Summoned " Majestic Star Dragon ", and it ultimately took down "Ccapac Apu". 
 By this, Kalin lost, and in the end, not only did he make peace with Yusei, but also reveals to him that he had another purpose besides revenge when he transformed into a Dark Signer; Kalin also wanted to carry out the Enforcers' Last Duel. Following that, Kalin finally turned to dust.
 Kalin was the third Dark Signer to be defeated.
 
         Kalin, after returning to life     
 When Rex Goodwin was defeated in the final battle, and the  King of the Netherworld  was destroyed, Kalin was restored to life, along with the other Dark Signers except for Roman and Goodwin himself. 
 After these events, he was gone on a trip, according to  Luna .
 
 Crash Town 
 Following the events of the Dark Signers, Kalin resided in a town that was ruled by Dueling. His appearance had gradually changed over the course of time; his hair was much longer than before and he wore a trench coat. He also carried around a harmonica around his neck (which he often played) and his personality showed no emotion; when he did show any emotion, it was of sadness, concern, or pity. He followed the gang leader  Radley , and a  bunch  of Duelists that dominated part of  Crash Town .  Barbara  told Yusei that Kalin had come to this town to die. Kalin said that he had forgotten the meaning of words such as satisfaction. He Dueled  one of the members  of  another gang  led by  Malcolm  and ultimately won against his opponent. After the Duel, Yusei tried to talk to him, but he gave no reply as he rode off with Radley's gang.
 After the Duel Kalin was in the gang bar, but left so he could be alone. Kalin still had memories of the time when he was a Dark Signer (how this occurred was unknown; it was possible that he remembered because he became a Dark Signer willingly, like  Rex  and  Roman Goodwin , and that unwilling transformations like  Carly's  resulted in memory loss). Being left with the guilt from what he had done to hurt his friends, he struggled to end his life through the only thing that once mattered to him: Dueling. The next day Kalin challenged Yusei and revealed his intentions, and pleaded with him to defeat him so that he could die in the mountain. Kalin fought hard, and refused to simply throw the Duel, and even resorted to Summon his " Infernity Doom Dragon ". Ultimately, however, he was defeated by " Stardust Dragon " again. 
 After the Duel, Yusei and Kalin were double-crossed by Barbara, who was secretly a member of Malcolm's gang. They were apprehended by the undertakers and taken to the mountain along with Radley after losing to Lawton, Malcolm's brother. Kalin went to work with no second thought; even Yusei couldn't convince him to escape otherwise. Yusei then punched him in the stomach and left him unconscious. He took Kalin and escaped, and as they did, they ran into  Nico  and  West . Soon after,  Lawton  and Malcolm's gang members found them, Yusei went and Turbo Dueled Lawton, while Kalin was running away with Nico and West in a miner cart from Malcolm's gang members. Kalin managed to steal a  Duel Runner  from one of the members of Malcolm's gang, and used it to get to the Duel between Lawton and Yusei. In an attempt to get rid of them, Lawton threw dynamite at them, which caused the mine to collapse and left Kalin and Yusei in a crevice, while West and Nico were taken as hostages by Lawton. After visiting the graves of those who went to the mountain, Kalin vowed to fight for those either still working in the mountain or had lost their lives because of it and to save West and Nico, and called himself a "Death God". 
 Returning to Crash Town, to the shock of Lawton and the others, he and Yusei engaged in a 2 vs 1 Duel with Lawton, to free the town from his horrid rule. Though their Duel was coming to an end, Lawton's men interrupted and proceeded to stop Yusei and Kalin. But the members had a change of heart and decided to hold back. Lawton and Barbara attempted to make a final getaway but were stopped by Crow and Jack. In one last attempt, Lawton detonated the explosives in the city, which created a diversion. Kalin gave chase on Yusei's Duel Runner and caught him in order to finish his last turn. Lawton, knowing his top card was a spell card that would render Kalin's " Infernity Doom Slinger " useless, agreed to finish the Duel. But Kalin used the effect of " Infernity Climber " to draw this card instead of his spell card, using the effect of "Infernity Doom Slinger", and finished off Lawton (In the dub, Kalin, after catching up to Lawton, restrains him until Sector Security arrived as Kalin believed he didn't deserve to end the Duel properly for being a coward). After that, Kalin stayed in town to watch over its reconstruction, and to watch over the kids, West and Nico. In honor of his team, he renamed Crash Town,  Satisfaction Town .
 
 Ark Cradle 
 In episode 150, he was cheering on Yusei. Two episodes later, Kalin reappeared and was seen being defeated by Jack in Satisfaction Town as Jack was self-training himself to once again regain his crown as the King of Turbo Duels. Kalin told Jack that he had become a lot stronger since the days of the Enforcers but he was still not satisfied, with Jack agreeing.
 
 Manga biography 
 Main article:  Kalin Kessler (manga) 
         Kalin in the manga.     
 Kalin appeared in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga  as an eliminator within the  D1GP .
 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer 
   This section is  missing information  from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer  appearance. 
 Decks 
 Ground 
 Past 
 
 Past Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Soldier 
 Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend General Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Hate Buster 
 While the nature of this deck is unknown, Yusei noted that Kalin's main aspect of it was constantly keeping his hand full to keep his options open.
 
 Infernity 
 
 Infernity Ground Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Infernity Beast 
 Infernity Beetle  x3 [Notes 1] 
 Infernity Climber 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity Doom Slinger  x2 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Mirage 
 Infernity Zero 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger 
 Infernity Randomizer [Notes 2] Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Infernity Doom Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blaster Cartridge 
 Infernity Burst 
 ZERO-MAX 
 Traps 
 Damage Gate 
 Dodge Roll 
 Full Salvo 
 Infernity Break 
 Infernity Reflector 
 Turbo 
 While being a Dark Signer, Kalin used an  " Infernity " Turbo Deck  centered around his " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon ". He used cards such as " Depth Amulet " and " Limit Impulse " to reduce his hand size while also filling his Graveyard with his "Infernity"  monsters , which he then copied the effects of with his "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon". If this strategy failed, Kalin used the effect of his "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to add his " Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu " from his  Deck  to his  hand , which he then easily Summoned through cards such as " Infernity Necromancer " and " Damage Translation ", also supporting it with cards like " Brilliant Shrine Art " and " Wicked Trample " to lock his opponent down and inflict large amounts of damage.
 
 
 Infernity Turbo Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Infernity Archfiend  x2 [Notes 3] 
 Infernity Beast 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Guardian 
 Infernity Necromancer  x2 [Notes 4] 
 Dark Tuner monsters 
 Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Power Baton 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Brilliant Shrine Art 
 Damage Translation 
 Depth Amulet 
 Infernity Force 
 Limit Impulse 
 Wicked Trample 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Magician's Four  leader 
 33 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Duel Gang  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Golem  member 
 34 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Team Insect  member 
 54 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Sector Security 
 34 
 No result (flashback)
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 33 - 35 
 No result [3] 
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 54 - 55 
 Lose
 
 
 Malcolm Crew  Duelist 
 86 
 Win
 
 
 Malcolm Crew  Duelist 
 86 
 Win
 
 
 The Giant 
 86 
 Win
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 87 - 88 
 Lose
 
 
 Lawton 
 91 - 92 
 Win (with  Yusei Fudo ; No result in the dub)
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 152 
 Lose (off-screen)
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 32: " Dark Signs, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 92: " Clash at Crash Town, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelist  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution  state that Kalin defeated Yusei. 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  OCG / TCG  this card is a  Tuner monster . 
 
 ↑   In the  OCG / TCG  this card isn't a Tuner monster. 
 
 ↑   The second copy of this card is  discarded  to  pay  the  cost  of " Depth Amulet " in  episode 33 . 
 
 ↑   The second copy of this card is discarded to activate " Limit Impulse " in  episode 54 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga   characters Satellite 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Sect Ijuin 
 Crow Hogan 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Skeleton Knight's Crusade 
 Skeleton Knight 
 Sect Ijuin 
 Goodwin 's group 
 Jack Atlas 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Mei 
 Ran Kobayakawa 
 Sakura 
 Ancient 
 Akiza's predecessor 
 Priests of Light 
 Ultimate God 
 Ish Kiq Goodwin 
 D1 Grand Prix  Duelists 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Admire Derby 
 Adolf Mueller (Adolf Müller) 
 Afro 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aria 
 Kodou Kinomiya 
 Jean 
 Ramon Kagura 
 Nicolas 
 Tiger Eyes (Taiga Aizu) 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Other 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Doctor 
 Mei's father 
 Yoshi Hogan 
 Dark Crow Hogan 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia  characters 
 Player ← WC09 WC11 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Annie 
 Blister 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Carly 
 Devack 
 Dexter 
 Jack 
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Heitmann 
 Hunter 
 Kalin 
 Bashford 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Roman 
 Sayer 
 Tanner 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Zeman 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Alina 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Arashiyama 
 Bass 
 Check 
 Chihiro 
 Clock 
 Coppola 
 Corse 
 Eiki 
 Figaro 
 Fukuoka 
 Gate Mace 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Gushizawa 
 Hashinoshima 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Hideki 
 Hiroyuki 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Igusa 
 Itsuki 
 Jean 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kawasaki 
 Key Mace 
 Key Mace #2 
 Kiyoto 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Lagoon 
 Liquid 
 Mimi 
 Mitchie 
 Morrison 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nino 
 Oda 
 Okita 
 Oscar 
 Peko 
 Robinson 
 Rossi 
 Roy 
 Salida 
 Seria 
 Shirase 
 Smith 
 Sugimoto 
 Sumetana 
 Tashiro 
 Ticera 
 Torino 
 Yusuke 
 Zape 
 Downloadable 
 Black Potan 
 Codarus 
 Dragunity Militum 
 Duelua 
 Dueluka 
 Genex Ally Bellflame 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 King Jyaku 
 Koa'ki Meiru Sea Panther 
 Koa'ki Meiru Urnight 
 Neo Flamvell Origin 
 Reptilianne Naga 
 Ryusei 
 Secret Guards of the Ice Barrier 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 The Fabled Peggulsus 
 Witch of the Black Rose 
 Worm Victory 
 World Champions 
 Kami 
 Peke-Hime 
 T T k 
 Free Duel 
 Princess Pikeru 
 Herald of Green Light 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Nanobreaker 
 Izanami 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Solar Flare Dragon 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Witch Doctor of Sparta 
 Koa'ki Meiru Valafar 
 Ally of Justice Decisive Armor 
 Jurrac Meteor 
 Ancient Sacred Wyvern 
 Naturia Landoise 
 Great Shogun Shien 
 Koa'ki Meiru Rooklord 
 Fabled Leviathan 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Lava Golem 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 The Dark Creator 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Darklord Desire 
 Avenging Knight Parshath 
 Flamvell Fiend 
 Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Trident Dragion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength 
 Repitilanne Vaskii 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Cyber Eltanin 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Supersonic Skull Flame 
 Explosive Magician 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 The Immortal Bushi 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Elemental Hero Absolute Zero 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Swap Frog 
 Hundred-Eyes Dragon 
 Dragunity Knight - Gadearg 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Green Gadget 
 Naturia Beast 
 Garlandolf, King of Destruction 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 XX-Saber Hyunlei 
 Worm Zero 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Majestic Red Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Crusader of Endymion 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor 
 Gigaplant 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Man-Eater Bug / Worm Apocalypse 
 Needle Worm / Morphing Jar 
 Destroyersaurus / Jurrac Velo 
 Ojama Red / Ojama Blue 
 Battle Footballer / Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Emissary from Pandemonium / Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs / Stealth Bird 
 Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World / Fabled Raven 
 Darklord Edeh Arae / Counselor Lily 
 Dragunity Phalanx / Cyberdark Dragon 
 Volcanic Shell / Flamvell Firedog 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes / Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Dark Paladin / Stardust Dragon 
 Phantom of Chaos / Armityle the Chaos Phantom 
 Granmarg the Rock Monarch / Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Manticore of Darkness / Enraged Battle Ox 
 White Night Dragon / Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 D.D. Survivor / Cyber Valley 
 Dandylion / Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Elemental Hero Stratos / Destiny Hero - Malicious 
 Cyber Dragon / Cyber Eltanin 
 Upstart Goblin / Nurse Reficule the Fallen One 
 Grinder Golem / Fires of Doomsday (character) 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon / Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Mist Valley Soldier / Doomcaliber Knight 
 Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi / Prime Material Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior / D.D. Warrior Lady 
 Phoenix Gearfried / Chthonian Emperor Dragon 
 Deep Sea Diva / Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Divine Grace - Northwemko / Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch / Green Gadget 
 Necro Gardna / Shiny Black "C" 
 Genex Controller / Tragoedia 
 Van'Dalgyon the Dark Dragon Lord / Five-Headed Dragon 
 Mezuki / Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle / Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus  characters 
 Player ← WC10 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Andre 
 Barbara 
 Blister 
 Bolt 
 Brave 
 Breo 
 Carly 
 Chief 
 Crow 
 Dexter 
 Dragan 
 Duel Bot 
 Elsworth 
 Ghost 
 Greiger 
 Hans 
 Harald 
 Hermann 
 Hunter 
 Jack 
 Jakob 
 Jean 
 Kalin 
 Larry 
 Lawton 
 Lazar 
 Lenny 
 Leo 
 Lester 
 Lug 
 Luna 
 Malcolm 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Nico 
 Nicolas 
 Owner 
 Primo 
 Radley 
 Randsborg 
 Regulus 
 Robot 
 Sergio 
 Sherry 
 Stephanie 
 Syd 
 Torunka 
 Trudge 
 West 
 Yusei 
 Game original 
 Alina 
 Alvaro 
 Angie 
 Bass 
 Bronson 
 Clint 
 Corse 
 Figaro 
 Fudagawa 
 Globe 
 Gordon 
 Grammy 
 Graton 
 Hakamada 
 Hana 
 Hayakawa 
 Helio 
 Honda 
 Ida 
 Iranami 
 Jemma 
 Kalisse 
 Kameno 
 Kazuhiro 
 Klaus 
 Kuroe 
 Kyono 
 Lagoon 
 Lilie 
 Masaki 
 Minegishi 
 Misaki 
 Morrison 
 Narumi 
 Natsumi 
 Nelson 
 Noko 
 Oscar 
 Reimi 
 Richard 
 Rossi 
 Salida 
 Scotch 
 Seluga 
 Seria 
 Siegel 
 Sumetana 
 Toru 
 Virgil 
 Yagiura 
 Downloadable 
 Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine 
 Battle Fader 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Carly Carmen 
 Doomcaliber Knight 
 Duelua 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Jumbo Ushio 
 Kaiser Umiuma 
 King Jyaku 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan 
 Lightning Tricorn 
 Marshmallon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel ∞ 
 Odin, Father of the Aesir 
 Phantom of Chaos 
 Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis 
 Ryusei 
 Senjome 
 Shironosu 
 Steelswarm Moth 
 Supreme Arcanite Magician 
 Zoma the Spirit 
 World Champions 
 Yam 
 R a g n a r o k 
 EDUARD 
 Free Duel 
 Moja 
 Cherry Inmato 
 Hypnocorn 
 Naturia Cherries 
 Wattmole 
 Tiki Curse 
 Tender of the Laval Volcano 
 Gishki Erial 
 Genex Ally Axel 
 Gem-Knight Prism Aura 
 Thunder Unicorn 
 Wynnda, Priestess of Gusto 
 Masked Hero Vapor 
 King Tiger Wanghu 
 Wightmare 
 Amazoness Queen 
 Reptilianne Vaskii 
 Great Maju Garzett 
 Karakuri Steel Shogun mdl 00X "Bureido" 
 Needle Burrower 
 Magical Merchant 
 Legendary Jujitsu Master 
 Ronintoadin 
 Vylon Omega 
 Naturia Bamboo Shoot 
 Wattchimera 
 Fabled Ragin 
 Worm Illidan 
 Koa'ki Meiru Maximus 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Herald of Perfection 
 Flamvell Baby 
 Scrap Twin Dragon 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Steelswarm Caucastag 
 Deep Sea Diva 
 Master Hyperion 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Thunder King Rai-Oh 
 Bountiful Artemis 
 Queen Angel of Roses 
 Meklord Emperor Granel ∞ 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Guardian Eatos 
 Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 X-Saber Souza 
 Infernity Doom Dragon 
 Junk Destroyer 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon 
 Ehren, Lightsworn Monk 
 Dragunity Arma Leyvaten 
 Elemental Hero The Shining 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Blackwing - Zephyrus the Elite 
 Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En 
 Machina Fortress 
 Free Turbo Duel 
 The Little Swordsman of Aile 
 Dragon Manipulator 
 Steamroid 
 Psychic Commander 
 Naturia Dragonfly 
 Dokurorider 
 Mefist the Infernal General 
 Delta Tri 
 Vylon Sigma 
 Ally of Justice Searcher 
 Kasha 
 Destiny Hero - Dasher 
 Gaia Drake, the Universal Force 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Dragunity Knight - Gae Bulg 
 Formula Synchron 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Machina Fortress 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Free Tag Duel 
 Creation Resonator ,  Barrier Resonator 
 Oshaleon ,  Majioshaleon 
 Gundari ,  Yaksha 
 Frozen Fitzgerald ,  Dark Diviner 
 Watapon ,  Spore 
 Masked Chopper ,  KA-2 Des Scissors 
 Angel O7 ,  Naturia Bamboo Shoot 
 Nurse Reficule the Fallen One ,  Fire Princess 
 Swift Scarecrow ,  Gallis the Star Beast 
 Terrorking Salmon ,  Terrorking Archfiend 
 Reptilianne Viper ,  Alien Kid 
 Formula Synchron ,  Shooting Star Dragon 
 Shien's Squire ,  Shien's Footsoldier 
 Harpie Girl ,  Amazoness Trainee 
 Demise, King of Armageddon ,  Evigishki Soul Ogre 
 Elemental Hero Prisma ,  Gem-Knight Emerald 
 Mist Valley Baby Roc ,  Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow 
 D.D. Scout Plane ,  D.D. Survivor 
 Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings ,  Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Moon Dragon Quilla ,  Sun Dragon Inti 
 Free Turbo Tag Duel 
 D.D. Trainer ,  Unicycular 
 Sonic Duck ,  Sonic Chick 
 Mad Sword Beast ,  Abare Ushioni 
 Gilasaurus ,  Super-Nimble Mega Hamster 
 The Legendary Fisherman ,  Shark Cruiser 
 Diskblade Rider ,  Chaosrider Gustaph 
 Stygian Sergeants ,  Stygian Street Patrol 
 Reaper on the Nightmare ,  Dark Blade the Dragon Knight 
 Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon ,  Blackwing - Zephyrus the Elite 
 Supply ,  Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer  characters 
 Player 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Andre 
 Armstrong 
 Blister 
 Blitz 
 Bolt 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly 
 Crow 
 Devack 
 Elsworth 
 Greiger 
 Hunter 
 Jack 
 Jakob 
 Jean 
 Kalin 
 Lawton 
 Lazar 
 Leo 
 Lester 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Mina 
 Misty 
 Nervin 
 Primo 
 Rally 
 Randsborg 
 Rathie 
 Rex 
 Roman 
 Sherry 
 Tank 
 Tenzen 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Game original 
 Ivan 
 Nathan 
 Odin 
 Surtr 
 Transcender 
 Zanny 
 
 v e 
 Kalin Kessler  (Kyosuke Kiryu) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/Kiryu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20181115210715', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Kiryu_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110821191313', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Team_Satisfaction_Kiryu.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20220215123550', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Kiryu_prior_to_death.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090503195059', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/DSKiryu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150505154513', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/KIRYUK.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624145419', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Kiryu_manga_portal.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100430231418', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer characters, Kalin Kessler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters