Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_022


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 漆 黒 に 染 まる 日 輪 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shikkoku ni Somaru Nichirin 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Blackened Sun 
 
 
 English 
 The Deleted 
 
 
 Number 
 022 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 11, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shoji Yonemura 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuyuki Fuse 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Tsukasa Sunaga 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Sung-jin Lee Hyeon-guk Kang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Story Time " 
 " A Grim Tale " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Deleted " known as " Blackened Sun " is the twenty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 11, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day, and aired on Teletoon on November 11, 2018 and on Pluto TV January 29, 2021.
 Yusaku  and co. investigate a mysterious phenomenon known as " The Deleted ", where the victims can't log out of  LINK VRAINS  and stay unconscious in the real world. They successfully identify who the next victim might be through the data they collected. In order to prevent more damage, Yusaku and co. decide to take action.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured cards 
 3   In other languages 
 4   Differences between adaptions 
 
 
 Summary 
 Members of LINK VRAINS are enjoying themselves, including several conducting duels, when they suddenly notice an eclipse forming. This causes one duelist's " Arkbrave Dragon ", as well as some virtual structures, to malfunction. While  Kitamura  orders for the problem to be fixed, Playmaker looks on as  Ai  rambles on about his knowledge of solar eclipses. Playmaker believes that there is something occurring regarding the solar eclipse. When the eclipse passes, Playmaker notes that it could be the start of a new beginning.
 In the lecture theater at school, Yusaku has another dream about the  Lost Incident  when  Naoki Shima  calls for his attention. He informs Yusaku about The Deleted, claiming it's the headline news. Yusaku ignores Shima and starts to leave. Shima follows Yusaku out of the school building and tells him what he knows about The Deleted. He claims that The Deleted blacks out its unaware victims at midnight, trapping them in LINK VRAINS. Hospitals are filling up with the unconscious, none of which have woken up yet, according to Shima. Ai whispers something, but Yusaku ignores him, allowing Shima to part with the message that The Deleted only affects talented duelists, so Yusaku need not be worried. Then, Shima rambles on about Playmaker and Yusaku decides to move away. 
 That night, while both are in  Café Nom ,  Kolter  shows camera footage to Yusaku. It shows the exact moment someone is "deleted". Six minutes before midnight, an energy field surrounds an unaware duelist, snatching his soul and leaving him unconscious. Kolter also shows images of the unconscious in hospital. After Ai and Yusaku recall  Blue Angel 's trauma, Kolter claims the  Knights of Hanoi  could be culpable. He decides to analyze the data of the victims. Yusaku notices that the victims are all skilled duelists and famous hackers wearing older Duel Disks. Kolter notices the familiarity of the victims' traits to Yusaku, who knows the Knights of Hanoi are after Ai. Kolter admits he erred; him removing the online footprint of Ai had resorted to the Knights of Hanoi using brute force to seek him out, thus causing more and more victims of The Deleted. Yusaku says they can take advantage of this; knowing they'll be easier to expose, and thus would lead them to the mastermind behind the scheme. 
 Kolter then traces the potential next victim of The Deleted, which is revealed to be Yusaku's classmate,  McKendrick Kellenbocker . Having found Kellenbocker's home, Yusaku notices a flash of light coming out of the upstairs window. He quickly barges into the room only to find Kellenbocker unconscious. Ai then alerts Yusaku to Kellenbocker's computer, which is still on. It appears to depict Kellenbocker in his virtual avatar being cornered at the edge of a cliff. A Knight of Hanoi asks Kellenbocker for Playmaker; Kellenbocker continues to deny any knowledge. Thus, the Knight blasts Kellenbocker with a beam that knocks him unconscious inside LINK VRAINS as well; he falls off the cliff. 
 The  Gore  comes to the rescue; he jumps off his  D-Board  and catches Kellenbocker before he drowns in the virtual water. The Knight from earlier appears to Gore, telling him that Kellenbocker was infected with a virus. The Knight's attempt to strike a deal with Gore for Playmaker in exchange for a secret antidote to cure Kellenbocker is slapped down by Gore, who claims he isn't stupid. Mocking Gore for losing many duels; the Knight reveals his identity as  Dr. Genome  before leaving the scene. Having seen all this happening, Yusaku decides to act.
 Meanwhile,  Varis  monitors his subordinates' progress, knowing that their plan will erase records of the Lost Incident. A  voice  calling Varis states that they will be able to launch the program at any time. Varis asks for more time, saying that he has unfinished business. The person on the other side of the call knows Varis is referring to Playmaker, who won his previous duel against Varis, but knows there can be no further delay.
 Meanwhile, George Gore is outside the emergency ward in hospital and informs  his manager  regarding the situation. Gore claims he was not the one who called paramedics to Kellenbocker's home, but recalls how long he has remembered Kellenbocker for. Gore claims responsibility for Kellenbocker's situation because he taught Kellenbocker how to duel. Gore's manager corrects him, saying the Hanoi are to blame. Just then, the care unit hosting Kellenbocker is transported to a general ward. Gore presses for updates on his condition. The doctor that addresses Gore confirms that Kellenbocker is a victim of The Deleted. 
 After Gore decides what to do, he notices Yusaku eavesdropping on him, and recognizes him as Kellenbocker's classmate. Gore thanks him for coming, but doesn't know his name. Yusaku says his name and leaves. Meanwhile, some Knights of Hanoi go after innocent duelists in LINK VRAINS, Varis sees their behavior and is disappointed by the new recruits tarnishing their image.  Faust  and  Baira  appear behind Varis, the former swearing that they will find and erase Playmaker and his Ignis. They also reveal that Dr. Genome is on the move.
 Meanwhile, Kolter's Café Nom is doing some late night business while facing the Den City Plaza's giant electronic billboard. He alerts Yusaku to the Knights of Hanoi's rampage across LINK VRAINS, and determines that it's too dangerous for Yusaku to go. Yusaku and Kolter then notice "Playmaker" show up in LINK VRAINS. "Playmaker" is cheered on by several viewers at the plaza, including Naoki Shima. "Playmaker" proceeds to dodge the three rampaging Knights' attacks before knocking them towards each other and off their D-Boards. Dr. Genome then shows up from behind, thinking he has found Playmaker. However, Dr. Genome then reveals that he can see through his opponent's disguise, and suspects that he actually is facing The Gore. This makes the viewing public disappointed. As Gore turns off the Playmaker disguise to reveal himself, the MC at the plaza announces Gore's entrance. 
 Dr. Genome claims Gore is wasting his time. However, Gore entices his opponent with the reward of Playmaker's identity should Gore lose. Dr. Genome takes a while to accept Gore's challenge. The viewing public decide to cheer on Gore, while inside Café Nom, Kolter asks if Yusaku gave away too many hints at the hospital. Before the duel begins, Dr. Genome unleashes a  Data Gale  on LINK VRAINS.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Link VRAINS Duelists and The Deleted victims Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Arkbrave Dragon 
 Droll & Lock Bird 
 Gameciel, the Sea Turtle Kaiju 
 Kidmodo Dragon 
 Poki Draco  x2 
 Prime Material Dragon 
 Torpedo Fish Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Transmodify 
 Twin Twisters 
 Traps 
 Heavy Storm Duster 
 Threatening Roar 
 
 Knights of Hanoi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mystery Shell Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hack Worm 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Firewall Dragon 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 ดวงอาทิตย์ที่ถูกย้อมด้วยความมืด
 
 
 Differences between adaptions 
 Emma is omitted from the dub and has no speaking lines or a scene. 
 George's flashback scenes of him fighting back the bullies is cut. 
 Naoki getting mad at Yusaku and the other students reacting to him is cut. 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker 's name on his ID card is edited out and subsequently replaced with "Student ID CARD". 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Vrains_022.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171011202437', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes