Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shadow_Game

A  Shadow Game  (闇のゲーム  Yami no Gēmu , literally  Game of Darkness  or  Dark Game ) is a contest in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series generally between two people that involves a harsh  Penalty Game  for the loser. Shadow Games are predominately mentioned in the original  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .  Shadow Duels , which are Shadow Games of  Duel Monsters , are also played in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , and  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL ,  though not all Shadow Duels are Shadow Games as they are seen in the original anime.
 
 History 
 Egyptians first allowed the Shadow Games. Using various means of sorcery, they send themselves into an alternate dimension where their duel would not be interrupted, and where cheating is strictly forbidden, punishable by death. In the Shadow Games, the sorcerers' skills would be tested by seeing how powerful the monsters they could summon, and how powerful a spell they could cast to power up their monsters.
 The power of the monsters could best be harnessed by the  Millennium Items . Created for the purpose of defending Egypt, they were put into the possession of the Pharaoh and his six priests. However, Dark Bakura wished to steal the Items all for himself, and tried to take the Items, both in Ancient Egypt and in the modern world. To do so, Bakura needed to win them in Shadow Games.
 In the modern world, the possessor of a Millennium Item can challenge another person to a Shadow Game.
 During his Shadow Game with  Koji Nagumo  in the manga, Dark Yugi mentions he is raising the "Shadow Mode" from 1 to 3. At 1, though there were magical effects (such as the players taking damage instead of the monsters), Koji was able to cheat by kicking Yugi in the ribs without automatically losing. At 3, the monsters they played with came alive, and Yugi mentions that Koji's soul is part of the game now.
 
 Lists of Shadow Games 
 List of Shadow Games (manga) 
 List of Games of Darkness (first series anime) 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories   Nitemare  created the Shadow Games.
 
 
 
 
Categories: Shadow Games