Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_011


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 011 
 
 
 
 
 Kit , flanked by his " X-Saber " monsters. 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 身剣一体！！シンクロ使い「刀堂刃」 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shinken Ittai!! Shinkuro Tsukai "Tōdō Yaiba" 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 At One With The Sword!! Synchro User "Yaiba Todo" 
 
 
 English 
 Going, Going, Gong 
 
 
 Number 
 011 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 22, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 10, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 April 30, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 May 15, 2015 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Go Zappa 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " You Show 'Em " 
 " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 
 
 
 " Going, Going, Gong ", known as " At One With The Sword!! Synchro User "Yaiba Todo " in the Japanese version, is the eleventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 22, 2014 and in Canada on October 10, 2015. Nicktoons aired on April 24, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 15, 2016. 
 In the third Duel,  You Show Duel School  is represented by  Gong  while his opponent is  Kit Blade  from the LID  Synchro  Course. Kit bounds around the field, all the while  Synchro Summoning , as he tries to corner Gong, who keeps himself planted on a single portion of the field. Everyone is blown away by the fact Gong doesn't take a chance to get his hands on  Action Cards . Meanwhile, he assembles a surprising strategy.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Gong vs. Kit Blade 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Cast 
 
 
 Summary 
 Tate  recaps that  LID  suddenly appeared without warning and challenged them to a best-of-three match with  You Show Duel School  on the line. First,  Yuya  defeated the  Xyz user   Dipper .  Frederick  cries "shivers!"  Ally  states that next,  Zuzu  lost her match against the  Fusion user   Julia Krystal . Frederick agrees, though he comments that Julia's beauty gave him the shivers. Tate states that with the score at 1-1, the one who will Duel the  Synchro user   Kit Blade  is  Gong , but Kit started off with two Synchro Summons in a row. Ally asks if Gong will be okay with the two strong monsters out, and Gong yells "It's Mr. Gong! To use this man, Gong's name without honorifics is unforgivable!" He reassures them that he'll win for Yuya and protect You Show Duel School.
 Kit and Gong face off; both have 4000  LP , Gong holds four cards and Kit three, and while Gong controls the boosted-to-2500  DEF  " Superheavy Samurai Kabuto ", Kit has the 2500  ATK  " X-Saber Souza " and the 3100 ATK " XX-Saber Gottoms " (in the dub, Kit reiterates LID's goal of seizing You Show if he wins and wonders whose locker he should take, before settling for Yuya's and Zuzu's). Yuya is amazed that Kit could Synchro Summon twice in one turn (in the dub, Yuya speculates that Kit is trying to get into Gong's head and hopes Gong will not lose his focus). Kit asks the silent Gong if he's scared speechless, but Gong replies that a man should stand firm, not panic and not run around in an unseemly manner (in the dub, Gong says Kit can run his mouth all he wants, but Gong does not trash-talk and prefers to fight with skills and monsters). Kit's heard enough, commenting that Gong won't mind if Kit goes all out, then, and he declares his  Battle Phase . He has "Gottoms" attack "Kabuto", and "Gottoms" fires a blast from its sword, destroying "Kabuto", and Kit asks how Gong likes the cutting edge of the " X-Sabers ." But he's not done yet. Kit attacks directly with "Souza", who leaps into the air and swings its swords, unleashing an X-shaped blast of light that pushes Gong backwards. He remains on his feet, his sandals digging gouges into the earth as his LP fall to 1500. The kids are amazed that Gong could withstand the 2500 damage, and  Skip  calls it hot-blooded, the foundation of their rivals, the  Strong Dojo  (in the dub, Skip is so fired up he could set off the sprinklers). Kit asks what they're talking about,  Setting  a card to end his turn.
 
       " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei " attacks.     
 Gong declares his turn and he draws " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", thinking that the standard holder of his Steadfast Dueling is here. Since his opponent controls at least two monsters and Gong none, Gong can  Special Summon  " Superheavy Samurai Scales " from his hand. And when it's Special Summoned, he can Special Summon a " Superheavy Samurai " from his  Graveyard . "Scales" aligns its water pan and "Kabuto" revives from one of the pans. Gong  chants  "Immovable like the mountains, I shall show you the true form of steadfastness!" He  Tributes  "Scales" and "Kabuto" to  Tribute Summon  in  Defense Position , and both monsters vanish in a puff of green dust, which become twin green pillars that unite, and the limbs of the monster emerge from it. Gong yells " Level 8 ! Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei!" as his monster is Summoned with 3500 DEF. Kit and the kids are shocked that Gong was able to Summon in face-up Defense Position, as usually one should only be able to Set monsters in Defense Position. Gong explains that "Big Benkei" can be Tributed Summoned in Defense Position. Kit snorts, asking so what if it can do that? Gong replies that without moving, it will win. This is the core principles of Steadfast Dueling. He declares his Battle Phase, attacking "XX-Saber Gottoms" with "Big Benkei". Kit is shocked at an attack while in Defense Position as Gong explains that "Big Benkei" can attack while it's in Defense Position, and it can use its DEF as its ATK. Boosting forwards, "Big Benkei" slams its fist into the ground and blasts a flaming wave at "Gottoms", as the kids realize that the 3500 DEF of "Big Benkei" against the 3100 ATK of "Gottoms" will make "Big Benkei" the victor, and as "Gottoms" is destroyed, Frederick gets his shivers. Kit is reduced to 3600 LP, and Gong looks at his hand, which contains " Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor ", " Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit " and " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon ". He thinks that with this, his defense is set up and ends his turn with that.
 Kit draws, and then Summons another " XX-Saber Boggart Knight ". When it's  Normal Summoned , he can Special Summon a  Level 4  or lower "X-Saber" monster from his hand, and he Special Summons " XX-Saber Ragigura ". Frederick dismisses it as a 200 ATK small-fry monster, but the effect of "Ragigura" activates, allowing Kit to add an "X-Saber" monster from his Graveyard to his hand since it was Special Summoned. He returns " XX-Saber Faultroll ", which can be Special Summoned when he controls two or more "X-Saber" monsters. He Special Summons it and then activates its effect, allowing him to revive a Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from his Graveyard. Ally isn't impressed at another Special Summon, and Frederick comments that it's like Kit is playing by himself. But any annoyance turns to horror when Kit revives " XX-Saber Fulhelmknight ", the  Tuner monster . They realize that Kit is going to  Synchro Summon  again, and Kit does so,  tuning  the  Level 6  "Faultroll" with the  Level 3  "Fulhelmknight". He chants "Let your silver armour shine! Crush the hope of all who oppose you! Synchro Summon! Come forth!  Level 9 ! XX-Saber Gottoms!"  Zuzu  is horrified that another "Gottoms" showed up after the first one was defeated, but Yuya reassures her that its 3100 ATK is no threat to "Big Benkei". Kit agrees, sprinting away and swinging his wooden katana hard enough to displace an  Action Card . Catching it, he claims that this will decide what happens, and he activates the card, " Extreme Sword ", which will raise the ATK of one of his monsters in during battle by 1000. The sword of "Gottoms" lengthens as its ATK increases to 4100, and Yuya is shocked, and with a chuckle, Kit claims that this is the real charm of  Action Duels . He attacks "Big Benkei" with the powered-up "Gottoms", much to Zuzu's horror. Yuya reassures her that Gong won't take damage from his Defense Position monster, but Kit calls him naive, as he activates his  Trap Card , " Meteorain ," which allows his monsters to deal  Piercing   battle damage  this turn. Gong takes 600 damage, reducing him to 900 LP as flames lick at his clothes.
 
       Gong  is forced to discard the card in his hand.     
 However, when the smoke clears, "Big Benkei" is still on the field, and Kit asks why. Gong explains that he sent "Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit" from his hand to the Graveyard, which will allow him to prevent the destruction of one  Level 5  or higher "Superheavy Samurai". Kit muses that Gong sacrificed his hand to protect his ace, and Gong adds that a monster whose destruction is prevented by "Soulfire Suit" will lose 800 DEF. "Big Benkei" falls to 2700 DEF, noted by Tate to still be higher than the ATK of "Souza". Kit draws out his wooden katana again, telling them that they'll see how that works out with this and swings his katana in front of him, which displaces a second Action Card. But the card goes towards Gong, and as Kit curses and sprints for the card, Tate and Frederick yell at him to get it. Gong refuses to move, so Kit grabs the card, another "Extreme Sword". He uses it to increase the ATK of "Souza" by 1000, to 3500, with the monster's swords lengthening as well. Kit has "Souza" attack "Ben Kei". Gong reminds Kit that the destruction of "Big Benkei" will be prevented by "Soulfire Suit", and Kit in turn reminds him that he'll be taking 800 damage due to "Meteorain". This time, the blast of flame flings Gong backwards, reducing him to 100 LP. The kids gasp in horror, and Zuzu whispers Gong's name. Kit adds that "Soulfire Suit" will reduce the DEF of "Big Benkei" by another 800, to 1900. He muses that Gong held out with the effects of the monsters in his hand, for such a big guy those sure are some small-minded tactics. Gong rises to his feet, replying that that's just how his  Deck  that he believes in saved him (in the dub, Kit decides to arrange to change the situation; Gong's response is cut from the dub). Kit tells him that this will put an end to his tricks, and activates the effect of "Gottoms". This allows him him to Tribute an "X-Saber" monster to have him discard a card from his hand. He Tributes "Boggart Knight", and "Gottoms" fires a blast at Gong's hand, turning one of the cards purple. Frederick cries out in horror as Gong is forced to discard "Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon", but Kit has him discard the last card too, Tributing "Ragigura". Gong discards "Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor", leaving his hand at zero, with nothing he can do. Kit ends his turn with a Set card.
 
       Gong  shows  Yuya  his monster only deck in a flashback.     
 Ally asks what's going on; if this keeps up, Gong will definitely lose. Tate and Frederick lament that he didn't grab the Action Card, but Yuya reassures them that this is how Gong Duels. He remembers a time in their youth when Gong told him that Dueling is to fight while believing in one's Deck; when betting on Action Cards, one never knows what they're going to get. Even if they get it right a hundred times, one wrong move and they're done. Yuya protested that that makes it more exciting, and asked Gong how he fights with his Deck like this, which is revealed to be composed of only  Monster Cards . Gong replied that the Deck is the Gong Style's Steadfast Dueling, and he'll show Yuya that by believing in this Deck, he can win. Back in the present, Yuya mentally urges Gong to make it through this battle with his Steadfast Dueling.
 
         " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei " equipped with " Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall ".     
 It's Gong's turn, and he draws " Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall ", which he immediately Summons. It can be  equipped  to a "Superheavy Samurai" monster he controls and increases its DEF by 1200. Kit calls him a lucky bastard for drawing the card, but Gong replies that it wasn't luck; his Deck understood his determination. Entering his Battle Phase, "Big Benkei" attacks "Souza," boosting forward with the rockets on "Soulshield Wall" and unleashing its flaming shockwave. The attack destroys "Souza" and reduces Kit's LP to 3000. Yuya cheers Gong on, and Kit screams that Gong's done it now. He activates a Trap, " Gottoms' Emergency Call ", which allows him to Special Summon two "X-Saber" monsters from his Graveyard when he controls an "X-Saber" monster. He revives "Souza" and "Ragigura". The effect of "Ragigura" activates, which allows Kit to add "Faultroll" from his Graveyard back to his hand, and the kids recap the moves in shock.  Dipper  comments that the ability to Summon monsters whether it's their turn or not and turn the tides so explosively is what makes an "X-Saber" Deck so frightening.  Julia  points out that it's rare for Dipper to compliment someone else's Deck - did losing make him that weak (in the dub, Julia says losing made Dipper nicer)? Freezing up and whitening as the expression arrows hit him (the arrows are changed to triangles in the dub), Dipper topples to the floor and slinks back to the corner again.  Sora  asks if Gong has a chance to win with his hand at zero, but Yuya replies that Gong hasn't given up yet.
 
         Kit  with two " XX-Saber Gottoms " on his field.     
 Kit draws, and then reveals the other card in his hand, asking if Gong remembers it. Gong replies that "XX-Saber Faultroll" can be Special Summoned when Kit controls two or more "X-Saber" monsters, which he does now, so he Special Summons "Faultroll". Then he uses its effect to revive "Fulhelmknight" again, and Yuya realizes what having both of them means. Yaiba agrees, tuning the Level 6 "Faultroll" with the Level 3 "Fulhelmknight", declaring that it's a double showing of the "X-Saber's" strongest, "Gottoms" and chanting "Synchro Summon! Come forth! Level 9! XX-Saber Gottoms!" Then he Tributes "Ragigura" again, this time to activate the effect of "Souza", and he claims that Gong's face has "why did he do that" written all over it. Telling Gong that he'll find out soon enough, Kit declares his Battle Phase and he has "Souza" attack "Big Benkei". Tate wonders why he's attacking with "Souza" when it has lower ATK, and Kit explains that by Tributing an "X-Saber" monster, "Souza" gains the ability to destroy any monster that it battles with this turn regardless of ATK or DEF. Kit yells that he'll take out that ace monster that Gong has been so stubbornly defending. Gong responds with the effect of "Soulshield Wall", allowing him to send it to the Graveyard to negate an attack on the equipped monster, but at the cost of reducing its DEF to 0. The blades of "Souza" dig into the ground instead, and Kit points out that without its DEF, "Big Benkei" is nothing. He'll reduce Gong's life to shreds with his two remaining "Gottoms", and has one attack "Big Benkei".
 
         Sora  drops his lollipop in disbelief of  Gong's  comeback.     
 Gong yells that that's what he was waiting for. He activates the effect of "Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor" from his Graveyard, and when he removes it, Kit realizes that it was one of the cards that "Gottoms" had sent to the Graveyard earlier. Gong explains that "Soulbreaker Armor" shows its true strength in the Graveyard: by  banishing  it while he has no  Spell  or Trap Cards in his Graveyard, he can inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to the difference between the current and  original DEF  of a "Superheavy Samurai" he controls. As "Soulbreaker Armor" appears on the field, Kit is horrified, and the kids realize that Gong will win. Sora for the first time is absolutely floored, as he drops his lollipop to the ground, where it smashes. Yuya explains that the conditions necessary to pull off the comeback were to have no Spell or Trap Cards in his Graveyard, so Gong didn't use any Spell or Trap cards and made his Deck with only monsters. The LID students are all shocked at the insanity of the idea, and Kit realizes that this was why Gong didn't take the Action Card, as they count as Spell Cards. Gong asks if Kit understands the true power of Steadfast Dueling now. Connected to "Big Benkei" by a stream of red energy, "Soulbreaker Armor" blasts four red orbs at Kit, who admits that Gong made some pretty interesting plays.
 Kit activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Saber Reflection " from his hand, allowing him to negate an instance of effect damage while he controls an "X-Saber" monster. A blue shield appears around him and intercepts the blasts, and Yuya looks worried for the first time, horrified that Kit still had that option. Kit adds that the reflected damage will be bounced back at his opponent, and the shield surges towards Gong as he yells that this is the end (in the dub, Yuya is the one who explains the effect of "Saber Reflection"). Gong closes his eyes and thinks "Namusan!" (edited out from the dub) as the energy surges for him.
 
         Gong  and  Kit's  duel ends in a draw.     
 Gong opens his eyes and activates the effect of another card that Kit had sent to his Graveyard, "Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon". When he has no Spell or Trap Cards in his Graveyard, by banishing it he can negate damage from an opponent's card effect. Kit is furious that Gong negated his own reflected damage as "Soulbang Cannon" sucks in the energy, but that's not all; "Soulbang Cannon" also destroys all the monsters on the field, and deals the total  Levels  of the destroyed monsters times 100 to both players. Everyone is horrified as Kit gasps that their total Levels are  33  - that's 3300 damage. "Soulbang Cannon" explodes, and the blastwave shreds all of the monsters on the field, blowing both Gong and Kit off their feet and reducing their LP to zero. The kids realize that it's a  draw .
 
         Yuya  and  Declan  face off.     
 As the Action Field fades, Yuya runs to Gong, who sits up weakly, apologizing. Even with Heavystrong Dueling, he couldn't protect You Show Duel School. Yuya reassures Gong that it's thanks to him that they got a draw, and Gong showed him the strength of the Deck that he believes in. Up in the box, Skip muses that the result of the best-of-three match is a win, loss and a draw. He tells  Henrietta  that she said that she would take the Duel School if they won the best-of-three, but since the result was a draw, he kindly asks her to leave. Having kept quiet so far, Henrietta stubbornly refuses to let the matter lie; this was a Duel to settle everything, so there can be no draws. Skip points out that the Duel actually  did  end in a draw, but Henrietta proposes a tie-breaker between the Duelists who won. That's fine with Skip, isn't it? Skip protests as Yuya and Gong come back in, Yuya now wearing his goggles. Henrietta comments that it seems like Yuya's up for it, and asks if they shall Duel, as Julia nods. A voice tells them to wait, and  Declan  steps out from behind the wall where he was eavesdropping from, lowering his hood and claiming that he'll put an end to this. Yuya turns and looks at Declan, and they both stare each other down.
 
 Featured Duel: Gong vs. Kit Blade 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 2: Kit 
" XX-Saber Gottoms "  attacks  and  destroys  " Superheavy Samurai Kabuto ". " X-Saber Souza " attacks  directly  ( Gong : 4000 → 1500 LP).  Kit   Sets  1 card.
 Turn 3: Gong 
Gong  draws  " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ". As his opponent controls two or more  monsters , Gong  Special Summons  " Superheavy Samurai Scales " from his hand in Attack Position via its own  effect  (800/1800). As it was  Normal  or Special Summoned, its other effect  activates , letting him Special Summon a " Superheavy Samurai " monster from his  Graveyard . He Special Summons "Superheavy Samurai Kabuto" (1000/2000) in Attack Position. Gong  Tributes  his two monsters to  Tribute Summon  "Big Benkei" (1000/3500), whose effect allows it to be Tribute Summoned in  face-up   Defense Position  instead of being Set. "Big Benkei" may attack while it is Defense Position, with its  DEF  being applied as its  ATK . "Big Benkei" attacks and destroys "Gottoms" (Kit: 4000 → 3600 LP). Gong's hand contains " Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor ", " Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit " and " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon ".
 Turn 4: Kit 
Kit  Normal Summons  " XX-Saber Boggart Knight " (1900/1000). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting Kit Special Summon a  Level  4 or lower " X-Saber " monster from his hand. He Special Summons " XX-Saber Ragigura " (200/1000) in  Attack Position . As it was Normal or Special Summoned, its effect activates, letting Kit  add  an "X-Saber" monster from his Graveyard to his hand. He adds " XX-Saber Faultroll ". As he controls two or more "X-Saber" monsters, Kit Special Summons "Faultroll" from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect (2400/1800). Kit activates the effect of "Faultroll", letting him Special Summon a Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from his Graveyard once per  turn . He Special Summons " XX-Saber Fulhelmknight " (1300/1000) in Attack Position. Kit  tunes  the Level 3  Tuner monster  "Fulhelmknight" with the Level 6 "Faultroll" to  Synchro Summon  another "XX-Saber Gottoms" (3100/2600) in Attack Position. Kit finds and activates the  Action Card  " Extreme Sword ", increasing the ATK of a monster on the  field  by 1000 until the  End Phase  ("Gottoms": 3100 → 4100/2600). "Gottoms" attacks "Big Benkei", with Kit activating his  face-down  " Meteorain ", letting his monsters inflict  piercing   battle damage  this turn (Gong: 1500 → 900 LP). Gong activates the effect of the "Soulfire Suit" in his hand,  sending  it to the Graveyard to  target  a Level 5 or higher Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster he controls. It cannot be  destroyed by battle  this turn, but its DEF is decreased by 800 ("Big Benkei": 1000/3500 → 2700). Kit finds and activates the Action Card "Extreme Sword", increasing the ATK of a monster on the field by 1000 until the End Phase ("Souza": 2500 → 3500/1600). "Souza" attacks "Big Benkei", with "Soulfire Suit" preventing its destruction by battle, but Gong still receives Piercing battle damage (Gong: 900 → 100 LP, "Big Benkei": 1000/2700 → 1900). Kit activates the effect of "Gottoms", letting him Tribute an "X-Saber" monster to  discard  a  random  card from Gong's hand. He Tributes "Boggart Knight" and Gong discards "Soulbang Cannon". Kit activates the effect again, Tributing "Ragigura" to force Gong to discard "Soulbreaker Armor". Kit Sets 1 card.
 Turn 5: Gong 
Gong draws " Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/1200). He activates its effect, letting him  equip  it to a "Superheavy Samurai" monster he controls and increase its DEF by 1200 ("Big Benkei": 1000/1900 → 3100). "Big Benkei" attacks and destroys "Souza" (Kit: 3600 → 3000 LP). As he controls an "X-Saber" monster, Kit activates his face-down " Gottoms' Emergency Call ", letting him Special Summon two "X-Saber" monsters from either Graveyard. He Special Summons "Souza" and "Ragigura", both in Attack Position. As it was Normal or Special Summoned, the effect of "Ragigura" activates, so Kit adds "Faultroll" from his Graveyard to his hand.
 Turn 6: Kit 
As he controls two or more "X-Saber" monsters, Kit Special Summons "XX-Saber Faultroll" from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Kit activates the effect of "Faultroll", Special Summoning ""XX-Saber Fulhelmknight"" from the Graveyard in Attack Position. Kit tunes the Level 3 Tuner monster "Fulhelmknight" with the Level 6 "Faultroll" to Synchro Summon another "XX-Saber Gottoms" in Attack Position. Kit activates the effect of "Souza", letting him Tribute an "X-Saber" monster to allow "Souza" to destroy any monster it  battles  at the start of the  Damage Step  or prevent it from being destroyed by the effects of  Trap Cards . He Tributes "Ragigura" to activate the former effect. "Souza" attacks "Big Benkei", but Gong activates the effect of "Soulshield Wall", sending it to the Graveyard as the equipped monster is being attacked. This  negates  the attack, but reduces the DEF of the equipped monster to 0 ("Big Benkei": 1000/3100 → 0). The first "Gottoms" attacks "Big Benkei", but Gong activates the effect of the "Soulbreaker Armor" in his Graveyard as there are no  Spell /Trap Cards in it and he controls a monster whose current DEF is lower than its  original DEF  that is being attacked. He  banishes  "Soulbreaker Armor" to inflict damage to his opponent equal to the difference between the current and original DEF, meaning 3500. As he controls an "X-Saber" monster and would take effect damage, Kit activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Saber Reflection ", inflicting the damage to his opponent instead. As he controls a "Superheavy Samurai" monster, has no Spell/Trap Cards in his Graveyard and his opponent has activated a card effect that would inflict damage, Gong activates the effect of the "Soulbang Cannon" in his Graveyard, banishing it to reduce the damage to 0, destroy all monsters on the field and inflict damage equal to their combined Levels × 100 to both players, meaning 3300 (Gong: 100 → 0 LP, Kit: 3000 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Kabuto 
 Superheavy Samurai Scales 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall 
 
 Kit Blade Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 XX-Saber Boggart Knight 
 XX-Saber Faultroll 
 XX-Saber Ragigura 
 Tuner monsters 
 XX-Saber Fulhelmknight Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 X-Saber Souza 
 XX-Saber Gottoms  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Saber Reflection 
 Traps 
 Gottoms' Emergency Call 
 Meteorain 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sword's Cemetery 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Extreme Sword  x2 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Kabuto 
 Superheavy Samurai Scales 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sword's Cemetery 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Sauvé par Gong
 
 
  German 
 Gong gibt nicht auf
 
 
  Italian 
 La strategia di Gong
 
 
  Korean 
 신검일체!! 싱크로 사용자 ‘허도치’
 
 
  Thai 
 ตัวกับดาบเป็นหนึ่งเดียวกัน โทโด ไยบะ ผู้ใช้การซิงโคร
 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 Yuya Sakaki
 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Sora Shiun'in 
 
 Mie Sonozaki 
 
 Sora Perse 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 
 Yuzu Hiragi 
 
 Yuna Inamura 
 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 
 Emily Jenness
 
 
 Himika Akaba 
 
 Kikuko Fujimoto 
 
 Henrietta Akaba 
 
 Lianne Marrie Dobbs 
 
 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 Ally 
 
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Tatsuya Yamashiro 
 
 Nanami Shinde 
 
 Tate 
 
 
 
 
 Futoshi Harada 
 
 Kyouko Chikiri 
 
 Frederick 
 
 
 
 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 Yoshimasa Hosoya 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Masumi Kotsu 
 
 Arisa Kiyoto 
 
 Julia Krystal 
 
 Kate Bristol 
 
 
 Hokuto Shijima 
 
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 Dipper O'rion 
 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Yaiba Todo 
 
 Kengo Takanashi 
 
 Kit Blade 
 
 
 
 
 Shuzo Hiragi 
 
 Mitsutaka Itakura 
 
 Skip Boyle 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Noboru Gongenzaka 
 
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/XSaber.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140622164143', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/BenkeiAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192639', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/GongDiscard.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192727', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/GongDeckFlashback.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192731', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/BenkeiSoulshieldWallEquip.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192818', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/2Gottoms.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192925', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/SoraDropLollipop.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/KitGongTie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192936', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/DeclanYuyaFaceOff.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424193000', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes