Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Seto_Kaiba%27s_school_Duel

For the Toei Animation version of this Duel, see  Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba's school Duel (Toei) .      
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba's school Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba's school Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters Shadow Game 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Basic 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba's school Duel  was a  Shadow Game  of  Duel Monsters  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This was  Dark Yugi  and  Seto Kaiba 's first Duel.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Seto Kaiba  got his eyes set on  Sugoroku Mutou 's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card after seeing it in  Kame Game . Following an unsuccessful attempt to buy or trade for it, he made a  counterfeit , which he tried switching with Sugoroku's when  Yugi Mutou  brought it to  school .
 Yugi approached Kaiba afterwards, saying he knew he took the card, but didn't want to say it front of everyone else and asked for it back. Kaiba denied taking it at first, but when Yugi persisted, he struck him with his briefcase. However Yugi switched to  Dark Yugi  and challenged Kaiba to a game of  Duel Monsters .
 Dark Yugi and Kaiba prepared to Duel in a classroom. Planning on making it a  Shadow Game , Dark Yugi warned Kaiba that the rules of this game would be a bit different than what Kaiba is used to. Kaiba thought his Deck would be strong enough to win regardless of whatever house rules, but could still use the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and pretend to have gotten it elsewhere, should he get stuck.
 
 The Duel 
       Kaiba  sees the monsters coming to life.     
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba  Summoned  " Ryu-Kishin " and was surprised to see the monster come to life.
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Blackland Fire Dragon " and used it to  attack  and  destroy  "Ryu-Kishin" (Kaiba: 2000 → 1500  Life Points ).
 Dark Yugi explained that this is a Shadow Game of  Duel Monsters , where the cards the loser will know death as their  Penalty Game . Kaiba replied that this was the extreme game he had been looking for and that he was glad he accepted the challenge.
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba Summoned " Battle Ox ". It attacked and destroyed "Blackland Fire Dragon" (Dark Yugi's: 2000 → 1800 Life Points).
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 
       " Battle Ox ", decapitating  Dark Yugi 's monsters     
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Mystical Elf " in  Defense Mode .
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba switched "Battle Ox" to Defense Mode and  Set  " Giant's Might " to use next turn.
 Dark Yugi wondered what kind of card Kaiba Set and worried that if "Battle Ox" gets much stronger, he would not be able to stop it.
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi  drew  " Skull Servant ", which was too weak to help him.
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba activated "Giant's Might", equipping it to "Battle Ox", increasing its  ATK  by 20% ("Battle Ox": 1700 → 2040).
 "Battle Ox" attacked and destroyed and "Mystical Elf".
 Intermediate turns 
 Over the next few turns, "Battle Ox" destroyed a number of Dark Yugi's monsters, including "Skull Servant", " Mushroom Man " and several unnamed.
 Kaiba's turn 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Summoned Skull " and Kaiba wondered how Yugi got such a card and that it was one of the five strongest monsters in the game. (In the English version, he said it was one of the five strongest  Fiends ).
 "Summoned Skull" attacked and destroyed "Battle Ox", dropping (Kaiba: 1500 → 1040 Life Points).
 Intermediate turns 
 "Summoned Skull" destroyed a number of Kaiba's monsters (Kaiba: 1040 → 800 Life Points).
 Although his Deck had cards that could beat "Summoned Skull", Kaiba thought that the odds of drawing one were low. However he thought that he could win using the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " in his pocket.
 
       " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " destroys itself.     
 Kaiba's turn 
 Kaiba added "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to his  hand , pretending to draw it.
 Kaiba Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and Dark Yugi declared that that was Sugoroku's card, but Kaiba insisted that it was his own copy.
 Since "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" had 500 more ATK than "Summoned Skull", Kaiba planned on winning by attacking with it. However the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" refused to attack as it loyalties were with Sugoroku. Instead it destroyed itself.
 Dark Yugi's turn 
 Dark Yugi used " Monster Reborn " to revive "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and used it to attack Kaiba  directly  (Kaiba: 800 → 0 Life Points).
 
 Aftermath 
 Dark Yugi inflicted the  Experience of Death   Penalty Game  on Kaiba, causing Kaiba to believe his soul was trapped in a  Duel Monsters  card, causing him to be sent to the  Duel Monsters Spirit World , where he experienced death at the hands of monsters.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Ryu-Kishin 
 Unnamed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Giant's Might 
 
 Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Blackland Fire Dragon 
 Mushroom Man 
 Mystical Elf 
 Skull Servant 
 Summoned Skull 
 Various unnamed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Reborn 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 10: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 2) " 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/YGO-010_Blue-Eyes_refuses_to_attack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160522190211', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Ryu-Kishin_and_Blackland_Fire_Dragon_alive.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160522175020', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/YGO-010_Headhunting.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160522190245', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a2/YGO-010_Self-destruct.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160522190200']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duels, Shadow Games