Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Yami_Bakura%27s_Battle_City_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura's Battle City Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura's Battle City Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Yami Bakura 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 KaibaCorp Blimp 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 82:  " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " 83:  " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " 84:  " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Yami Bakura  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Battle City  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Prior Events 
 2   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi vs. Yami Bakura 
 3   Aftermath 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Prior Events 
 Before the duel took place, Yami Yugi noticed  Bakura 's expression was vicious, and realized the evil Bakura (Yami Bakura) had taken over.  Tristan Taylor  is in shock to see the Millenium Ring around Yami Bakura's neck, since he  threw it into the woods back at Duelist Kingdom .
 When they got to the top of the blimp,  Marik Ishtar , pretending to be an innocent duelist named Namu, asked  Joey Wheeler   about the  Millennium Ring  and Bakura's possession. Then, the duel started. 
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi vs. Yami Bakura 
 Turn 1: Yami Bakura 
 Yami Bakura  draws " The Portrait's Secret " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/1500) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then Normal Summons " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " (1500/1200) in Attack Position. "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts"  attacks  and  destroys  "The Portrait's Secret" ( Yami Bakura  4000 → 3700). Yami Yugi  Sets  a card.
 Turn 3: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. He then Normal Summons " The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams " (1300/1800) in Attack Position.
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Gamma The Magnet Warrior " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1800) in Attack Position. "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" attacks and destroys "The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams" (Yami Bakura 3700 → 3500). "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" attacks  directly  (Yami Bakura 3500 → 2000).
 Turn 5: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Destiny Board ". He then Normal Summons " Headless Knight " (1450/1700) in Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" attacks and destroys "Headless Knight" (Yami Bakura 2000 → 1950). "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" attacks directly (Yami Bakura 1950 → 450).
 Turn 7: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. He then removes "The Portrait's Secret", "The Gross Ghost of Fled Dreams", and "Headless Knight" in his  Graveyard   from play  to  Special Summon  " Dark Necrofear " (2200/2800) in Attack Position. Yami Bakura then Sets two cards.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws "Dark Magician Girl". He then  Tributes  "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in Attack Position. Yami Yugi then activates his face-down " Magic Formula " to  equip  the latter to "Dark Magician Girl" and increase her ATK by 500 (Dark Magician Girl": 2000 → 2500/1700). [Notes 1]  "Dark Magician Girl" then attacks and destroys "Dark Necrofear" (Yami Bakura 450 → 150). Because "Dark Necrofear" was  sent  to the Graveyard, Yami Bakura activates " Dark Sanctuary ".
 Yami Yugi has 4000  Life Points  and controls "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" (1500/1800) and "Dark Magician Girl" (2500/2000) in Attack Position, and " Magic Formula " (equipped to "Dark Magician Girl").
 Yami Bakura has 150 Life Points remaining and controls " Dark Sanctuary ".
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yami Bakura has just activated " Dark Sanctuary ". The  Ghost of Dark Sanctuary  now appears and equips itself to one of Yami Yugi's monsters. " Gamma The Magnet Warrior "  attacks  directly, but since "Gamma the Magnet Warrior" was the monster the "Ghost of Dark Sanctuary" was equipped to, the attack is negated and Yami Yugi takes damage equal to half the ATK of "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" (Yami Yugi 4000 → 3250) while Yami Bakura's Life Points increase by the damage Yami Yugi took (Yami Bakura 150 → 900). The Ghost of Dark Sanctuary then randomly equips itself to one of Yami Yugi's monsters.
 Turn 9: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws. He then  activates  his face-down " Destiny Board ". Now during each of Yami Yugi's End Phases, "Destiny Board" will activate  Spirit Messages  from Yami Bakura's hand or Deck in the following order:  Spirit Message "I" ,  Spirit Message "N" ,  Spirit Message "A" , and  Spirit Message "L" . When Yami Bakura activates all four Spirit Messages in the correct order, he will automatically win the Duel. Yami Bakura then activates " The Dark Door ". Now both players can only attack with one monster during their respective Battle Phases. Yami Bakura then sets one card ("Dark Spirit of the Silent") and Normal Summons " Earthbound Spirit " (500/2000) in Defense Position. Yami Bakura then  Tributes  "Earthbound Spirit" to keep "Dark Sanctuary" on the field. 
 Turn 10: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/200) in  Defense Position . " Dark Magician Girl " attacks directly, but since she was equipped with the Ghost of Dark Sanctuary, the attack is negated (Yami Yugi 3250 → 2000; Yami Bakura 900 → 2150). The Ghost of Dark Sanctuary then randomly equips itself to one of Yami Yugi's monsters. 
 On Yami Yugi's End Phase, Yami Bakura activates "Spirit Message "I" due to the effect of "Destiny Board". At this point, Yami Yugi claims it's impossible for Yami Bakura to win through the effect of "Destiny Board" as he doesn't have enough Spell/Trap Card Zones to play all of the remaining Spirit Messages, but Yami Bakura claims that the effect of "Dark Sanctuary" allows him to play Spell/Trap Cards in his Monster Card Zone.
 Turn 11: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Sangan " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1000/600) in Attack Position. Yami Bakura then Tributes "Sangan" to keep "Dark Sanctuary" on the field. "Sangan's effect then activates, allowing Yami Bakura to add a  monster  with 1500 or less ATK from his  Deck  to his  hand  (NOTE: When "Sangan"'s effect activates in the dub, Yami Bakura says that it allows him to  draw  a card when it's sent to the  Graveyard  without specifying that it let's him pick a monster with 1500 ATK or less as that card). 
 Turn 12: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws " Big Shield Gardna " and subsequently Normal Summons it (100/2600) in Defense Position. "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" attacks directly, but Yami Bakura activates his face-down " Dark Spirit of the Silent " to negate the attack and force "Dark Magician Girl" to attack directly instead. Since "Dark Magician Girl" was equipped with the Ghost of Dark Sanctuary, the attack is negated (Yami Yugi 2000 → 750; Yami Bakura 2150 → 3400). The Ghost of Dark Sanctuary then randomly equips itself to one of Yami Yugi's monsters. Yami Yugi's hand contains "Collected Power", " Monster Reborn ", "Exile of the Wicked", " Card Destruction ", and " De-Fusion ". Yami Yugi Sets two cards. On Yami Yugi's End Phase, Yami Bakura activates "Spirit Message "N" due to the effect of "Destiny Board".
 Turn 13: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws " Souls of the Forgotten " and subsequently Normal Summons it (900/200) in Defense Position. Yami Bakura then Tributes "Souls of the Forgotten" to keep "Dark Sanctuary" on the field.
 Turn 14: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then activates his face-down " Collected Power " to equip all  Equip Cards  to "Kuriboh" which includes the Ghost of Dark Sanctuary. Yami Yugi then activates " Exile of the Wicked " to  destroy  "Kuriboh". This action also destroys the Ghost of Dark Sanctuary. Yami Yugi then activates his face-down "Monster Reborn" to revive " Dark Necrofear " (2200/2800) in Attack Position and under his control. Since "Dark Necrofear" is on the field, "Dark Sanctuary" is destroyed. "Dark Necrofear"  attacks  directly (Yami Bakura 3400 → 1200). On Yami Yugi's End Phase, Yami Bakura activates "Spirit Message "A" due to the effect of "Destiny Board".
 Turn 15: Yami Bakura 
Yami Bakura draws.
 Yami Yugi has 750  Life Points  and controls "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" (1500/1800), "Dark Magician Girl" (2500/2000), and "Dark Necrofear" (2200/2800) in Attack Position, "Big Shield Gardna" (100/2600) in Attack Position, and " Magic Formula " (equipped to "Dark Magician Girl").
 Yami Bakura has 1200 Life Points remaining and controls " Dark Sanctuary ", " The Dark Door ", " Destiny Board ", " Spirit Message "I" ", " Spirit Message "N" ", and " Spirit Message "A" ".
 Turn 15: Yami Bakura 
 Yami Bakura  has just conducted his Draw Phase. The card he drew was " Jowgen the Spiritualist ", which he subsequently Normal Summons (200/1300) in  Attack Position . Yami Bakura then activates the effect of "Jowgen the Spiritualist" to  discard  one random card in his hand and  destroy  all  Special Summoned  monsters on the field. Since " Dark Necrofear " has been destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Yami Bakura  reactivates  " Dark Sanctuary " from his Graveyard. Yami Bakura then  Tributes  "Jowgen the Spiritualist" to keep "Dark Sanctuary" on the field. Yami Bakura then  Sets  a card (" Dark Spirit of the Silent ") in his  Monster Card Zone  due to the effect of "Dark Sanctuary". He intends to activate " Spirit Message "L" " on Yami Yugi's next End Phase so he can win via the effect of " Destiny Board ".
 Turn 16: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi 's hand contains " Card Destruction ", " De-Fusion ", and " Berfomet ". Yami Yugi draws "Slifer the Sky Dragon". He then tributes " Gamma The Magnet Warrior ", " Dark Magician Girl ", and " Big Shield Gardna " in order to  Tribute Summon  " Slifer the Sky Dragon " (X000/X000) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Slifer the Sky Dragon", its ATK and DEF are equal to the number of cards in Yami Yugi's hand times 1000 and Yami Yugi currently has three ("Slifer the Sky Dragon": X000 → 3000/X000 → 3000).  Yami Bakura tries to  select  "Slifer" as the  target  of for the "Ghost of Dark Sanctuary", but it fails. 
 Yami Yugi prepares to attack, but Odion disguised as Marik appears and uses his Millennium Rod to turn Yami Bakura back into  Bakura Ryou  (in reality, the real  Marik Ishtar  persuaded Yami Bakura to release the real Bakura). Yami Bakura tries to use  Bakura  as a shield to prevent Yami Yugi from attacking and winning the Duel, but eventually Yami Bakura takes over and decides to take the hit instead of losing his host. "Slifer the Sky Dragon"  attacks  directly (Yami Bakura 1200 → 0).
 
 Aftermath 
 Yami Bakura releases Bakura, who now falls comatose and Yugi qualifies for the semi-finals. In Bakura's room  Téa Gardner  offers to keep an eye on Bakura, And as everyone leaves, she holds Bakura's Millennium Ring, with everyone unaware she is still under Marik's control.
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The  TCG / OCG  version of this card has the equipped monster gain 700 ATK. 
 
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/Yugioh083.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140522170144']
Categories: Battle City Duels