Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Joey_Wheeler_(Duel_Links)


 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 城之内克也 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Joey Deck Fierce Fighters Fierce Fighters Max Fusion Fighters Fusion Fighters Max Soul of a True Duelist A Duelist's Oath Legendary Warriors Power of Friendship 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroki Takahashi 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Joey Wheeler , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 3 of Duel World (DM) and can be unlocked as a playable character by defeating him.
 Red  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Joey Wheeler at the  Gate .
 The  special event  Super Joey has Joey use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.  Mind-Controlled Joey , a variation on this character, is a pseudo-Legendary Duelist.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 3   Gallery 
 4    Unlock Missions 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Character 
 5.2   Opponent 
 
 5.2.1   Level 10 
 5.2.2   Level 20 
 5.2.3   Level 30 
 5.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.3   Super Joey 
 
 5.3.1   Level 30 
 5.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.4    Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 
 5.4.1   Level 20 
 5.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.5    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 5.5.1   Kuriboh Cup 
 5.5.2   DM Cup (As your tag duel partner) 
 
 
 
 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 
 6.1   Main release 
 6.2   Beta release 
 
 
 7   Duel rewards 
 8   Skills 
 9   Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Character-specific 
 9.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 10   Unused Dialogue 
 11   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 The Duelist Joey Wheeler isn't afraid to face danger to help his friends, especially for his best bud  Yugi . Always ready to take a chance, his cards often rely on luck. However, his go-to monster is the reliable " Red-Eyes B. Dragon ."
 
 Biography 
 After the player advances to Stage 3, they will encounter Joey for the first time, making an unexpected arrival through the Gate. He is apparently taken off guard by the unexpected transportation, and threatens to pummel its processors if he gets transported like that again. Upon recovering, he comments that Duel World looks similar to  Domino City , and that he'll feel right at home as he tries to become the Duel World King. He declares that all other Duelists should watch out, since "Joey Wheeler is comin'!" before mentioning that  Kaiba  neglected to send him a personal invite; he angrily states that he'll show him.
 Until the player defeats Joey at least once, whenever they challenge Joey to a Duel, he notes that the player can't get to the next Stage unless they beat him first. He then prompts the player to show him their skills, followed by his declaration of "Step right up so I can knock ya down!" which he privately enjoys, thinking his 'trash talk' sent shivers down the player's spine.
 Until the player defeats Joey at least once, whenever they lose to him, the latter briefly cheers. However, he then reveals to the player that he's been bothered by something: his current Deck is different from his one in the real world, as it's missing some cards. He recommends that the player check their own Deck as well, before wishing them good luck and saying that he'll see them around.
 When Joey is defeated for the first time, he will be briefly surprised, but quickly recovers by stating that he's not giving up on his dream of becoming the Duel World King, since he's never surrendered before and won't surrender now. He then tells the player that when he Duels, he always gives it his all, with his " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " fighting by his side. After this dialogue, the player unlocks him as a playable character, along with his Deck.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Silhouette Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
  Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Reach Stage 3.
 
 -
 
 
 Win 1 Duel(s) against Joey Wheeler at Level 1 in Duel World.
 
 -
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Joey Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon  x2 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Flame Manipulator  x2 
 Hero of the East  x2 
 M-Warrior #1  x3 
 M-Warrior #2  x3 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blue Medicine 
 Skill: "Fields of the Warriors" (Begin the Duel with the Field Spell "Sogen" activated.)
 
 
 Swords and Sorcery Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 X-Saber Anu Piranha  x3 
 Neo the Magic Swordsman  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gilford the Legend 
 D.D. Warrior 
 X-Saber Galahad  x2 
 A Man with Wdjat  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Assault Armor 
 Sword of Dragon's Soul  x2 
 The A. Forces  x2 
 Legendary Sword 
 Traps 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Ready for Intercepting 
 Skill: "Reinforcements" (Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.)
 
 
 Soul of Red-Eyes Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Kidmodo Dragon  x2 
 The Dark - Hex-Sealed Fusion  x2 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Slash Dragon  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Red-Eyes Insight  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Smoke Grenade of the Thief 
 Traps 
 Blast with Chain  x2 
 Red-Eyes Spirit  x2 
 Metalmorph  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Fierce Fighters Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Marmot of Nefariousness  x3 
 Doron  x2 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 Kurama  x3 
 Mega Thunderball  x3 
 Meotoko  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hinotama 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Fierce Fighters Max Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon  x3 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 
 M-Warrior #1  x2 
 M-Warrior #2  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Fusion Fighters Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword  x3 
 Baby Dragon  x3 
 M-Warrior #1  x3 
 M-Warrior #2  x3 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword Dragon 
 Karbonala Warrior Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Shield & Sword  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Fusion Fighters Max Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon  x2 
 Battle Steer  x2 
 Flame Manipulator  x2 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight  x3 
 Time Wizard  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Flame Swordsman 
 Thousand Dragon Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Graceful Dice  x2 
 Legendary Sword  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Shield & Sword 
 Super Joey 
 Level 30 
 
 Soul of a True Duelist Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Dragon's Chick  x3 
 Blue Dragon Summoner  x3 
 Poki Draco  x2 
 Element Dragon 
 Spirit Ryu Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Stamping Destruction  x2 
 Tribute Doll 
 Dragon's Gunfire 
 Traps 
 Magical Arm Shield 
 Time Machine 
 Kunai with Chain 
 Metalmorph 
 Level 40 
 
 Soul of a True Duelist Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes B. Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Dragon Summoner  x2 
 Vanguard of the Dragon  x3 
 Cave Dragon  x2 
 Red-Eyes Wyvern  x2 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth 
 Desert Twister Spells  (2) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Stamping Destruction  x2 
 Traps 
 Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi 
 Red-Eyes Spirit  x2 
 Kunai with Chain 
 Metalmorph 
  Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 Level 20 
 
 A Duelist's Oath Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 M-Warrior #1  x2 
 M-Warrior #2  x2 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 
 The Legendary Fisherman Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Shield & Sword 
 Stray Lambs 
 Traps 
 Graverobber  x2 
 Level 40 
Skill: "Legendary Warrior" (Can be Used if Joey's Life Points are at 1000 or below. Joey plays " Gilford the Lightning " to his side on the field.) 
 Legendary Warriors Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight  x3 
 Gearfried the Swordmaster 
 Gilford the Lightning 
 Jinzo 
 Panther Warrior  x2 
 Rocket Warrior  x3 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Graceful Dice 
 Lightning Blade  x3 
 Release Restraint  x2 
 Release Restraint Wave 
 Traps 
 Kunai with Chain 
 Skull Dice 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Kuriboh Cup 
 
 Power of Friendship (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Axe Raider  x3 
 Baby Dragon  x2 
 Flame Manipulator  x2 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Time Wizard  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Flame Swordsman 
 Thousand Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Divine Sword - Phoenix Blade 
 Lightning Blade 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Shield & Sword 
 Sogen 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Kunai with Chain 
 DM Cup (As your tag duel partner) 
Skill: "Slash Dragon Advent" (If your Life Points are at 2000 or below, play 1 "Red-Eyes Slash Dragon" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 Red-Eyes Fusion Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gearfried the Iron Knight  x3 
 Black Metal Dragon  x3 
 Red-Eyes Retro Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Wyvern Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Slash Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Red-Eyes Fusion  x3 
 Red-Eyes Insight  x2 
 Traps 
 Trap Hole  x2 
 Red-Eyes Spirit 
 Return of the Red-Eyes 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Joey Wheeler reach a certain Level.
 
 Main release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 LP Boost α ( Skill )
 
 
 4
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 5
 
 1 copy of " Polymerization "
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 8
 
 1 copy of " Alligator's Sword "
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Legendary Sword "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Grit ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Mystical Sheep #1 "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Alligator's Sword Dragon "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Time Wizard "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Reinforcements ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Thousand Dragon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Rocket Warrior "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Heart of the Underdog "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of  " Rocket Warrior "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Dice Re-Roll "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Copycat "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Blue Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Blue Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 
 Beta release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 LP Boost α ( Skill )
 
 
 4
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 5
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 6
 
 1 copy of " Polymerization "
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Karbonala Warrior "
 
 
 8
 
 1 copy of " Lava Battleguard "
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Swamp Battleguard "
 
 
 12
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Grit ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Alligator's Sword Dragon "
 
 
 15
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Legendary Sword "
 
 
 17
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 19
 
 30 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Reinforcements ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Time Wizard "
 
 
 22
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Rocket Warrior "
 
 
 24
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Mystical Sheep #1 "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 500 Gems
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Joey Wheeler, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gilford the Lightning "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Time Wizard "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Shield & Sword "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Graceful Dice "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Skull Dice "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Metalmorph "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Alligator's Sword "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Exchange "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Hinotama "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Sogen "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Graverobber "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Lava Battleguard "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Swamp Battleguard "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Super Joey, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Red-Eyes Insight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Divine Knight Ishzark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Red-Eyes Spirit "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Giltia the D. Knight "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dangerous Machine Type-6 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Protector of the Throne "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Guardian of the Labyrinth "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Level 3
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Fields of the Warriors
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Sogen " activated.
 
 Mission Bingo
 
 
 Last Gamble
 
 Can be used in your Main Phase, starting from the fifth turn. Upon activation, reduces your LP to 100 and discards 2 cards from your hand. You roll a die and draw that number of cards. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Luck on Your Side
 
 If your Life Points drop below 1000, your coin tosses always land on heads.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Red-Eyes Roulette
 
 Select 1 monster from the list below and add it to your Deck from outside of the Deck. Then, add 1 random "Red-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand and return 1 "Red-Eyes" card from your hand to your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 10 or more "Red-Eyes" cards including at least 5 "Red-Eyes" monsters. Can be used from the 4th turn onward. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. (Extra Deck does not count.) "Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning" "Summoned Skull" "Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact" "Meteor Dragon" "Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight" "Gearfried the Iron Knight"
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Roll 'n' Boost
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. Show 1 monster card in your hand to the opponent and roll the die once. The Level of the monster shown becomes that of the die number until the end of the turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Joey announces "Yuge! You promised that you'd Duel me, and it's time ta' pay up!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Yuge! Dat was a Duel for the ages!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Dat's why you're da' one and only King of Games! Thanks for da' Duel, Yuge!" 
 Seto Kaiba 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba , Joey announces "Kaiba! It's time I put ya' stinkin' mug in it's place!"
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "The ONE person I didn't wanna lose to! Argh! I'll never hear de end of dis!" 
 Mai Valentine 
 When starting a Duel with  Mai Valentine , Joey announces "Mai, show me what ya got!" followed by "'Cause I'm gonna Duel to my last breath!"
 When he loses the duel, Joey says "Not too shabby, Mai!" followed by "You took me down like a champ!" 
 Tea Gardner 
 When starting a Duel with  Tea Gardner , Joey announces "If I'm gonna be a true Duelist, I can't lose to you!"
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "I hate to admit it, but ya got the better of me dis time." 
 Weevil Underwood 
 When starting a Duel with  Weevil Underwood , Joey announces "I thought I smelled a dung beetle." followed by "I'll show dis Duelin' disgrace who's boss!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "It's not that I'm too strong..." followed by "It's that your too weak bug boy!" 
 Mako Tsunami 
 When Joey wins a Duel against  Mako Tsunami , he says "It's been an honor to Duel ya, Mako." 
 Yami Marik 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Marik , Joey announces "I'll play your Shadow Game, ya' freak!" followed by "It's time for da Rare Hunter to be da rare hunted!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Welcome to Loserville, Marik! Population - you!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Marik... I'll put an end to your evil someday..." 
 Bandit Keith 
 When starting a Duel with  Bandit Keith , Joey announces "I'd call ya a dirty rat, but I don't wanna insult da rats!" 
 Odion 
 When starting a Duel with  Odion , Joey announces "Listen up, ya' bald headed freak! I'm not scareda you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Can ya' say 'Vic-to-ry' for 'J-o-ey'!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "I gave it my all, but is still wasn't enough..." 
 Tristan Taylor 
 When starting a Duel with  Tristan Taylor , Joey announces "C'mon Tristan! Ya know ya can't beat me!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Hahahaha! C'mon Tristan? Ya think I'll lose to an amateur?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "I lost to Tristan... I'll never get over this..." 
 Duke Devlin 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Duke Devlin , Joey says "If I'm gonna be a true Duelist, I can't lose to you!" 
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Heh! How's dat! My games on point!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Argh! Rematch! C'mon! Rematch!" followed by "I won't lose next time!" 
 
 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Joey Summons " Jinzo ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Wait til you see this!" followed by "Jinzo!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Jinzo" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Jinzo" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jinzo attack!" followed by "Cyber Energy Shock!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Jinzo's effect activates!" followed by "Trap Search!" 
 When Joey Wheeler Summons " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey Wheeler appears, and he announces "Red-Eyes Black Dragon!" followed by "This pal o' mine's a super rare monster!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (or it's  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Red-Eyes!" followed by "Inferno Fire Blast!" 
 When Joey Summons " The Legendary Fisherman ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Mako trusted me to use dis card right, so I'm gonna!" followed by "The Legendary Fisherman!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "The Legendary Fisherman" during that Duel, a cutscene of "The Legendary Fisherman" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Legendary Fisherman attacks!" followed by "Harpoon of Doom!" 
 When Joey Summons " Archfiend Black Skull Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey briefly appears, and he announces "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gilford the Lightning ", a cut-in frame of Joey briefly appears, and he announces "My legendary fighter has the power to control the skies and crush all your hopes!" followed by "Gilford the Lightning!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Gilford the Lightning!" followed by "Lightning Crush!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gilford the Lightning's special ability activates!" followed by "Bring da thunder and rain down the pain!" 
 When Joey Summons " B. Skull Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Check out B. Skull Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "B. Skull Dragon!" followed by "Crush 'em with Molten Fireball!" 
 When Joey Summons " Meteor Black Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Meteor Black Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meteor Black Dragon attacks!" followed by "Burning Dark Meteor!" 
 When Joey Summons " Divine Knight Ishzark , a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "My noble knight's strength comes straight from the heavens!" followed by "Divine Knight Ishzark!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Divine Knight Ishzark!" followed by "Breakdown Distortion!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "I summon Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon!" followed by "Flash Flare Blast!" 
 When Joey Summons " Alligator's Sword ", he announces "Alligator's Sword!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Alligator's Sword! Wield your blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Alligator's Sword Dragon ", he announces "Alligator's Sword Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fly Alligator's Sword Dragon!" followed by "Glide Blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Axe Raider ", he announces "Check dis! It's Axe Raider!" followed by "He's an ultra rare monster!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Axe Raider!" followed by "Wind Blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Baby Dragon ", he announces "Let's go Baby Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get' em Baby Dragon!" followed by "Dragon Breath!" 
 When Joey Summons " Battle Warrior ", he announces "Battle Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Battle Warrior!" followed by "Ultimate Battle Fist!" 
 When Joey Summons " Blue Flame Swordsman ", he announces "Here comes Blue Flame Swordsman!"
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue Flame Swordsman's effect activates!" 
 When Joey Summons " Copycat ", he announces "Copycat!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Copycat! Attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Aww yeah! Copycat!" followed by "It lets me copy your best card!" 
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with " Fiendish Engine Ω ", he announces "I attack with Fiendish Engine Ω!" followed by "Crushtacular Crash" 
 When Joey Summons " Flame Swordsman ", he announces "Flame Swordsman! Goooo!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flame Swordsman, time to fight!" followed by "Flaming Sword of Battle!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", he announces "C'mon, Gearfried!" or "Gearfried the Iron Knight!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Gearfried!" followed by "Metal Forearm Thrust!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Equip Cards slide right off Gearfried's iron armor!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gearfried the Swordmaster ", he announces "Shake off dem shackles, Gearfried the Swordmaster!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gearfried the Swordmaster, attack!" 
 When Joey activates that monster's effect, he announces "When Gearfried the Swordmaster equips an Equip Card, it destroys one of your monsters!" 
 When Joey Summons " Giltia the D. Knight ", he announces "I'm playin' this card! Giltia the D. Knight!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Giltia, attack!" followed by "Soul Spear Assault!" 
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with " Lava Golem ", he announces "Lava Golem, attack!" followed by "Bring the heat!" 
 When Joey Summons " Little-Winguard ", he announces "Little-Winguard!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Little-Winguard attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Little-Winguard's effect switches battle position!" 
 When Joey Summons " Panther Warrior ", he announces "Pounce on in, Panther Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Panther Warrior!" followed by "Swift Panther Slash!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Black Dragon Sword ", he announces "I forge da ultimate weapon, Red-Eyes Black Dragon Sword!" 
 When Joey Summons " Rocket Hermos Cannon ", he announces "I'm counting on this card, Rocket Hermos Cannon!" 
 When Joey Summons " Rocket Warrior ", he announces "Rocket Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Rocket Warrior, transform to Invincible Mode!" followed by "Invincible Attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rocket Warrior cuts your monster's ATK points down!" 
 When Joey Summons " Swordsman of Landstar ", he announces "Come on out, Swordsman of Landstar!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Swordsman of Landstar! Attack!" 
 When Joey Summons " Thousand Dragon ", he announces "All right!" followed by "Thousand Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Thousand Dragon!" followed by "Noxious Nostril Gust!" 
 When Joey Summons " Time Magic Hammer ", he announces "I don't know what this weapon can do, but that's never stopped me before." followed by "Time Magic Hammer!" 
 When Joey Summons " Time Wizard ", he announces "You got this Time Wizard!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Time Wizard, attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Time Wizard's effect activates!" followed by "Time Roulette!"
 When resolving the effect by calling the coin toss correctly, he announces "Time Wizard!" followed by "Time Magic!" 
 When resolving the effect by calling the coin toss incorrectly, he announces "Aw no! I failed!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Joey activates " Dangerous Machine Type-6 ", he announces "Da Continuous Spell, Dangerous Machine Type-6 activates!" 
 When Joey activates " Eradicating Aerosol ", he announces "Bugs really bug me!" followed by "Eradicating Aerosol!" 
 When Joey activates " Graceful Dice ", he announces "Here's the Spell Card - Graceful Dice! It raises my monster's Attack Points depending on what I roll!" 
 When Joey activates " Graverobber ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Graverobber!" followed by "I steal 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard!"
 If Joey activates a Spell Card he obtained from this effect, he remains mute. 
 When Joey activates " Heart of the Underdog " or its effect, he announces "I activate da Spell Card, Heart of the Underdog!" 
 When Joey activates " Kunai with Chain ", he announces "This has gotta work! Kunai with Chain!" 
 When Joey activates " Lightning Blade ", he announces "Electricity zaps when it's in water!" followed by "Lightning Blade!" 
 When Joey activates " Magical Arm Shield ", he announces "I activate da Trap, Magical Arm Shield!" 
 When Joey activates " Metalmorph ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Metalmorph!" 
 When Joey activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Joey activates " Release Restraint ", he announces "Time to set ya free, Gearfried! I activate the Spell Card, Release Restraint!" 
 When Joey activates " Salamandra ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell. Power 'em up Salamandra!" 
 When Joey activates " Shield & Sword ", he announces "Shield & Sword!" followed by "This switches the Attack and Defense Points of all monsters on the field! This switcheroo spells trouble for you!" 
 When Joey activates " Sogen ", he announces "This is the perfect field for my monsters! Sogen!" 
 When Joey activates " Skull Dice ", he announces "I activate da Trap Card - Skull Dice! This lowers your monsters' Attack Points dependin' on the number I roll!" 
 When Joey activates " The Claw of Hermos ", he announces "I can feel da power hidden in this card,..." followed by "It's like nothing I felt before. The Claw of Hermos!" 
 When Joey activates " Trap Hole ", he announces "Ta-daa!" followed by "It's da Trap Card, Trap Hole!" 
 When Joey activates " White Elephant's Gift ", he announces "I activate da Spell Card, White Elephant's Gift!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Joey Summons " Lord of the Red ", he announces "I tribute myself. Come on out, Lord of the Red!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Joey activates " Fairy Box ", he announces "I activate da Trap Card, Fairy Box! You can't hit what you can't see! Hehehehe..." 
 When Joey activates " Giant Trunade ", he announces "I activate da Spell Card, Giant Trunade!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Transmigration ", he announces "You ain't ready for this. I activate my Ritual Spell Card, Red-Eyes Transmigration!" 
 When Joey activates " Roulette Spider ", he announces "Gotta risk it all to win it all. Spin Roulette Spider!" 
 When Joey activates " Scapegoat ", he announces "Da Quick-Play Spell, Scapegoat!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Duel Monsters  (DM) counterpart of  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) . 
 The inclusion of " Divine Knight Ishzark " and " Fiendish Engine Ω " as card-specific dialogue come from Joey's usage of those cards in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  manga. 
 Due to Joey Wheeler (DSOD) being introduced to  Duel Links  on January 26, 2020, some of that character's card-specific dialogue was copied onto that of Joey Wheeler (DM), giving the latter additional card-specific dialogue. 
 Initially, Joey Wheeler (DM) did not have a 3D cutscene for " The Legendary Fisherman ". But as of June 25, 2020, the cutscene for "The Legendary Fisherman" has been made available when summoned by Joey Wheeler (DM). 
 In a Duel with Joey, if Joey is winning with the opponent having 2000 or less life points, and Joey having more than 2000 life points, before drawing for his draw phase on his turn, he may say the line "Everything's coming up Joey." This is a reference to the line and song "Everything's Coming Up Roses" from the musical "Gypsy". 
 Yuma and Astral ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Jack Atlas ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton , Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Leo ,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix , Joey Wheeler (DM),  Akiza Izinski ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 Yami Yugi , Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM),  Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton,  Yubel , Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Some characters who lose against Joey become annoyed and agitated, as shown in their dialogue (audible and inaudible):
 Téa Gardner (DM)  says that her loss "is going to sting for a month". 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) says that losing to Joey "is a nightmare". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor  - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine  - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM) - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale  - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion  - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes  - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  - Evolved Hassleberry
 Joey is the first Legendary Duelist to have a special event counterpart to appear in the game. 
 "Super Joey" is the shared name between the special event counterpart of Joey Wheeler (DM) and the enhanced counterpart of Joey Wheeler (DSOD). 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Rex Goodwin  - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Tristan Taylor (DM)  - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor, Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar  - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD)  -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM),  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Espa Roba , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood,  Bandit Keith , Rex Raptor, and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler  and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine  and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Joey Wheeler  (Katsuya Jonouchi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Links (mind-controlled) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/JoeyWheeler-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20211007115529', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/Profile-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306183502', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Icon-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164350', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/Icon-DULI-JoeyWheeler2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180305222207', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Chibi-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828131531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/Icon-DULI-JoeySilhouette.png/revision/latest?cb=20180315154127', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/CutIn-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314185528', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Summoning-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172043', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Defeat-DULI-JoeyWheeler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307145337', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Joey Wheeler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters