Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_017


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ドロー！ドロー！ドロー! 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dorō! Dorō! Dorō! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Draw! Draw! Draw! 
 
 
 English 
 Nature of the Draw 
 
 
 Number 
 017 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 26, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 16, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Ok Mi Jung Seung Jun 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Duel Giant " 
 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Nature of the Draw" , known as  "Draw! Draw! Draw!"  in the Japanese version, is the seventeenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 26, 2005 and in the United States on November 16, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  tracks down and Duels  Damon , a former student who has been breaking into the card shop and stealing the  Golden Eggwich  each day.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Damon vs. Obelisk Blue student 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki vs. Damon 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  rush to  Ms. Dorothy 's card shop, with Jaden eager to acquire a  Golden Eggwich . Dorothy makes sandwiches for the students each day, and one of them contains an egg sandwich made with a golden egg from one of  Duel Academy 's hens. Since it only lays one egg a day, only one such sandwich is made. The students use the sandwiches to practice their  card drawing , with each hoping to unwrap the sandwich to find the one made with the golden egg. Jaden "draws" one of the sandwiches, unwraps it, and bites into it, but he's not found the Golden Eggwich. Syrus states it's been weeks since Jaden has gotten it, but prior to that, he nearly always managed to obtain it.  Alexis Rhodes  arrives, holding 2 sandwiches causing Jaden to assume she took the Golden Eggwich  so they could have lunch together. This causes her to blush, replying she was practicing her draws. Ms. Dorothy arrives and confirms Alexis' claim and explains that not only has Jaden not been getting the Golden Eggwich,  no one  has, which means that the sandwich is being stolen. If this is true, then the thief must have very high luck in drawing. Jaden vows to catch the thief.
 Jaden plans to stake-out the card shop to catch the thief that night. Syrus and  Chumley Huffington  accompany him. Alexis is also present, and Jaden questions why. She thinks to herself that the thief could be related to the disappearance of the students at the  Abandoned Dorm , including  her brother . Later, the thief finally shows himself, and carefully selects one sandwich from the cart. The lights are flipped on, and he's revealed as a shirtless, muscular young man, who gives a yell like  Tarzan  before escaping. They give chase, and track him to the middle of the forest, where he attempts to scale a waterfall. Ms. Dorothy recognizes him as  Damon , and calls his name. He falls from the waterfall, landing in the water below. Ms. Dorothy explains he that Damon used to an  Obelisk Blue  student, and would always be frustrated that he couldn't draw the right sandwich. Damon explains that he used to always get the top score on written exams, but was not skilled in actual Dueling, due to his bad drawing luck. A flashback is shown, with his opponent having " Jinzo " on the field, and Damon with " Doron ". He draws " Fake Trap ", which is useless to him due to the  Trap - negation  effect of "Jinzo". He confined himself to the mountains and honed his drawing skills through nature. He would let his cards flow down the waterfall, and through practice always be able to pick out the most powerful ones. As a final test, he began trying to get the Golden Eggwich and was able to draw it every day.
 Interested in Damon's method, Jaden challenges him, and gets him to promise to stop stealing the Eggwichs should he lose. Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Avian " in  Attack Position  and  Sets  a card. Damon Sets a card and Summons " Drawler ", whose  ATK  and  DEF  becomes equal to the number of cards Damon sends from his  hand  back to his  Deck . He sends four, making its ATK and DEF 2000. He attacks, destroying "Avian", which is sent to the bottom of Jaden's Deck rather than the  Graveyard  via "Drawler's" effect, since "Avian" was in Attack Position. Jaden plays " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster ", using its effect to halve its ATK and  attack Damon directly . Damon activates his face-down " Miracle Draw ", which allows him to guess what he will draw before he does so, and if he is correct, Jaden takes 1000 damage, but if he's wrong, he takes the damage. He calls " Card Loan " and draws. He is correct, so Jaden takes 1000 damage. He activates "Card Loan", which lets him draw a card by  paying  1000  LP  and having Jaden gain 1000. He draws and activates the  Spell Card  " Drawber ", which allows Damon to declare a card name: Jaden has to draw a card; and if the drawn card has the same name as the declared card, Jaden must return every card in his hand and  field  to his Deck. Damon guesses " De-Fusion ", and is correct, so Jaden's hand and Set card are returned to his Deck, while "Rampart Blaster" returns to the  Fusion Deck . Damon attacks directly with "Drawler", reducing Jaden to 1000 LP, and ends his turn.
 Jaden Summons " Wroughtweiler " in  Defense Position , and ends his turn. 
 Damon uses the effect of "Miracle Draw" and believes he'll draw " Shield Crush ", which would win him the Duel. However, he is incorrect and draws "Doron", so he loses 1000 LP. However, he still has an advantage. He destroys "Wroughtweiler" with "Drawler", which lets Jaden add "Burstinatrix" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. He then attacks directly with "Doron" to end his turn, reducing Jaden to 100 LP. 
 Jaden tells Damon to try to enjoy the Duel instead of obsessing over drawing so much and insists that no matter what, he won't always draw what he needs. Jaden draws and reveals "Avian", which had been returned to and shuffled into the Deck by "Drawler". He plays "Polymerization", fusing "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ", which attacks and destroys "Drawler". Its effect then activates, dealing damage to Damon equal to his destroyed monster's ATK, winning Jaden the Duel. 
 Jaden and Ms. Dorothy convince Damon to return to Duel Academy as a student, and to draw sandwiches. The next day, he and Jaden draw sandwiches, but neither are able to draw the Golden Eggwich as Alexis had beaten them there and had drawn it first.
 
 Featured Duels 
 
 These Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Damon vs. Obelisk Blue student 
 Duel already in progress.  Damon   controls  " Doron " in  Attack Position , while his opponent controls " Jinzo " in Attack Position.
 Damon's turn 
Damon  draws  " Fake Trap ".
 The rest of the Duel is not shown, but Damon loses.
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Damon 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
 Jaden   draws  " Elemental HERO Avian " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1000/1000) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Damon 
 Damon  draws. He then Sets a card and Normal Summons " Drawler " (?/?) in Attack Position. Since "Drawler" was Normal Summoned, Damon, through the effect of "Drawler",  shuffles  all the cards in his  hand  into his  Deck  to increase the  ATK  and  DEF  of "Drawler" by 500 for each card returned. Four cards are returned ("Drawler": ? → 2000/? → 2000). "Drawler"  attacks  and  destroys  "Avian" (Jaden: 4000 → 3000 LP). Since "Drawler" destroyed an Attack Position monster  by battle , its second  effect   activates ,  sending  the destroyed monster to the bottom of Jaden's Deck instead of the  Graveyard .
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in  Defense Position . Since "Rampart Blaster" is in  face-up  Defense Position, Jaden uses the effect of "Rampart Blaster" to let it attack  directly . However, its ATK is halved during  damage calculation  ("Rampart Blaster": 2000 → 1000 ATK). The attacks hits Damon (Damon: 4000 → 3000 LP). After damage calculation, the ATK of "Rampart Blaster" returns to its original value ("Rampart Blaster": 1000 → 2000 ATK). 
 During Jaden's  End Phase , Damon activates his  face-down  " Miracle Draw ". Now during each of Damon's  Draw Phases , he must  declare  a card name before he conducts his  normal draw . After he draws, he must  reveal  the card he drew. If Damon guessed correctly, Jaden will take 1000  damage . If Damon guessed wrong, he will take 1000 damage.
 Turn 4: Damon 
Damon declares he will draw " Card Loan ". He does so (Jaden: 3000 → 2000 LP). Damon activates "Card Loan" to pay 1000  LP  (Damon: 3000 → 2000 LP), increase Jaden's LP by 1000 (Jaden: 2000 → 3000 LP), and draw a card. On Damon's End Phase, he must place the drawn card at the bottom of his Deck. 
 Damon draws " Drawber " and subsequently activates it to declare " De-Fusion " as the next card Jaden will draw, while also forcing Jaden to draw a card. Jaden draws "De-Fusion". Since Damon was right, all cards on Jaden's side of the  field  and in his hand return to his Deck. "Drawler" attacks directly (Jaden: 3000 → 1000 LP). 
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Wroughtweiler " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1200) in Defense Position.
 Turn 6: Damon 
Damon declares he will draw " Shield Crush ". He draws " Doron " (Damon: 2000 → 1000 LP). Damon Normal Summons "Doron" (900/500) in Attack Position. "Drawler" attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". Since "Wroughtweiler" was destroyed, its effect activates, allowing Jaden to  add  "Burstinatrix" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. "Doron" then attacks directly (Jaden: 1000 → 100 LP).
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws "Avian". He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. "Flame Wingman" attacks and destroys "Drawler". (Damon: 1000 → 900 LP). Since "Flame Wingman" destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its effect activates, inflicting damage to Damon equal to his destroyed monster's ATK (Damon: 900 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub, Jaden explains the story of the  Golden Eggwich  and expresses dislike for every other sandwich contained in the packets, with Syrus agreeing with him. In the Japanese version,  Sho  narrates this section, and neither student expresses dislike for any type of sandwich. The timeframe since the last sandwich was obtained by Jaden is five weeks in the dub, but only ten days in the Japanese version. 
 In the Japanese version,  Asuka  arrives at the shop, and when asked if she likes the Golden Eggwich, denies it. In the dub, Jaden asks her if she took the sandwich so they could have lunch together. 
 In the English dub, while Jaden, Syrus, Chumley and Alexis are staking out, the word "Joker" is removed from the Joker playing card in the scene in which Jaden is guessing at playing cards. 
 The Monster in the Joker is " Saggi the Dark Clown ". 
 In the original,  Tome  brought the gang a snack of onigiri that were filled with either apricot, dried fish cracker, or salmon. In the dub, they were pastries that were filled with either strawberry, lemon, or chocolate. Also, in the original, Judai stated that he wanted salmon, and Hayato said that he did as well. In the dub, Jaden said that he wanted strawberry, and Chumley said that he wanted whichever kind is closest to grilled cheese. 
 During Damon's training montage, some of the cards are  changed . 
 Errors 
 In the dub, when Jaden destroys Damon's "Drawler" with his "Flame Wingman", he erroneously states that Damon will take half the ATK of a monster destroyed by Flame Wingman as damage, when he should've said he would take the monster's full ATK as damage instead. (Regardless, Damon had a low-enough LP count such that either situation would have caused him to lose.) 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 
 Damon Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Doron 
 Effect Monsters 
 Drawler Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Loan 
 Drawber 
 Shield Crush 
 Traps 
 Miracle Draw 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Doron 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jinzo Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Fake Trap 
 
 Training cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gogiga Gagagigo 
 Metal Armored Bug 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Warrior Dai Grepher 
 Effect Monsters 
 Giant Orc 
 Giant Rat 
 Goblin King 
 Half Goblin 
 Mad Sword Beast  x2 
 Marauding Captain 
 Perfect Machine King 
 Ultimate Obedient Fiend 
 Victory Dragon 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Union monsters 
 Second Goblin  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion  x2 
 Earthquake 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed  x2 
 Spark Blaster 
 The Shallow Grave 
 The Warrior Returning Alive  x2 
 Traps 
 Reinforcements  x2 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Series017.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121101164536', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes