Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Clear


 
 Clear 
 クリアー  ( Kuriā ) 
 
 
 
 
 Yusuke Fujiwara  with " Clear Rage Golem " and " Clear Phantom ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 German 
 Frei 
 
 
 Italian 
 Chiaro 
 
 
 Korean 
 클리어   Keullieo   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Claro 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Stardust Overdrive Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Limited Edition 15 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.5 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Clear " (クリアー  Kuriā ) is an  archetype  of cards that were introduced in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  that were used by  Yusuke Fujiwara  under the possession of  Nightshroud .
In the anime, "Clear" monsters use the advantage of not having an  Attribute  while they are  face-up  on the  field , especially while " Clear World " is activated, giving a negative effect to a player who  controls  a monster with an Attribute. 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 , "Clear" monsters allow users to use "Clear World" without being affected by it at all, apart from its  LP   cost . This allows more freedom than the anime counterparts in terms of using monsters, but the real "Clear World" is a little more forgiving with its negative effects.
 "Clear World" and " Clear Vice Dragon " have been released in  Limited Edition 15 , making them the first members of the archetype released in the  OCG . They are now released in the  TCG  in the pack  Stardust Overdrive  as secret rares. However, "Clear Vice Dragon" is still treated as a  DARK  monster on the field, making it vulnerable to Attribute-specific effects other than "Clear World".
 One weakness you can use in the  Tag Force 3  is using " Lava Golem " to  Summon  it to their side of the field, thus causing them to lose 2000 Life Points each  turn . Another weakness to the "Clear" monsters is " DNA Transplant ", which can be used to turn all the monsters into one specific Attribute and thus using the effect of "Clear World" against both players.
 
   
" Clear " 「クリアー」 Members 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 Clear World 
 
 v e 
" Clear " 「クリアー」 a   Members 
 Clear Cube Clear Phantom Clear Rage Golem Clear Robe Clear Sacrifice Clear Vice Dragon Clear Vicious Knight Clear Wall Clear World 
 Support 
 Clear Sacrifice Clear Wall 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Clears.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120607135700']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Anime and manga only archetypes