Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mist_Valley


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Mist Valley 
 霞の谷 「 ミスト・バレー 」  ( Misuto Barē ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Shrine of Mist Valley " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 霞之谷 
 
 
 French 
 Vallée de Brume 
 
 
 German 
 Nebeltal 
 
 
 Italian 
 Valle delle Nebbie 
 
 
 Korean 
 안개 골짜기   An-gae Goljjagi   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Vale das Névoas 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Valle Brumoso 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Storm of Ragnarok Hidden Arsenal Hidden Arsenal 2 Order of Chaos 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal 1 Duel Terminal 2 Dragunity Legion Structure Deck Battle Pack 3: Monster League Gold Series 3 Astral Pack One The Secret Forces Shadows in Valhalla Ghosts From the Past Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Synchro Awakening!! Duel Terminal - Invasion of Worms!! Duel Terminal - Justice Strikes Back!! Duel Terminal - Demon Roar God Revival!! Tournament Pack 2010 Vol.2 Structure Deck: Dragunity Drive Duelist Box 2012 Duel Terminal Chronicle 1 - Chapter of Awakening Duel Terminal Chronicle 2 - Chapter of Chaos Tournament Pack 2020 Vol.4 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 X-Saber: Special Edition Premium Pack Vol.12 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Mist Valley " ( 霞の谷   Misuto Barē ) is an  archetype  of  WIND   monsters  whose effects involve returning cards to their owner's  hand . Many of them have their own effect(s) triggered when they are returned to the hand themselves, or involve returning one's own cards to the hand as a  cost  for triggering their effects. They were released to the  TCG  through  Hidden Arsenal .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Duel Terminal Storyline 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   Valley Synchro 
 2.2   Avian Lock Down 
 2.3   Black Valley 
 
 
 3   Useful Cards 
 4   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Duel Terminal Storyline 
 "Mist Valley" is one of the four most influential tribes of the Duel Terminal alongside " Ice Barrier ", " X-Saber ", and " Flamvell ". During the " Worm " invasion, the four tribes created the  Ally of Justice  to repel off the Worms attacks. Later, the other three tribes started to change their vision, from destroying the  Worms  to capturing them and using them as a power source to empower the Ally of Justice armies. Disagreeing with this, the Mist Valley tribe left the other tribes and started to fight with their own power. Unfortunately, the Worms got the upper hand from the standing-alone Mist Valley tribe, which lacked the army and power to face the Worms. They later aligned themselves with the legendary  Dragunity  tribe who inhabited the  ravine  next to them. Both tribes started working together to repel the Worms. The Mist Valley tribe later vanished due to the rampaging  Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier  who was desperately released by the  Ice Barrier  tribe as a last resort to end the chaos in the Duel Terminal World, however,  their descendants  emerges and inhabit the Mist Valley region, while defending the land from various intruders.
 
 Playing style 
 In particular, the only "Mist Valley" Synchro Monster, " Mist Valley Thunder Lord ", is a very powerful and versatile monster in terms of its ATK and effect. By returning one card on your field to your hand, this monster's ATK increases by 500 to 3100, the highest ATK among common Synchro Monsters. Cards best to return include activated Continuous Spell or Trap cards like " Call of the Haunted ", as well as used Effect Monsters. Also when combined with the " Blackwing " archetype, " Dark Simorgh " becomes very playable, not to mention the addition of the Draw cards; " Allure of Darkness " and " Hand Destruction " become more available. This archetype also has swarm capacity thanks to cards like " Divine Wind of Mist Valley "(Limited), " Reborn Tengu "(Semi-Limited) and " Genex Ally Birdman "(Limited). " Harpie Dancer " can also be a big support to this Archetype.
 
 Valley Synchro 
 This type of the deck relies on swarming speed via the combination of " Divine Wind of Mist Valley " and " Mist Valley Thunderbird ". This is done through the effect of "Thunderbird" who is automatically summoned after bounced to hand, followed by the summon of " Mist Condor " or " Genex Ally Birdman " from the hand. This will trigger the field effect while keeping "Thunderbird" due to its effect. Via the Field Spell's effect it's easy to search a " Reborn Tengu " from the Deck to perform a Synchro or Xyz Summon, Summoning another "Tengu" while keeping your hand size stable. In order to quickly set up your combos, some cards like  Flying Kamakiri #1  or  Swallow's Nest  can be used to deploy Thunderbird to your field quickly. Hand modifiers, such as " Magical Mallet ", " Terraforming ", or " Reload " are highly recommended, with the first and last examples also being useful for returning cards that are less useful when they're in your hand (such as " Reborn Tengu "). You can also use " Pot of Duality ", with the risk of delaying one turn for your combo to run.  Mist Valley Falcon  and  Mist Valley Soldier  are other great cards that can help stalling until you get the cards that you need. With the release of  Gusto  archetype in  Hidden Arsenal 5: Steelswarm Invasion , this type of deck can be more consistent as the Gustos can provide some sturdy defensive line in case the combo doesn't run smoothly.
 With the January 2014 banlist, this build has lost alot of speed with " Divine Wind of Mist Valley " limited, " Genex Ally Birdman " Limited and " Reborn Tengu " Semi-Limited
 
 Avian Lock Down 
 This deck focuses on using the  Lockdown  effect of " Mist Valley Apex Avian " with the effect of " Mist Valley Thunderbird ", which Special Summons itself when returned to the hand. Apex Avian is the harder-to-summon monster, but the deck can employ cards such as " Tribute Doll ", " Cost Down ", or monsters that Special Summon themselves, such as " Genex Ally Birdman " or " Cyber Dragon ". You can also Special Summon Apex Avian with cards like " Monster Reborn ".
 The only way for an opponent to stop the Lockdown would either be to destroy either monster by battle, use  Counter Trap Cards , or use multiple effects on a chain: if the targeted Mist Valley monster is no longer on the field when Apex Avian's effect resolves, the opponent's card will not be negated, and thus running out of Mist Valley cards during the Chain will result in the loss of Apex Avian's effect. To protect your monsters from being destroyed by battle, use cards that can prevent this in some way, such as " Book of Moon ", " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", " Waboku ", or " Mirror Force ", or destroy the monster before it can attack with cards like " Bottomless Trap Hole " or " Solemn Judgment ". " Royal Decree " or " Seven Tools of the Bandit : can be used to stop Counter Trap Cards, but the former will stop all of your Trap cards as well, and " Dark Simorgh " can prevent them from being Set in the first place. A variety of cards will also be needed to stop your opponent from utilizing multiple effects on a Chain, depending on which cards they use: " Divine Wrath " can stop Monster Effects like " Stardust Dragon " or " Effect Veiler ", while cards like " Dark Bribe " and " Solemn Judgment " can stop Spell or Trap Effects.
 With the release of  Order of Chaos , this type of deck can become more competitive, since it's now possible to merge some  Ninja  cards to strengthen this deck, mainly  Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo  which can easily search for  Ninjitsu Art of Transformation . Set the trap immediately and activate it during your opponent's  Draw Phase , summoning Apex Avian from your deck. 
 NOTE: Remember that  Divine Wind of Mist Valley  and  Shrine of Mist Valley  are also counted as Mist Valley cards that Apex Avian can bounce in order to activate its effect. These field cards can be searched easily with  Terraforming  and if your opponent tries to destroy them you can bounce them instead. It's now better to use those cards than Thunderbird who is vulnerable to attacks.
 
 Black Valley 
 Black Valley Decks combine Mist Valley and  Blackwing  monsters. The Deck uses " Future Visions ", " Anti-Spell Fragrance ", and " Dark Simorgh " to force your opponent into a turn by turn lockdown where they can't set. Also, any monsters they Normal Summon will be banished the turn they are Normal Summoned, thanks to Future Visions. Due to the fact that many Mist Valley cards return cards back to the hand, you can use this to your advantage and return " Future Visions " to your hand to keep your opponent's monsters from returning to their side of the field. Mist Valley and Blackwings have many good Tuners, such as " Mist Valley Soldier "  and " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind ", which makes this Deck very Synchro-friendly. Most Mist Valley and all  Blackwing  monsters are  Winged Beast - Type  monsters so " Icarus Attack " is a good support card. Another card that could help this Deck is " Begone, Knave! ", because many Mist Valley monsters (such as " Mist Valley Falcon ", " Mist Valley Thunder Lord ", and " Mist Valley Executor ) can avoid this effect by returning it to your hand and you can reset it during your Main Phase 2. " Mist Valley Thunderbird " returns to your field when it is sent back to your hand can avoid it completely. " Mist Valley Apex Avian " can send another Mist Valley on your side of the field to your hand to negate its effect and keep it from returning to your hand. Many  Blackwing  monsters can Special Summon themselves from your hand to the field so they are not very affected either. The trump card of this Deck is " Dark Simorgh ". However, keep in mind that " Royal Oppression " can negate " Dark Simorgh 's" Special Summon, so use the Mist Valley monsters to return cards to your hand on your turn to avoid this problem. However, this is no longer a problem in tournament play, as  Royal Oppression  is now banned.
 
 Useful Cards 
 " Flying Kamakiri 1 ": This card is useful for searching out " Mist Valley Thunderbird ", one of the deck's most important cards, and " Mist Valley Shaman ", a useful tuner. It also helps block attacks. 
 " Delta Flyer ": Although this card is not part of the Mist Valley archetype, it can still benefit from many of the archetype's cards that support  WIND  monsters - " Mist Valley Divine Wind " and " Flying Kamakiri 1 " (if you choose to use it) both count. Its level-boosting effect can help with Synchro summons too. 
 " Genex Ally Birdman ": This card was practically  made  to work with Mist Valley. It's easy to summon, and triggers the effects of Thunderbird and Divine Wind, with the cost of being a one-use card. Due to the September 2013 list, this card is now limited to 1. Use wisely. 
 " Reborn Tengu ": Replaces itself when it leaves the field. Works well when you return it to the hand by a card's effect, triggering "Divine Wind of Mist Valley" and it's own effect, special summoning another "Reborn Tengu" and a level 4 or lower wind monster from the deck. Thanks to " Fire Formation - Tenki ", this card is more easier to get to the hand. 
 " Swords of Revealing Light ", " Big Bang Shot ": use in conjunction with  Mist Valley Falcon 's or  Mist Valley Thunder Lord 's effect. Equip  Big Bang Shot  to your opponent's face-up monster card to banish it while returning this spell to your hand. 
 " Terraforming ": Considering how well Mist Valley can use the free special summons from "Divine Wind of Mist Valley". Due to the January 2014 list limiting "Divine Wind of Mist Valley", this card is more needed in the deck. 
 " Begone, Knave! ": This card is quite good in Mist Valley. It makes your opponent wary of attacking, but can work in your favor with "Mist Valley Thunderbird" and "Divine Wind". It's also particularly good with "Flying Kamakiri 1", as you can attack a high-ATK monster with the Kamakiri, destroying your monster and special summoning another from your deck. Meanwhile, because your opponent's monster dealt battle damage, it is returned to their hand! Finally, when you don't want to be hampered by this trap card, you can easily return it to your hand with "Mist Valley Falcon" and "Mist Valley Thunderlord". 
 " Compulsory Evacuation Device ": You can return your own monster to your hand, triggering an effect - or return a difficult monster of your opponent's. The Evacuation Device is very versatile. 
 " Dragunity Darkspear ": Revives your "Mist Valley Falcon"s and is searchable with "Divine Wind", usually a better alternative to "Mist Valley Shaman". 
 " Penguin Soldier ": Allows you to bounce your opponent's monsters and can also be used on your own Mist Valley monsters as well. Can also be used as Synchro material for " Dewloren, Tiger King of the Ice Barrier ." 
 " Quill Pen of Gulldos ": Allows you to put any 2 Mist Valley monsters back into your deck from your Graveyard, as well as bounce either your cards or your opponent's. 
 " Summoner Monk " : Most Mist Valley decks tend to run a large number of Spell Cards, so this card can make use of the extra copies of "Divine Wind" and "Terraforming" in order to Special summon Mist valley Soldier, which leads to Level 8 Synchros or a level 4 Xyz. 
 " Safe Zone ": Keep Safe Zone face down and either use it to protect your own monsters in a pinch, or attach it to your opponent's big monsters and return it to your hand with Mist Valley Falcon or Mist Valley Thunder Lord to immediately destroy their monster and recycle Safe Zone for later. 
 " Spring of Rebirth ": Since you're going to be bouncing a lot of monsters, this card could help with a Life Point income. Maybe with  Begone, Knave!  you can get back Life Points after a battle so the loss isn't that big. 
 " Battlestorm ": This is a Dark attribute card, so it mixes in well with certain variants; it also gains attack through having Winged Beasts and can destroy  potentially annoying Spell or Trap cards that your opponent might have. 
 " Instant Fusion ": You can use this card to bring out fusion monsters from your extra deck to use as fodder for tribute, synchro or xyz summonings. Can help maintain plays more easier. 
 " Harpie Dancer ": The main card to use with "Divine Wind of Mist Valley". It can return any wind monster you control, including herself, to the hand to normal summon a wind monster, then triggering Divine Wind to special summon any level 4 or lower wind monster from your deck. 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 Mist Valley Baby Roc 
 Mist Valley Falcon 
 Mist Valley Shaman 
 Mist Valley Thunderbird 
 Mist Valley Soldier 
 Mist Condor 
 Genex Ally Birdman 
 Genex Blastfan 
 Harpie Dancer 
 Lady Ninja Yae 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo 
 Reborn Tengu 
 Upstart Golden Ninja 
 Winged Rhynos Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Kaminari Attack 
 Mavelus 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Mist Wurm 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Vindikite R-Genex 
 Vortex the Whirlwind 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Phoenix 
 Lightning Chidori 
 Totem Bird 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Greatfly 
 Proxy Dragon 
 Security Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mist Valley Divine Wind 
 Big Bang Shot  (with "Falcon" or "Thunder Lord") 
 Instant Fusion  (optional) 
 Quill Pen of Gulldos 
 Swallow's Nest 
 Swords of Concealing Light  /  Swords of Revealing Light 
 Terraforming 
 Traps 
 Begone, Knave! 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Icarus Attack 
 Moon Dance Ritual 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation 
 Relieve Monster 
 Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi 
 Starlight Road 
 Weaknesses 
 This archetype does not have any swarming power outside of " Divine Wind of Mist Valley " (especially now that it is limited), therefore anti Field Spell support such as " Mystical Space Typhoon " and " Dust Tornado " can do well against them. " Effect Veiler " is surprisingly dangerous, allowing your opponent to ruin your play at any moment, such as when using " Arcanite Magician " and " Ancient Fairy Dragon ". " Torrential Tribute " can also give the almost same result.
 For Apex Avian hybrid, it is important to Summon " Mist Valley Apex Avian " as soon as possible. While " Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo " can make this easier, " Thunder King Rai-Oh " can be a nuisance if you don't have him early enough, as Hanzo cannot search " Ninjitsu Art of Transformation " while it is present on the Field. Any monster that have more than 2700 ATK and can be Summoned instantly (such as " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning ") can also problematic if you don't have any battle-protection for your Apex Avian.
 " Gravity Bind ", " Level Limit - Area B ", " Messenger of Peace " and any other attack-prevention cards can also (partially) hinder your strategy as " Mist Valley Falcon " cannot return cards if it is unable to attack. However, " Mist Valley Thunder Lord " can still activate its effect without attacking.
 While there are exceptions, several "Mist Valley" monsters have rather low  ATK ; cards such as " Milus Radiant " and " Poisonous Winds " only make this more of an issue.
 
   
" Mist Valley " 「 霞の谷 」 Members 
 Mist Valley Apex Avian Mist Valley Baby Roc Mist Valley Executor Mist Valley Falcon Mist Valley Shaman Mist Valley Soldier Mist Valley Thunder Lord Mist Valley Thunderbird Mist Valley Watcher Mist Valley Windmaster 
 Divine Wind of Mist Valley Shrine of Mist Valley 
 Support 
 Mist Condor Mist Valley Apex Avian Mist Valley Thunder Lord 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Clausolas Evilswarm Thunderbird Mist Bird Clausolas Mist Wurm Nekroz of Clausolas Roc from the Valley of Haze 
 
 v e 
 Mist Valley   霞の谷 a   Members 
 Mist Valley Falcon Shrine of Mist Valley 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Clausolas Mist Bird Clausolas Mist Wurm 
 
 v e 
 Mist Valley   霞の谷 m   Members 
 Mist Bird Clausolas Mist Valley Apex Avian 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/07/ShrineofMistValley-DG-EN-VG-Field.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160904190048']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)