Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_050


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 050 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 過去からの挑戦　戦慄のゼラ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kako kara no Chōsen Senritsu no Zera 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Challenge from the Past - The Terrifying Zera 
 
 
 English 
 The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 050 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 10, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 16, 2002 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " S H U F F L E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " The Afternoon of that Day  あの日の午後" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme  (airing on TV) Season Two theme  (on DVD)" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Hiromichi Matano 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hiromichi Matano 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yasuhide Maruyama 
 
 
 Art director 
 Mitsuharu Miyamae 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 International 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dungeon Dice Monsters, Part 4 " 
 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 ", known as " Challenge from the Past - The Terrifying Zera " in the Japanese version, is the fiftieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is the  season 2  premiere, as well as the first episode in the  Battle City  arc. It first aired in Japan on April 10, 2001, and in the United States on November 16, 2002.
 An arcane fortune teller steals the  Millennium Puzzle  and  Yugi  must defeat him in a Duel to win it back. Can Yugi beat him all alone without the help of his friends or the spirit inside the Puzzle?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yugi Muto vs. "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Mistakes 
 6   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 It's the morning of the  school  soccer game,  Téa  arrives at the Game Shop to meet and walk to school with  Yugi , she greets Yugi's  Grandpa  who calls upstairs to his grandson whose getting ready for school alerting him that Téa has arrived. Whilst preparing his things for school, Yugi exchanges his former brown rope for a chain in order to keep his  Millennium Puzzle  as safe as possible, as thus far it has been proven that nearly everyone is trying to get their hands on it, most recently  Pegasus  and  Yami Bakura . In conversation, with  Yami , the latter says that the chain is vital since the Millennium Puzzle connects two, he also states that he senses that fate has more in store for them though he is unaware of what specifically lies ahead for the two heroes. Yugi vows to his spirit friend that the two are in it together no matter what. Yugi then goes downstairs and outside to greet Téa and the two bid his grandfather goodbye and rush off to walk to school, already late and close to missing the game.  
 Whilst walking to school, Téa and Yugi come across a hidden hooded figure who identifies himself as a fortune teller, who offers to reveal Yugi's future to him. Interested to know the fate of himself and the pharaoh, Yugi approaches the stranger, Téa alerts Yugi to hurry up as she doesn't want to miss the soccer game. As Yugi approaches, the stranger notices the Millennium Puzzle around the latter's neck and claims that he can only reveal one's future by holding a personal item and suggests Yugi's Millennium Puzzle which he identifies as a "necklace" as a cover up his awareness of the  Millennium Items . Though first hesitant, Yugi reluctantly hands over his Millennium Puzzle showing that he's desperate to discover what lies ahead for him and his spirit friend, even though Téa warned him that handing his Millennium Puzzle over to a stranger may be a bad idea, which is later proven to be true when the mysterious unidentified man steals the item and runs off with it as soon as Yugi's hands it over. Yugi runs after the thief, while Téa takes the over direction to attempt to cut the latter off around the other side. Yugi looses track of the thief but comes across an alleyway with arrows signifying a direction for one to follow. Yugi realises that the thief clearly wants Yugi to follow him, although it is obvious that he is being led into a trap, Yugi follows regardless with no choice in the matter as it is the only way to get back his puzzle and avoid losing the spirit of the latter in the process.  
 Téa has made it to the other side but there is no sign of the thief of Yugi's Millennium Puzzle or Yugi himself, she runs into  Bakura  who is still under control of the evil spirit of the  Millennium Ring , after  Tristan's  failed attempt to free him from that control by throwing the ring away back at  Duelist Kingdom . Téa tells Bakura about the situation, Bakura encourages Téa to keep searching whilst claiming that he will go and find help. After Téa runs back off thanking Bakura, the evil spirit of the ring takes control, presumably angry with someone else for stealing the Millennium Puzzle which he desires along with all seven of the Millennium Items, two of which he owns already - his own item, the Millennium Ring and Pegasus' Millennium Eye which he stole from the latter back at Duelist Kingdom -, he then proceeds with his mission of finding and stealing the Millennium Puzzle, and heads off to find Yugi and the thief, using the power of his Millennium Ring to compass his way. He later finds himself in the alleyway of arrows which he switches round whilst proceeding through to confuse Téa, Tristan and Joey, who he knows will eventually come looking for Yugi, thus preventing them from finding their friend and interfering with Yami Bakura's plans.    
 Yugi, meanwhile, still confused on why the thief wants him to follow him, has made it to the last arrow which leads him into a shack where he reencounters the thief and duelling arena inside. The thief explains that in order to win back the puzzle Yugi will have to duel him and the winner will keep the item. The thief explains that merely stealing the puzzle won't grant him the power he desires and to gain the rightful control over the item's power he must win it from him in a duel (hence leading Yugi to the duel arena at the shack). Yugi refuses to duel at first, saying that he shouldn't have to duel for his puzzle as it is his, but is reluctant to accept the challenge as its the only way to win back his puzzle which is currently in the possession of a thief, chained to Yugi's duel table. Yugi is forced to duel alone, as the puzzle is not within Yugi's reach, thus weakening his bond with Yami Yugi and preventing them from connecting with each other (in the Japanese version, the thief staged the Duel so Yami Yugi would take over to protect Yugi, giving the thief  victory over the pharaoh as well as possession of the Puzzle. However, Yami Yugi senses the trap and holds back). For once Yugi is duelling at high states alone, without the spirit to guide him and his friends to cheer him on. 
 The duel begins, Yugi takes the first turn with  Celtic Guardian  in  Attack Mode , while his thief sets a monster, which Yugi then attacks, and in doing plays into his opponent's hands, activating the  flip effect  of his  face down ,  Cyber Jar  destroying Yugi's Celtic Guardian and itself and forcing each play to draw five cards and summon any Level 4 monsters they draw, Yugi only draws one which he plays face down in  defence position ; meaning his opponent had cleverly tricked him and in turn forcing him to  discard  and waste four cards, due to exceeding the  hand size limit . When the thief plays two  machine  monsters  Mechanicalchaser  and  Ground Attacker Bugroth , Yugi realises the identify of the player he is up against; the only player he knows with a deck of machine monsters,  Bandit Keith . Yugi addresses the latter by his name, who then removes his hood revealing himself and confirming the truth of Yugi's predictions. Yugi is confused on why Bandit Keith would track him down to steal his puzzle, as he recalls the last time he saw Keith, at the Duelist Kingdom final, during the latter's duel with Joey which he lost and in turn got ejected from the island by Pegasus on account of cheating. The former then speaks confirming not to be Bandit Keith and in fact  someone else  who is possessing and controlling Keith and speaking through him by means of another  Millennium item . The stranger then explains that following Keith's ejection from the island, he and his followers traveling via boat at sea rescued the latter from drowning and took control over him. The duel continues as Keith builds up a strong attack force with  Machine King  which gains 100 attack points for every machine monster on the field, including itself. Keith maintains his advantage in the duel destroying Yugi's defenses with Machine King and building up his attack force to increase the mechanical menace's attack points even more. 
 Meanwhile, Téa has headed to school to chase up Tristan and Joey, the three friends head off to search for and help Yugi. Whilst on the way out they are confronted by the soccer  coach , who questions them on their reasons for checking out early when volunteering to help with soccer game. Tristan lies saying Téa's cat is sick and needs to be taken to the vet; Téa in response fakes crying begging the coach to let them go, hinting that her fictional cat may be dying. Convinced and touched, coach lets them go.  
 Back at the duel, Yugi fights back with  Gaia the Dragon Champion  destroying Mechanicalchaser and decreasing both Keith's life points and Machine King's attack points. Keith counters on his next turn with  Machine Conversion Factory  powering up Machine King making it stronger than Yugi's Dragon Champion and allowing it to destroy the latter. After drawing  Summoned Skull , Yugi realises how to overcome Keith's machine monsters and activates  Makiu, the Magical Mist  to rust Keith's machines and destroy Machine King with Summoned Skull's electricity means of attack. Meanwhile, Yugi's friends have traced up Yugi's steps in the alleyway where they find the arrows all mixed up, confusing them on which way to go.   
 Despite being under control, Keith is still using the same cheating tactics he used during his duel with Joey back at Duelist Kingdom - hiding rare cards under his sleeves and sneaking them into his hand, which he does after activating  Graceful Charity , allowing him to draw three cards from his deck and discard two in exchange, in which he illegally sneaked three cards (two of which were two rare cards;  Zera Ritual  and  Zera the Mant ) from under his sleeve on the top of his deck before drawing through the effect of Graceful Charity (hinting that the stranger was probably aware of Keith's classic cheating method and decided to use it to his advantage against his opponents). Keith then summons his greatest monster Zera the Mant through the Zera Ritual  magic card  and puts an end to Yugi's Summoned Skull.  
 Yami Bakura has finally chased up Yugi and the thief of the Millennium Puzzle, arriving outside the shack of where the duel is taking place. While Yugi's friends, Téa, Joey and Tristan are lost and confused by the mixed up arrow signs and unaware of where to go.   
 
 Featured Duel: Yugi Muto vs. "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Turn 1: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Celtic Guardian " (1400/1200) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 2: Keith 
 Keith  draws. He then  Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 3: Yugi 
Yugi draws. "Celtic Guardian"  attacks  and destroys  Keith's   Set   monster , " Cyber Jar " (900/900). The  Flip effect  of "Cyber Jar" activates, destroying every  monster  on the  field . After that happens, the Flip Effect of "Cyber Jar" lets both Yugi and Keith excavate the top five cards from their respective decks and Special Summon any Level 4 or lower monsters them drew in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position before adding the remaining cards to their respective hand.  Yugi   Sets  a monster while  Keith   Special Summons  " Mechanicalchaser " (1850/800) and " Ground Attacker Bugroth " (1500/1000) in  Attack Position . On Yugi's End Phase, he discards four cards due to exceeding the  hand size limit .
 Turn 4: Keith 
 Keith  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Machine King " (2200/2000) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Machine King", it gains 100  ATK  for each  Machine - Type   monster  on the  field . There are currently three ("Machine King": 2200 → 2500/2000). "Machine King"  attacks  and  destroys   Yugi 's  Set   monster , " Silver Fang " (1200/800). On Keith's End Phase, he discards two cards due to exceeding the hand size limit.
 Turn 5: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 6: Keith 
 Keith  draws " Megasonic Eye " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1800) in  Attack Position  ("Machine King": 2500 → 2600/2000). "Machine King"  attacks  and  destroys   Yugi's   Set   monster , " Giant Soldier of Stone " (1300/2000).
 Turn 7: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws " Curse of Dragon " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2000/1500) in Attack Position. Yugi then Normal Summons " Gaia The Fierce Knight " (2300/2100) in Attack Position. He then  activates  " Polymerization " to fuse "Curse of Dragon" with "Gaia The Fierce Knight" and  Fusion Summon  " Gaia the Dragon Champion " (2600/2100) in  Attack Position . "Gaia the Dragon Champion"  attacks  and  destroys  "Mechanicalchaser" ( Keith  2000 → 1250) ("Machine King": 2600 → 2500/2000).
 Turn 8: Keith 
 Keith  draws. He then switches "Megasonic Eye" and "Ground Attacker Bugroth" to  Defense Position . Keith then  activates  " Machine Conversion Factory " to increase the  ATK  and  DEF  of every  Machine - Type   monster  he  controls  by 300 ("Machine King": 2500 → 2800/2000 → 2300; "Ground Attacker Bugroth": 1500 → 1800/1000 → 1300; "Megasonic Eye": 1500 → 1800/1800 → 2100). " Machine King "  attacks  and  destroys  "Gaia the Dragon Champion" ( Yugi  2000 → 1800).
 Turn 9: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws " Summoned Skull ". He then  activates  " Makiu, the Magical Mist " to decrease the ATK and DEF every  Machine - Type   monster  by 300 ("Machine King": 2800 → 2500/2300 → 2000; "Ground Attacker Bugroth": 1800 → 1500/1300 → 1000; "Megasonic Eye": 1800 → 1500/2100 → 1800). He then  Normal Summons  "Summoned Skull" (2500/1200) in Attack Position. "Summoned Skull" then gains 750 ATK due to the effect of "Makiu, the Magical Mist" ("Summoned Skull": 2500 → 3250/1200). "Summoned Skull"  attacks  and  destroys  "Machine King" ( Keith  1250 → 500). On Yugi's End Phase, the effect of "Makiu" expires ("Summoned Skull": 3250 → 2500/1200).
 Turn 10: Keith 
 Keith  draws " Graceful Charity " and subsequently activates it to  draw  three cards and  discard  two cards (he illegally placed three cards on top of his Deck right before drawing through the effect of "Graceful Charity"). Keith then  activates  " Zera Ritual " to Tribute "Ground Attacker Bugroth" and "Megasonic Eye" in order to  Ritual Summon  " Zera the Mant " (2800/2300) in  Attack Position . "Zera the Mant"  attacks  and  destroys  "Summoned Skull" ( Yugi Muto  1800 → 1500).
 Duel concludes next episode . 
 
 Trivia 
 Yugi switches out the rope necklace on the puzzle for a stronger chain, fearing for its safety. 
 Bandit Keith never appeared again in the original manga; this episode was used to help with plot holes that the Dungeon Dice Monsters episodes left behind, as it didn’t exactly follow the manga. 
 Differences in adaptations 
       " Summoned Skull " being destroyed by " Zera the Mant " in the original version and the dub.     
 Cut from the beginning of the episode are scenes of Yugi's  mother . 
 All the writing on Domino City is erased from the dub. 
 " Zera the Mant " slicing off the arms and wings of " Summoned Skull " are obscured in the dub. 
 The gun is removed from the flashback. 
 When re-aired in the 2010s, this season was titled  Rulers of the Duel 
 In the dub, Marik (whose name wasn't revealed at this point) tries to force Yugi to hand over the Millennium Puzzle. In the original Japanese version, Marik tries to force Yugi to reveal Yami Yugi's presence. 
 The original Japanese version had Yugi and Yami discussing their looks when Yugi put a chain around the Millennium Puzzle. 
 Yugi and Tea going to school was changed to going to a soccer game in the dub. 
 The original Japanese excuse that Yugi was dying was changed to a kitty being sick. 
 Mistakes 
 After " Cyber Jar " is played face-down, it is seen face-up from behind Keith. 
 In the dub, Keith refers to "Cyber Jar" as a  Machine  monster, when in fact it's a  Rock  monster. 
 In the Japanese, Megasonic Eye is shown as a Level 4 monster when it's actually Level 5. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Giant Soldier of Stone 
 Silver Fang 
 Summoned Skull Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Makiu, the Magical Mist 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ground Attacker Bugroth 
 Mechanicalchaser 
 Megasonic Eye 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Jar 
 Machine King 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Zera the Mant Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Graceful Charity 
 Machine Conversion Factory 
 Zera Ritual 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Slot Machine 
 Effect Monsters 
 Harpie Lady Sisters 
 Harpie's Pet Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Black Luster Soldier Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 7 Completed  x3 
 Dragon Nails 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " #051 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " #052 " The Past is Present " #053 " Steppin' Out " #054 " Obelisk the Tormentor " #055 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " #056 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 1 " #057 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " #058 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " #059 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " #060 " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " #061 " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " #062 " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " #063 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 1 " #064 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 2 " #065 " Mime Control, Part 1 " #066 " Mime Control, Part 2 " #067 " Mime Control, Part 3 " #068 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 1 " #069 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 2 " #070 " Double Duel, Part 1 " #071 " Double Duel, Part 2 " #072 " Double Duel, Part 3 " #073 " Double Duel, Part 4 " #074 " The Rescue " #075 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " #076 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 2 " #077 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 3 " #078 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 4 " #079 " Shadow of a Duel " #080 " Lights, Camera, Duel " #081 " Let the Finals Begin! " #082 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " #083 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " #084 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " #085 " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " #086 " Awakening of Evil, Part 1 " #087 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " #088 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " #089 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " #090 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 1 " #091 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 2 " #092 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 3 " #093 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " #094 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " #095 " The Tomb-Keeper's Secret " #096 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " #097 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Yugioh_episode_50.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126165305', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/DubEdit2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20121230202732']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes