Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_096


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 096 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 相対性 フィールド！ 十代 ＶＳ 天才 博士 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sōtaisei Fīrudo! Jūdai Bāsasu Tensai Hakase 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Relativity Field! Judai VS The Genius Doctor 
 
 
 English 
 It's All Relative 
 
 
 Number 
 096 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 2, 2006 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 12, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kyoung Soo Lee 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Elemental Hero Glow Neos|]] 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Tough Love " 
 " The Dark Light " 
 
 
 
 
 "It's All Relative" , known as  "Relativity Field! Judai VS The Genius Doctor"  in Japan, is the ninety-sixth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It aired in Japan on August 2, 2006, and in the United States on February 12, 2007.
 Jaden Yuki  faces off against  Dr. Eisenstein , another of  Sartorius 's enforcers, in a Duel that tests his luck against his opponent's logic.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Dr. Eisenstein 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Bastion Misawa , upset that no one is respecting him after he joined the  Society of Light , and that his logical knowledge keeps failing him, gets reinspired when he meets  Dr. Eisenstein , a famous Dueling astrophysicist, hired by  Sartorius  and  Prince Ojin  to  Duel   Jaden Yuki  and reobtain his  satellite key . Eisenstein quickly falls backward into a crevasse, but Bastion doesn't see it, causing him to believe Eisenstein was just a vision, and he runs off excited.
 Meanwhile,  Syrus Truesdale  is in the hospital, recovering from his Duel with his brother  Zane , when he and Jaden hear an announcement over the P.A. system that Jaden has to take a physics pop quiz. Being the test-hater that he is, Jaden is reluctant to go through with it. Three students, including  Tyranno Hassleberry , enter to escort Jaden to the classroom.
 However, the "announcement" was merely a recording of  Dr. Crowler 's voice, played back over the P.A. system by Prince Ojin. And when Jaden enters the classroom, he discovers that he is alone, until Dr. Eisenstein appears on the stage before him. Bastion is also tucked away behind a desk, out of Jaden's sight, and overhears that they will Duel. He thinks Jaden doesn't stand a chance. However, Dr. Eisenstein spots him, and thinks to himself that he can help him rediscover the principles of scientific Dueling.
 Dr. Eisenstein uses his logical Dueling knowledge to overpower Jaden, balancing the power of his  monsters ,  Spells  and  Traps  to deal significant  damage  to Jaden. But Jaden, who believes that he'll keep drawing the cards he needs, manages to come out on top with a strong counterattack. Upon defeat, Eisenstein is convinced that faith in chance can help win a Duel.
 With Hassleberry and Crowler waiting outside watching, Jaden is happy to report that he passed his pop quiz. Then Crowler reminds him that no one is giving classes or tests while the  Genex Tournament  is still in progress. Jaden realizes that he was tricked into Dueling Eisenstein.
 Bastion, however, is still inspired by Eisenstein's Dueling, so he strips and runs after him, wanting to become his apprentice. He finds him, but this time it's Eisenstein whose faith in logic has been destroyed. Bastion refuses to give up, looking up into the sky, then back to Eisenstein. But once again, he's gone, convincing Bastion that he really was a vision, when in reality, he simply fell off his cliff onto a small rock.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Dr. Eisenstein 
 Turn 1: Eisenstein 
Eisenstein draws " Relativity Field " and subsequently activates it. Now, when a player's  Life Points  decrease, all monsters that player controls will lose  ATK  equal to the amount of Life Points that player lost.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to fuse  Elemental Heroes  " Avian " with " Burstinatrix " and  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden  Special Summoned  a monster, Eisenstein activates the effect of " Singularity Fiend " to send the latter and " A Feather of the Phoenix " from his hand to the Graveyard, negate the Special Summon of "Flame Wingman", and destroy the latter. Jaden's hand contains " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh ", " A Hero Emerges ", and " Elemental Hero Neos ". Jaden then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 3: Eisenstein 
Eisenstein draws. He then activates " Schrödinger's Cat ". Now if Eisenstein  draws a card(s) , except during his  Draw Phase  or by the effect of "Schrödinger's Cat", he can shuffle those card(s) into his Deck and draw the same number of cards he returned to his Deck. Eisenstein then activates " Pot of Greed " to draw two cards. Eisenstein then activates the effect of "Schrödinger's Cat" to shuffle the two cards he just drew into his Deck and draw two new cards. Eisenstein then Sets a card ("Draw Paradox") and Normal Summons " Laplace the Fiend Mathematician " (1000/1000) in  Attack Position . 
 "Laplace the Fiend Mathematician" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down "A Hero Emerges" to make Eisenstein select one card in his hand. If the selected card is a monster. Jaden can Special Summon that monster. Jaden has only one card in his hand and he reveals it to be "Elemental Hero Neos", so Jaden Special Summons "Neos" (2500/2000) in Attack Position. A  replay  occurs and Eisenstein chooses not to attack. 
 Eisenstein then Sets a card. He then activates " Dimensionhole " to remove "Laplace the Fiend Mathematician" from play until his next Standby Phase. Since "Laplace" was removed from the field, its effect activates, inflicting 300 damage to Jaden for each card on the field. There are currently six (Jaden 4000 → 2200). The effect of "Relativity Field" activates ("Neos": 2500 → 700/2000). Eisenstein then activates his face-down " Dark Hole " to destroy all monsters on the field.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Before Jaden can conduct his Draw Phase, Eisenstein activates his face-down " Draw Paradox ". Now both players can't conduct a normal draw during their Draw Phase. During each player's Draw Phase, their opponent will draw one card. Due to the effect of "Draw Paradox", Eisenstein draws a card. Jaden passes his turn.
 Turn 5: Eisenstein 
Due to the effect of "Draw Paradox", Jaden draws a card. On Eisenstein's  Standby Phase , "Laplace the Fiend Mathematician" is returned to the field (1000/1000) in Attack Position. Eisenstein then activates " Battle Constant " to remove from play "Laplace", "Schrödinger's Cat", and "Draw Paradox" and Special Summon " Brain Dragon " (2800/2300) in Attack Position. The effect of Laplace" activates and there were four cards on the field (Jaden 2200 → 1000). 
 "Brain Dragon" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down "The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh" to  Special Summon  " Winged Kuriboh " (300/200) in  Defense Position . A  replay  occurs, and Eisenstein uses "Brain Dragon" to attack and destroy "Winged Kuriboh".
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden summoned "Bubbleman" while he had no cards on his side of the field, its second effect activates, allowing Jaden to draw two cards (" Neo-Spacian Glow Moss " and "Hero Dice"). [Notes 1] 
 Jaden's hand contains "Hero Dice", "Glow Moss", and " Bubble Blaster ". Jaden then activates "Bubble Blaster", equipping it to "Bubbleman" and increasing its ATK by 800 ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1600/1200). Jaden then activates " Hero Dice " to target "Bubbleman" for its effect and roll a die. Depending on the result, an appropriate effect will be applied. Jaden gets a six, so "Bubbleman" can attack directly this turn. "Bubbleman" attacks directly (Eisenstein 4000 → 2400). The effect of "Relativity Field" activates ("Brain Dragon": 2800 → 1200/2300).
 Turn 7: Eisenstein 
Eisenstein draws " Non-Fusion Area ". He then uses the effect of "Brain Dragon" to draw two cards (" Double Spell " and " Mystical Space Typhoon ") and place two cards in his hand on top of his Deck in the order he chooses; Eisenstein places "Double Spell" as the second card on top of his Deck and "Non-Fusion Area" as the first card on top of his Deck. Eisenstein intends to use "Non-Fusion Area" after Jaden's next turn. 
 Eisenstein then activates "Mystical Space Typhoon" to destroy "Bubble Blaster" ("Bubbleman": 1600 → 800/1200). "Brain Dragon" attacks and destroys "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" (Jaden 1000 → 600).
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws " O - Oversoul ". He then Normal Summons "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" (300/900) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates "O - Oversoul" to Special Summon Elemental Hero Neos" from his Graveyard (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then Contact Fuses "Neos" with "Glow Moss" in order to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Glow Neos " (2500/2000) in  Attack Position . 
 Jaden then activates the effect of "Glow Neos" to destroy one card on Eisenstein's side of the field and apply an appropriate effect based on the destroyed card's type; Jaden chooses to destroy "Relativity Field", so "Glow Neos" can attack directly this turn. "Glow Neos" attacks directly (Eisenstein 2400 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The English dub edits out a pair of striped boxers that appear when Bastion strips before running after Eisenstein. In addition to this, the dub gives Bastion a pair of white briefs to censor his nudity. 
 In the original, Daichi doesn't recognize Zweinstein until the latter duels Judai, and briefly believes that Zweinstein is God when he suddenly disappeared after first meeting with him. In the English dub, Bastion recognizes Eisenstein from the start. 
 Trivia 
 Misawa's stripping, at the end of the episode, may be a reference to the famed, ancient Greek, mathematician, Archimedes, of Syracuse. Archimedes is credited with having invented a method for determining the volume of an object with an irregular shape. Archimedes is said to have discovered the method while taking a bath and, in his excitement, took to the streets naked having forgotten to dress. [1] 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Dr. Eisenstein Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Brain Dragon 
 Laplace the Fiend Mathematician 
 Singularity Fiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Feather of the Phoenix [Notes 2] 
 Battle Constant 
 Dark Hole 
 Dimensionhole 
 Double Spell [Notes 2] 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Relativity Field 
 Schrödinger's Cat 
 Traps 
 Draw Paradox 
 Non-Fusion Area [Notes 2] 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 Elemental Hero Glow Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Hero Dice 
 O - Oversoul 
 Polymerization 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the TCG/OCG, this effect of " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " can only  resolve  when it is the only card in the player's  hand  and on his/her side of the  field  when he is Summoned. 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   This card was seen in Dr. Eisenstein's hand. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 2 episodes 
 #053 " Back to Duel " #054 " Champion or Chazz-Been? " #055 " A Hassleberry Hounding " #056 " Sad But Truesdale " #057 " The Demon " #058 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 1 " #059 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 2 " #060 " Pop Goes the Duel " #061 " I've Seen the Light " #062 " A Greater Porpoise " #063 " Curry Worries " #064 " Camaraderie Contest " #065 " No Pain, No Game " #066 " Going Bananas " #067 " Homecoming Duel, Part 1 " #068 " Homecoming Duel, Part 2 " #069 " Dormitory Demolition " #070 " Obelisk White? " #071 " Duel Fellas " #072 " Not Playing With a Full Deck " #073 " Source of Strength " #074 " Happily Never After " #075 " Taken by Storm, Part 1 " #076 " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " #077 " J-Dawg and T-Bone " #078 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 1 " #079 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 2 " #080 " What a Doll! " #081 " Let's Make A Duel! " #082 " Magnetic Personality " #083 " Schooling the Master " #084 " Generation Next " #085 " Rah, Rah, Ra! " #086 " The Art of the Duel " #087 " Blinded by the Light, Part 1 " #088 " Blinded by the Light, Part 2 " #089 " The Darkness Within " #090 " Pro-Dueling " #091 " Don't Fear the Reaper " #092 " Duel for Hire " #093 " Heart of Ice, Part 1 " #094 " Heart of Ice, Part 2 " #095 " Tough Love " #096 " It's All Relative " #097 " The Dark Light " #098 " Ultimate Destiny " #099 " The Key Factor " #100 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 1 " #101 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 2 " #102 " The Hands of Justice, Part 1 " #103 " The Hands of Justice, Part 2 " #104 " Future Changes " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Series096.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120723034257']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes