Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_058


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 058 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 エスパー絽場　サイキックデッキの恐怖 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Esupā Roba Saikikku Dekki no Kyōfu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Esper Roba - Terror of the Psychic Deck 
 
 
 English 
 Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 058 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 5, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 25, 2003 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " S H U F F L E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " The Afternoon of that Day  あの日の午後" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Season Two theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasuhiro Minami 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoyuki Kuzuya 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidetsugu Hirayama 
 
 
 Art director 
 Mitsuharu Miyamae 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " 
 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 ", known as " Esper Roba - Terror of the Psychic Deck " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It first aired in Japan on June 5, 2001, and in the United States on January 25, 2003.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Rex Raptor vs. Espa Roba 
 2.2   Joey Wheeler vs. Espa Roba, Part 1 
 
 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Errors 
 6   Featured cards 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 It is day two of the  Battle City  Tournament and  Joey Wheeler  is still looking for an opponent to fight his first  Duel  with. 
 
       Rex Raptor loses to Espa Roba.     
 Wanting to find a worthy opponent to defeat, he arrives just in time to watch  Espa Roba , a  Duelist  claiming to have psychic powers, defeat  Rex Raptor . As per the  Battle City Rules , Rex had to give up his " Serpent Night Dragon " to Espa as it was his rarest card. Espa, knowing Joey was the runner-up in  Duelist Kingdom , challenges him to a Duel and Joey accepts. 
 In the hospital,  Tristan  visits  Serenity  and brings a laptop with him, so he can watch the Duel online and tell Serenity how it is going. However, he has trouble figuring out how to make the computer work and has to get a nurse to help him. 
 The Duel does not start off very well for Joey, as he still does not know some of the Battle City rules (including  Tributes ) and is intimidated by Espa's psychic powers. 
 Yugi  is watching the Duel from a rooftop and sees Espa's brothers spying on Joey's cards, revealing that Espa is actually cheating. Yugi decides to just watch and let the Duel take its course. 
 When Joey draws, Espa's brothers see the card and tells their brother it appears to be another "Graceful Dice". Espa, using his "psychic powers", then claims this to Joey. Joey however sees that something is up as the card he drew was "Skull Dice". Joey decides that this is his chance to turn the Duel around in his favor. Joey sets two cards and summons "Swordsman of Landstar".
 Espa, assuming that Joey has two set "Graceful Dice" decides that won't matter for his next move. Espa summons "The Fiend Megacyber" and uses it to attack "Swordsman of Landstar", but Joey activates " Skull Dice " and " Graceful Dice " when Espa thought he had 2 "Graceful Dice" set. This allows Joey to surprise Espa and make a comeback. 
 At this point, Joey points out to Espa that due to how he held his cards, Espa knew he had two "Dice" cards, but he couldn't tell which ones. Joey then states this means that Espa is cheating and someone is telling him what cards are in his hand. Espa becomes shocked he figured that out. Rex realizes that Espa must have used the same cheating method on him too. Espa's brothers realize they're busted for sure. Yugi congratulates Joey on his efforts as he is now in control of the Duel.
 Mokuba  soon finds out about the cheating, dashes in and tackles the wicked accomplice up on the roof. He threatens to expel Espa from  Battle City , but the brothers talk him out of it after telling him their sad story about being orphans and having no one but Espa to protect and care for them.
 Mokuba, having been in a similar situation, is convinced to let the Duel continue as long as they stop cheating. His decision is also influenced from seeing Yami Yugi watching the Duel from a different roof during his conversation and thinking that Yugi would give them a second chance as well. He stands by to be sure they don't start doing it again.
 Joey appears to have regained control of the duel, bringing Espa's  Life Points  down to 1440. However, Espa  activates  " Mind Control " to take control of Joey's " Swordsman of Landstar ".  
 He then Tributes it to  Summon  " Jinzo ", which makes all  Trap Cards  useless, putting Joey in a tight spot.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Rex Raptor vs. Espa Roba 
 Duel  is already in progress. Espa controls " Jinzo " (2400/1500) in Attack Position while Rex controls "Serpent Night Dragon" (2350/2400) in Attack Position. Espa Roba has just activated " Mesmeric Control " to negate the attack of " Serpent Night Dragon " and reduce its ATK by 800 ("Serpent Night Dragon": 2350 → 1550/2400).
 Turn ?: Espa Roba 
"Jinzo"  attacks  and  destroys  "Serpent Night Dragon" ( Rex  50 → 0).
 
 Joey Wheeler vs. Espa Roba, Part 1 
 Turn 1: Joey 
Joey's opening hand shows "Swordsman of Landstar", "Skull Dice", " Battle Warrior ", "Giltia the D. Knight", and " Flame Swordsman ". Joey attempts to  Normal Summon  " Giltia the D. Knight " in  Attack Position . However, since the  Summoning Conditions  in  Battle City  are different than those in  Duelist Kingdom , a Level 5 or higher  monster  requires at least 1  tribute . Since this is an illegal move, "Giltia the D. Knight" is  removed from play .
 Turn 2: Espa 
Espa draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Cyber Raider " (1400/1000) in  Attack Position . "Cyber Raider"  attacks  directly ( Joey  4000 → 2600).
 Turn 3: Joey 
Joey draws "Graceful Dice". Joey's hand contains "Swordsman of Landstar", "Graceful Dice", "Skull Dice", "Battle Warrior", and "Flame Swordsman". Joey  Normal Summons  " Swordsman of Landstar " (500/1200) in Attack Position and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 4: Espa 
Espa draws. He then  Tributes  "Cyber Raider" to  Tribute Summon  " The Fiend Megacyber " (2200/1200) in  Attack Position . 
 "The Fiend Megacyber"  attacks  "Swordsman of Landstar", but  Joey   activates  his face-down " Graceful Dice " to roll a die and multiply the ATK of "Swordsman of Landstar" by the result. Joey gets a three ("Swordsman of Landstar": 500 → 1500/1200). Joey then activates his face-down " Skull Dice " to roll a die and divide the ATK of "The Fiend Megacyber" by the result. Joey gets a five ("The Fiend Megacyber": 2200 → 440/1200). "Swordsman of Landstar" destroys "The Fiend Megacyber" ( Espa  4000 → 2940). 
 At this point,  Joey  points out that  Espa Roba  was cheating and  Commissioner Mokuba  catches  Espa Roba 's brothers helping him. Mokuba is about to expel Espa from the Duel and Battle City, but Espa's brothers explain to Mokuba why they were doing this and after a little argument, Mokuba decides not to cancel the Duel. Espa  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Alligator's Sword " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in Attack Position. "Alligator's Sword"  attacks  directly ( Espa  2940 → 1440). "Swordsman of Landstar" then  attacks  directly, but  Espa   activates  his face-down " Mind Control " to take  control  of "Swordsman of Landstar".
 Turn 6: Espa 
Espa draws. He then passes.
 Turn 7: Joey 
 Joey  draws. He then  Sets  " Chasm of Spikes ".
 Turn 8: Espa 
Espa draws " Jinzo ". He then  Tributes  "Swordsman of Landstar" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Jinzo" (2400/1500) in  Attack Position . Due to the effect of "Jinzo",  Joey 's  Set  "Chasm of Spikes" is destroyed. While  Jinzo  is on the  field , its  effect  prevents the  activation  of  Trap Cards  and no Trap Cards can be Set either.
 Duel continues next episode. 
 
 Trivia 
 Rex's most Rare card after losing " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " was " Serpent Night Dragon ". Oddly, these are not  Dinosaur  monsters; in Rex's last full Duel of the series, he also plays " Tyrant Dragon " as his ace card.
 In  Episode 11 , Rex states that he won "Serpent Night Dragon" from the Finals of the Regional Tournament in  Episode 2 , which would also explain why it's so rare. As for "Tyrant Dragon", it's likely he took the card from  Dartz 's lair later on in the series when he (Dartz) offered him the choice of cards, thinking he could work a good strategy around it. 
 Roba is the first Duelist to have any kind of psychic themed Deck, years before the actually  Psychic  type monsters were created. 
 Roba's claim that only one copy of  Graceful Dice  can be used per turn is not included in the original manga; there, his reasoning that Jonouchi cannot use more than one is due to a condition on Graceful Dice that states it can only be used on monsters with 500 ATK or lower. If Jonouchi did indeed have more than one copy set, any result over 1 would cause  Swordsman of Landstar  to have too high a Score for a second one to be used. 
 In the original manga version, Turn 8 of the duel - where Jinzo is summoned - consists of Espa using  "Brain Control"  to take control of Jonouchi's "Alligator's Sword" and use both to Tribute Summon Jinzo, (which in this version is a Level 7 monster) and then make a direct attack on Jonouchi with it. 
 Differences in adaptations 
 A close-up of Honda with a big sweat-drop on his forehead is cut out from the dub. 
 Cut from the dub, Joey thinks about Yugi, saying that he doesn't know the future but he knows that somewhere in the city someone is waiting for him. He has to keep going until he finds him. 
 In the dub, Joey's first hand of cards includes a " Graceful Dice ", although that becomes an error and changes to a " Skull Dice " when he draws another "Graceful Dice". However, in the original, his first cards have the correct "Skull Dice" instead. Also, "Skull Dice" is, correctly, a Trap card in the dub, but is, mistakenly, a Magic card in the Japanese. "Flame Swordsman" is also, correctly, given a purple background (Fusion) in the dub. 
 Several Japanese words on billboards are painted over in the English Dubbing. You can see this clearly when Espa falls to his knees after Joey destroys " The Fiend Megacyber ", as the paint goes over Espa's hand. 
 Errors 
 When Joey draws his first cards, he has " Graceful Dice " in his hand. However, when Espa Roba's younger brothers see that Joey draws a "Graceful Dice", the first one in his hand has changed to " Skull Dice ". 
 Joey has " Battle Warrior " and " Flame Swordsman " in his hand, however in the next episode, one of those two cards are replaced with " Time Wizard ". 
 When Espa Roba states that the top card in Joey's hand is the "Swordsman of Landstar", all five of Joey's first cards are back in his hand, which also causes " Giltia the D. Knight" to not be on his Duel Disk, even though this was an illegal move. 
 Although the monster could not be Summoned, "Giltia the D. Knight" should still have been seen on Joey's Duel Disk until Espa Roba attacked him, just like it was shown on Tristan's laptop, but "Giltia the D. Knight" is not seen on his Duel Disk after Roba's statement about Joey's top card. However, after Cyber Raider directly attacks Joey, "Giltia the D. Knight" incorrectly reappears on his Duel Disk for a few moments as he falls down, but finally disappears as he stands up. 
 In both versions, when Cyber Raider is Summoned, its DEF is shown incorrectly. 
 When Cyber Raider directly attacks Joey, for a few moments in the close-up both his Duel Disk is not on his left arm and he is not holding any cards. As Joey is seen falling on his rear, his Duel Disk is back with " Giltia the D. Knight" incorrectly on it, but he  still is not holding any cards. 
 After Joey destroys "Fiend Megacyber" with "Swordsman Of Landstar" and Espa Roba screams before falling to the ground, there is a brief frame where his hand can be seen behind the green art of a sign in the background.         In this episode, Joey didn't know about Tribute Summoning, but in a  previous episode , he performed a Tribute Summon against  Seeker , creating a small continuity error.
 It's possible that his excitement got the best of him during this duel, whereas he was more focused during his duel with Seeker so he could go see  Serenity . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword 
 Battle Warrior [Notes 1] 
 Flame Swordsman [Notes 1] [Notes 2] 
 Giltia the D. Knight [Notes 2] 
 Swordsman of Landstar Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Graceful Dice 
 Skull Dice [Notes 3] 
 Traps 
 Chasm of Spikes 
 
 Espa Roba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Raider [Notes 4] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jinzo 
 The Fiend Megacyber Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Mesmeric Control 
 Traps 
 Mind Control [Notes 5] 
 
 Rex Raptor Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Serpent Night Dragon 
 
 Computer's screen Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword 
 Cyber Raider [Notes 4] 
 Giltia the D. Knight [Notes 2] 
 Swordsman of Landstar 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in Joey's  hand . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   This was played as a  Normal Monster . It is a  Fusion Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This was played as a  Magic Card . It is an  Trap Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   This was played as a  Normal Monster . It is an  Effect Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This was played as a  Trap Card . It is a  Magic Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " #051 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " #052 " The Past is Present " #053 " Steppin' Out " #054 " Obelisk the Tormentor " #055 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " #056 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 1 " #057 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " #058 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " #059 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " #060 " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " #061 " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " #062 " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " #063 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 1 " #064 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 2 " #065 " Mime Control, Part 1 " #066 " Mime Control, Part 2 " #067 " Mime Control, Part 3 " #068 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 1 " #069 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 2 " #070 " Double Duel, Part 1 " #071 " Double Duel, Part 2 " #072 " Double Duel, Part 3 " #073 " Double Duel, Part 4 " #074 " The Rescue " #075 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " #076 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 2 " #077 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 3 " #078 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 4 " #079 " Shadow of a Duel " #080 " Lights, Camera, Duel " #081 " Let the Finals Begin! " #082 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " #083 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " #084 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " #085 " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " #086 " Awakening of Evil, Part 1 " #087 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " #088 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " #089 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " #090 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 1 " #091 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 2 " #092 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 3 " #093 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " #094 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " #095 " The Tomb-Keeper's Secret " #096 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " #097 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Yugioh_episode_58.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126172514', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/YGO_58_-_Rex_beaten_by_Espa_Roba.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090301045546', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Espduelisterror.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/188?cb=20191213070914']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes