Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dracoverlord


 
 Dracoverlord 
 竜魔王 「 りゅうまおう 」  ( Ryūmaō ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Lector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Dragon Demon King 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Dracosseigneur Translation:  Dracolord 
 
 
 German 
 Drachoberherr 
 
 
 Italian 
 Dracosovrano Translation:  Dracosovereign 
 
 
 Korean 
 용마왕 龍魔王   (Hanja)   Yongmawang   (romanized) Translation:  Dragon Demon King 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Dracosuserano Translation:  Dracosuzerain 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Dracoseñor Translation:  Dracolord 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Shining Victories 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 OTS Tournament Pack 15 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Dracoverlord " ( 竜 魔 王   Ryūmaou ) is an  archetype  of  Dragon   Pendulum Monsters . While the monsters debuted in  Dimension of Chaos , it was not until  Breakers of Shadow  that they received  support .
 
 Lore 
 " Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord " conquered an entire world using his army of Dracofiends, doing so with Dragon Alchemy to convert all life into  his terrible minions . At some point after this, " Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer " lost all of his memories and was cursed to have powers similar to the Dracofiends. Believing Dragon Alchemy to hold the key to breaking his curse and unlocking his memories, the Dracoslayer continued his journey and resolved to fight the evils of the Dracoverlord. Eventually, "Luster Pendulum" gained power from his comrades and trans     formed into " Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer ". After turning into this form,
master went to the Dracoverlord's castle to battle him. Vector summons his strongest dragons to challenge Master Pendulum. Master defeats it and before the Draco's battle, Vector uses the remains of his fallen dragon to trans     form himself into   Lector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord .
 
 
 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
   
" Dracoverlord " 「 竜 魔 王 」 Members 
 Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord Lector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord 
 Support 
 Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord Master Peace, the True Dracoslayer 
 Draco Face-Off Dragonic Pendulum Forge of the True Dracos 
 Related 
 Amorphage Goliath Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer 
 Amorphous Persona 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/60/DracoverlordArchetype.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160124164354']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s), Stubs