Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_3D_Bonds_Beyond_Time


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time
 
 
 
 Japanese name
 
 
 １０ｔｈ アニバーサリー  劇場版   遊 ☆ 戯 ☆ 王  ～ 超融合 ! 時空 を 越 えた 絆 ～
 
 
 
 Rōmaji name
 
 
 Tensu Anivāsarī Gekijōban Yū☆Gi☆Ō ~Chō Yūgō! Toki o Koeta Kizuna~
 
 
 
 English name  (Asia) 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Super Fusion! Bonds That Transcend Time
 
 
 
 Genre
 
 
 Adventure, Gaming
 
 
 
 Release dates
 
 
  January 23, 2010 
  February 26, 2011 [1] 
  May 14, 2011 [2] 
  June 27, 2019 
 
 
 Running time
 
 
 50 minutes (original run) 
 60 minutes (February 2011 release) [1] 
 
 
 Story by
 
 
 Kazuki Takahashi [3] 
 
 
 
 Director
 
 
 Kenichi Takeshita [3] 
 
 
 
 Supervision
 
 
 Katsumi Ono [3] 
 
 
 
 Screenwriter
 
 
 Shin Yoshida [3] 
 
 
 
 Character design
 
 
 Takahiro Kagami [3] 
 
 
 
 Art director
 
 
 Junichi Higashi [3] 
 
 
 
 Animation director
 
 
 Takahiro Kagami [3] 
 Yumenosuke Tokuda 
 Kazuyuki Kobayashi 
 Kenichi Hara 
 Katsuyuki Takahashi 
 Takaaki Wada 
 Shuji Maruyama 
 
 
 Photography director
 
 
 Hiroaki Edamitsu [3] 
 
 
 
 Sound director
 
 
 Takuya Hiramitsu [3] 
 
 
 
 Animation
 
 
 Studio Gallop [3] 
 
 
 
 Production
 
 
 Nihon Ad Systems [3] 
 
 
 
 Producers
 
 
 Nihon Ad Systems [3] 
 TV Tokyo [3] 
 4Kids Entertainment 
 
 
 Music
 
 
 jealkb [4] 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , known in Japan as  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Super Fusion! Bonds That Transcend Time  is a 3D film, starring the three protagonists of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's :  Yugi Muto ,  Jaden Yuki , and  Yusei Fudo . The movie was produced in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Continuity and Placement 
 2   Summary 
 
 2.1   Apocalyptic future 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  present 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  present 
 2.4   Yu-Gi-Oh!  present 
 2.5   The Duel 
 
 
 3   Featured Duels 
 
 3.1   Yusei Fudo vs. Paradox 
 3.2   Yami Yugi, Jaden Yuki and Yusei Fudo vs. Paradox 
 
 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 4.1   Turbo Duel 
 4.2   Ground Duel 
 4.3   Flashbacks 
 4.4   Dub introduction 
 4.5   Other 
 
 
 5   Cast 
 6   Production 
 
 6.1   Development 
 6.2   Music 
 
 
 7   Marketing 
 
 7.1   Screenings 
 7.2   Home media 
 7.3   Merchandise 
 
 
 8   Reception 
 9   Trivia 
 10   Errors 
 11   Notes 
 12   References 
 13   External links 
 
 
 Continuity and Placement 
 For Yusei: This movie is canon to the anime series, taking place before the events of the  Crash Town  arc in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , as well as  Paradox  being revealed to have been sent by  Z-one . [5] [6]  The movie is also shown to take place after  episode 82  of 5D's, as  Bruno  (whom Yusei did not meet until episode 80, which happens with immediate succession of episodes 81-82) was shown as one of the people Yusei was thinking about near the end of the Duel with Paradox. 
 For Jaden: From Jaden's perspective, he appears to take place after his graduation at Duel Academy as well as his duel with Yugi from the past. 
 For Yugi: Yugi already having his Duel Disk implies he takes place after the Battle City event. Yugi seems to indicate to meet Jaden for the first time here, which contradicts the last episodes of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, as Yugi shows to have met Jaden for the first time there as well, and thus Yugi should remember Jaden through one of these events. However, it is likely that the last episodes of Yu-Gi-Oh! GX portray the original, unaltered timeline, prior to Paradox's actions. Therefore when Paradox's altered timeline is erased, so are most of Yugi's memories of the film's events as he was originally taken from that timeline, thus placing Yugi sometime before his duel eventual with Jaden as well as the Waking the Dragons arc. 
 Summary 
 Apocalyptic future 
 In the future, human civilization had been destroyed. One of the few survivors,  Paradox , travels back in time to prevent the destruction of his timeline from occurring by eliminating the source of that destruction;  Duel Monsters  and its creator,  Maximillion Pegasus .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  present 
 Yusei Fudo  has a nightmare about the  Zero Reverse  incident that his  father  created. With Yusei upset,  Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan  decide to have a  Turbo Duel  to cheer Yusei up. After driving down the highway,  Paradox , who traveled back in Yusei's time, challenges Yusei to a Turbo Duel. After a few turns, Yusei tunes " Junk Synchro " with " Junk Warrior " and Synchro Summons " Stardust Dragon ", but Paradox reveals a  blank card  and launches a beam at "Stardust Dragon", absorbing it and creating a blackened corrupt card of it into the blank card. Yusei confronts Paradox, who shows him the corrupt card, before vanishing through time again. Yusei, Jack and Crow halt their  Duel Runners  and look in bewilderment at the original "Stardust Dragon" card, whose illustration has just been blanked.
 Yusei, Jack and Crow then start questioning Paradox's identity at their garage, when  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo  and  Luna  arrive and show the archives they found about the past. They found an old article about  Maximillion Pegasus  and  Yugi Muto , with Yusei recognizing Yugi as a legendary duelist. Even Jack admits Yugi is a legend, despite his goofy haircut. However, the trip then reveals an article about "Stardust Dragon" assaulting various duelists in  Europe . Knowing that "Stardust Dragon" could not have existed in that era, Yusei zooms in on the article's picture to discover Paradox standing in the background of the dragons. Suddenly, the sky darkens and  New Domino City  begins to crumble and collapse. 
 
         Their signer marks begin to Glow.     
 Having watched one-too-many movies, Jack deduces that if something is changed in the past, the future is supposed to change. Yusei then remembers that Paradox gloating about how their era and time would soon be coming to an end.
 The  Signers  marks begin to glow as the complete Crimson Dragon appears on Yusei's back. Yusei's Duel Runner begins glowing with the Crimson Dragon's power. He decides to ride, telling the dragon that he'll go wherever he takes him so long as it gives him a chance to stop Paradox.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  present 
         The consequences of Paradox's actions.             Jaden  and  Yusei  talking.     
 In Venice, Paradox finds  Jaden Yuki , who still has the powers of  Yubel  and  The Supreme King . Paradox attacks him with " Cyber End Dragon " and " Rainbow Dragon ". Jaden manages to resist by Summoning " Elemental HERO Neos " to protect him. In response, Paradox Summons "Stardust Dragon", a monster from the future, and proceeds to overwhelm Jaden. (This scene is how the movie opens before changing to Yusei's nightmare of Zero Reverse). Stardust Dragon's first attack almost destroys Neos and sends the two skidding backwards into a wall.
 As Paradox commands Stardust Dragon to attack Jaden again, Yusei appears with the Crimson Dragon, who takes the blows for Jaden. Paradox disappears once again.
 Soon, Yusei and Jaden began to chat on a roof. Seeing Yusei's Duel Runner, Jaden gets excited seeing such a technology, asking Yusei if that is his 'Bike' ( Duel Runner ) of the future. He then explains that he came here because he heard that there were cards missing from his classmates. Yusei explains to Jaden that Paradox is trying to change the past. Jaden then uses his laptop to find an article about the event that Paradox caused that would create a major historical event. (In the English version, Jaden did not believe Yusei, which is why he opened his laptop and discovered that truth.) Jaden then checks his card, as his "Elemental HERO Neos" card turns into a blank card. As the country began to collapse, Yusei tells Jaden that they must hurry to save the world.
 Yusei and Jaden then ride Yusei's Duel Runner, with the Crimson Dragon taking both of them even further back in time.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  present 
 Meanwhile, in Yugi's timeline, sometime after Battle City but before the  Waking the Dragons  arc, Maximillion Pegasus is currently holding a tournament. The  Sakiyomi Jan Bang!  makes a cameo as the MC of the event. Yugi and his grandfather,  Solomon Muto , notice "Stardust Dragon", "Cyber End Dragon" and "Rainbow Dragon" in the sky. Paradox then attacks the crowd with "Cyber End Dragon" and "Stardust Dragon", killing almost everyone, including Pegasus and Solomon.
 
         Pegasus about to get crushed by a falling building.     
 Amongst the ruins, Yugi is the only survivor against Paradox's attack. He stands up and searches for other survivors. He finds a bandanna belonging to Solomon and cries over his death. He then sees Paradox laughing on top of a building, happy that he finally completed his mission. At that moment a crack in the space appears and the Crimson Dragon suddenly "swallows" Yugi. Then, Yugi is thrown back in time at the same place half an hour earlier. Yusei and Jaden find Yugi and explain to him what they know about Paradox. Yugi agrees to fight with them against Paradox to free the trapped monsters and save the world.
 At the event, Jaden Summons  Yubel  and starts to scare the audience so they would flee. By doing so, Yugi hopes the future is safe as Jaden regains his "Elemental HERO Neos" card. However, Paradox arrives regardless to the shock of the heroes. After Paradox takes his mask off and introduces himself, Yugi asks Paradox what kind of person he is. Paradox replies that he is from a future which was destroyed by Duel Monsters. He intends to destroy the game of Duel Monsters to prevent that future from happening. Yusei tries to tell Paradox that by changing time and trying to destroy Duel Monsters, he will also erase people from the timeline as well, to which Paradox replies that such sacrifices are insignificant in his grand experiment. Yusei, Yugi and Jaden challenge Paradox to a 3 on 1 Duel, with a time limit of 20 minutes, before Pegasus arrives at the event and the other dimensions crumble to pieces.  Paradox 's  Duel Runner  transforms into a flying type and he floats up high. Jaden's eyes change color as Yubel appears behind him. Yusei's  Mark of the Dragon  glows as the  Crimson Dragon  roars behind him. The two Duel Kings say their catchphrases and then Yami says to Yugi that the Duel against Paradox would be the toughest and Yugi responds by saying that they should rise to the challenge. Yugi transforms into Yami and says his catchphrase. The three activate their Duel Disks and the Duel begins. On a building overlooking the duel, Banner tells Pharaoh to wish the three luck. 
 
 The Duel 
         Yugi, Yusei and Jaden stand up to  Paradox .     
         Yugi, Yusei and Jaden activate their  Duel Disks .     
 Paradox declares the first move. He activates " Malefic World " that lets him put a random " Malefic " monster from his Deck to his hand instead of  drawing  a card during his  Draw Phase . The field begins transforming into a purple atmosphere full of stars. Then, he  sends  " Cyber End Dragon " from his  Extra Deck  to the  Graveyard  to  Special Summon  " Malefic Cyber End Dragon " from his hand. He sets a card to end his turn. By this time, Yugi, Jaden and Yusei come to the realization why Paradox has been stealing monsters: He's using them to Summon the "Malefic" monsters, as Yugi understands that by destroying a monster's good version, Paradox can Summon their dark version.
 Yusei tells everybody that despite them never fighting together before, they must work together to defeat Paradox, as Yugi & Jaden agree. Yugi then asks Yusei to take the first turn for his team.
 Yusei activates " Reincarnation of Hope ", which sends " Sonic Chick " and " Quillbolt Hedgehog " from his hand to the  Graveyard ; but on their team's second  Standby Phase , they are allowed to add a monster from their  Deck  to their  hand . Yusei then Summons " Junk Synchron " and due to its effect, he also Summons "Sonic Chick" back on his field. He then activates the effect of "Quillbolt Hedgehog" to Summon it back to his field. He then uses the 3 monsters to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Gardna " in Defense Position. Yugi becomes surprised by the concept of Synchro Summoning, as Jaden is just as confused by Yusei's Synchro card, but praises Yusei's play and shows his interest in the future cards. Yusei  Sets  2 cards to end his turn.
 Paradox adds " Malefic Rainbow Dragon " to his hand due to the effect of "Malefic World". He then sends " Rainbow Dragon " from his  Deck  to the Graveyard to  Special Summon  " Malefic Rainbow Dragon " from his hand. Jaden then becomes angry since Paradox is using  Jesse 's card. Paradox attacks "Junk Gardna" with "Malefic Rainbow Dragon", but Yusei activates the effect of "Junk Gardna" that switches "Malefic Rainbow Dragon" to  Defense Position , thus stopping the attack. Paradox then attacks "Junk Gardna" with "Malefic Cyber End Dragon", this time destroying it and inflicting  Piercing  Damage to the trio's  LP . Yusei is knocked back from the force of the attack, and says that he felt the real damage that Paradox did to him; before he ends his turn, he activates "Junk Gardna's" second ability, which switches "Malefic Cyber End Dragon" to Defense Position, and then plays " Miracle's Wake ", reviving his "Junk Gardna". Yusei apologizes for losing some LP, but Yami and Jaden insisted that Yusei did a good job, stopping the assault of both monsters. Paradox then Sets a card and ends his turn.
 As Jaden's turn begins, he asks Yusei if he may borrow "Junk Gardna". Yusei agrees, as Jaden activates " Polymerization ", fusing his " Elemental HERO Neos " with Yusei's "Junk Gardna" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ". The ATK of "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" increases by half the ATK of "Junk Gardna", making it 3200. Because of the other effect of "Elemental HERO Neos Knight", it can attack twice during the same  Battle Phase . Thus, Jaden attacks Paradox's "Malefic Rainbow Dragon" and "Malefic Cyber End Dragon" with "Elemental HERO Neos Knight". Paradox activates " Malefic Tune ", allowing him to draw 2 cards. Jaden Sets four cards to end his turn.
 
         " Malefic Paradox Dragon " appears.     
 Paradox adds " Malefic Stardust Dragon " to his hand due to the effect of "Malefic World". He then sends " Stardust Dragon " from his  Extra Deck  to the  Graveyard  to Special Summon " Malefic Stardust Dragon ". Yusei then became shocked to see that his ace monster became corrupted. Paradox then  Normal Summons  " Malefic Parallel Gear " and tunes it with "Malefic Stardust Dragon" to Synchro Summon " Malefic Paradox Dragon ". Yusei is stunned by this, to which Paradox says that he is not the only one who could Synchro Summon. He activates its effect, Special Summoning "Stardust Dragon" and decreasing the ATK of Jaden's "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" by 2500. Paradox attacks "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" with "Malefic Paradox Dragon", but Jaden activates " Hero Barrier ", negating the attack. Yugi and Yusei praise Jaden for that move, but Paradox activates " Malefic Claw Stream ", destroying "Elemental HERO Neos Knight", but Jaden activates " Elemental Mirage ", resurrecting "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" with its original  ATK  (2500). He explains to Yugi and Yusei that he did this to ensure that there was at least a monster on the field by Yugi's turn. Because of the effect of "Malefic Paradox Dragon", the ATK of "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" is reduced to 0. Paradox Sets 2 cards to end his turn.
 As Yugi's turn begins, he adds " Dark Magician " to his hand due to Yusei's " Reincarnation of Hope ", to which Paradox taunts that he knew that he would try to go for "Dark Magician". Yugi activates " Ancient Rules ", which allows him to Special Summon it. Dark Magician, however, is still affected by the effect of Malefic Paradox Dragon, reducing its ATK to zero. Jaden gets excited seeing Yugi's ace card, while Yusei remembers that based on the archives, Dark Magician is Yugi's ace monster. At this point, Yusei asks Yami to destroy "Stardust Dragon", since "Malefic Paradox Dragon's" effect will prevent them from launching an attack. Yugi then activates " Bond Between Teacher and Student ", which Summons " Dark Magician Girl " to his field. Yami then activates " Magic Gate of Miracles ", which lets him take control of one of Paradox's monsters and which Paradox assumes it is his "Malefic Paradox Dragon". In response, Paradox chains " Malefic Force ", which protects his "Malefic Paradox Dragon" from Yami's card effects; however, Yami reveals that his true target is actually "Stardust Dragon", which returns to Yusei's side of the field. Jaden then praises Yami for the move, noting that Yami never wanted "Malefic Paradox Dragon" in the first place. By doing so, "Malefic Paradox Dragon's" effect is negated, thus returning "Dark Magician" and "Elemental HERO Neos Knight's" ATK to their original amount. Yami then activates " Dark Magic Twin Burst ", combining his two monsters'  ATK  together, raising the ATK of "Dark Magician" to 4500. He attacks and destroys "Malefic Paradox Dragon", resulting in Paradox losing 500 LP. Paradox then grins, claiming that these desperate moves change nothing. Yugi disagrees, mentioning to Paradox that he had two monsters and now he has none, to which Paradox declares that they have only created the path for the Summoning of a more powerful monster. He activates " Malefic Paradigm Shift ", which Summons " Malefic Truth Dragon " to his field when his "Malefic Paradox Dragon" is destroyed. This costs Paradox half of his LP to activate (Paradox: 1750 LP), and he subsequently fuses with the new monster, which intimidates the trio with it's sheer size. Yugi then Sets 2 cards face down and ends his turn.
 By now, time is rapidly running out as Pegasus is about to arrive, but cannot land his helicopter due to Malefic World still being in play. Back in  New Domino City , everybody is watching their dimension collapse but  Crow  knows that Yusei will be okay.
 Paradox then starts his turn. He plays " Malefic Selector " to remove "Malefic Parallel Gear" and "Malefic Cyber End Dragon" from play to add " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon " to his hand. Paradox then sends both " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  to Special Summon "Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and "Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon".
 
         " Malefic Truth Dragon ", " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon " and " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon " on Paradox's  field .     
 Yugi is shocked that "Red Eyes Black Dragon" and "Blue Eyes White Dragon" have become Malefic monsters as well. Paradox then attacks "Dark Magician Girl" with "Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon". At that point, he also mentions "Malefic Truth Dragon's" ability: If a Malefic monster destroys one monster, the other monsters are also destroyed. Jaden then activates Yugi's " De-Fusion ", sending "Elemental HERO Neos Knight" back to the Extra Deck and Summoning his "Elemental HERO Neos" and Yusei's "Junk Gardna". Yusei then uses the effect of "Junk Gardna" to switch "Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon" to Defense Position, thus canceling its attack. Yugi praises both Jaden and Yusei for this impressive display of teamwork, but Paradox then attacks "Dark Magician" with "Malefic Blue Eyes White Dragon" and destroys it, costing Yugi, Yusei and Jaden 500 LP. He then activates the effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" which would destroy all of Yami, Jaden and Yusei's monsters, but Yusei activates the effect of "Stardust Dragon" to negate the destruction effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" and destroy it. However, Paradox activates the second effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" which removes from play his "Malefic Rainbow Dragon" and negates the effect of "Stardust Dragon". He then attacks "Elemental HERO Neos" with "Malefic Truth Dragon" and thus activating its effect again, destroying "Dark Magician Girl" and "Junk Gardna". Also, for every monster destroyed, Malefic Truth Dragon inflicts 800 damage. Yami, Jaden and Yusei's LP are all reduced to 500 as all 3 of them are pushed back by the explosion. Paradox then activates " Malefic Divide ",  Special Summoning  "Malefic Stardust Dragon" from the  Graveyard . Banner realizes that the minute "Malefic Stardust Dragon's" attack hit, the trio will lose. Paradox then orders it to unleash its fury so that Duel Monsters will perish forever. Yusei falls to his knees, saying that everything is lost and the future is doomed. Jaden tells Yusei not to give up, reminding him that he's traveled through time to get this far. Yugi also tells Yusei that it's their beliefs in Duel Monsters that allowed the three of them to travel through time and meet, which means there must be a meaning behind it. Jaden reminds Yusei that whether their futures are right or not is up to them to decide before activating " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh ". The effect of "The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh" allows Yami to add " Kuriboh " to his hand. Yami then discards "Kuriboh" to reduce the  Battle Damage  to 0. Paradox is furious with Yugi for using "Kuriboh" to negate the attack and ends his turn, but not before "Malefic Stardust Dragon" gets destroyed by the effect of "Malefic Divide" and the original "Stardust Dragon" gets Summoned back to Yusei's field due to its effect. Yami then tells Yusei that no matter which era he is in, his friends will always be supporting him.
 Yusei gets up, as Yami & Jaden tell Yusei to end the Duel while promising to aid him. Yusei activates " Stardust Mirage ", Special Summoning all monsters that  Paradox  destroyed during this turn. This brings back "Dark Magician Girl", "Dark Magician", "Elemental HERO Neos" and "Junk Gardna", much to Paradox's shock. Yusei then draws a card to start his turn, as Jaden then activates " Neos Spiral Force ", doubling the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" to 5000. Yami then activates " Dark Spiral Force ", doubling Stardust Dragon's ATK again to 10000. Yusei attacks "Malefic Truth Dragon" with "Stardust Dragon" and the combined efforts of "Dark Magician" and "Elemental HERO Neos", winning the  Duel  and restoring peace. Paradox is destroyed by the attack and is never to be seen again. Pegasus is finally able to land and arrive at the event.
 
         The three say goodbye.     
         The final scene     
 After the Duel, Yusei, Jaden, and Yami look down from the rooftop towards the event where Pegasus is among the crowd. Yusei believes that they will meet again and Yami says the three can duel each other when the time comes. He reminds Jaden and Yusei that as long as they believe in Duel Monsters, their bonds will always be linked. Jaden and Yusei then return to their respective timelines. Back at  New Domino City , everybody comes running to Yusei as Yusei himself looks at the sky. Although he does not know whether the future Paradox spoke of is really true or not, he does know that they are the ones who decide the future. He promises Jaden and Yugi that he will protect his irreplaceable bonds and future. In the English dub, he also says that the true magic of Duel Monsters isn't in the cards, it's the bonds people forge by playing the game.
 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yusei Fudo vs. Paradox 
 Duel already in progress.  Paradox   controls  no cards while  Yusei  controls " Junk Synchron " (1300/500) and " Junk Warrior " (2300/1300), both in  Attack Position .
 Yusei's turn 
Yusei  tunes  his  Level  5 "Junk Warrior" with his Level 3  Tuner monster  "Junk Synchron" to  Synchro Summon  " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. At this point, Paradox uses a  blank card  to capture "Stardust Dragon" and corrupt it, making "Stardust Dragon" his card and leaving Yusei's card blank.
 The Duel, at this point, ends with no result as Paradox warps out of Yusei's era in time.
 
 Yami Yugi, Jaden Yuki and Yusei Fudo vs. Paradox 
 The film featured a short one-on-three-Duel, with  Paradox  facing  Yusei ,  Jaden  and  Yami Yugi . Paradox took every odd number of  turns . Paradox had 4000  LP , while Yugi, Jaden and Yusei have a shared 4000 LP and one  field .
 Turn 1: Paradox 
Paradox  draws  " Malefic Tune ". Paradox's  hand  contains "Malefic Tune", " Malefic World ", " Malefic Cyber End Dragon ", " Malefic Claw Stream ", " Malefic Selector " and " Malefic Paradigm Shift ". Paradox  activates  the  Field Spell Card  "Malefic World". Now during each of Paradox's  Draw Phases , he can  add  a  random  " Malefic "  monster  from his  Deck  to his hand instead of conducting a  normal draw . If Paradox  controls  a  face-up  "Malefic" monster, non-"Malefic" monsters controlled by Paradox can't   attack . Paradox then  sends  " Cyber End Dragon " from his  Extra Deck  to the  Graveyard  to  Special Summon  "Malefic Cyber End" (4000/2800) from his hand in  Attack Position  via its own  effect . Paradox  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yusei 
Yusei draws " Reincarnation of Hope " and subsequently activates it,  discarding  two cards to allow him to add a monster from his Deck to his hand during his second  Standby Phase  after this card's activation. He discards " Sonic Chick " and " Quillbolt Hedgehog ". Yusei then  Normal Summons  " Junk Synchron " (1300/500) in Attack Position. As it was Normal Summoned, its effect activates, letting Yusei Special Summon a  Level  2 or lower monster from his Graveyard in  Defense Position  with its effects  negated . He Special Summons "Sonic Chick" (300/300). As he controls a  Tuner monster , Yusei activates the effect of the "Quillbolt Hedgehog" (800/800) in his Graveyard, Special Summoning it in Attack Position. Yusei  tunes  his Level 1 "Sonic Chick" and Level 2 "Quillbolt Hedgehog" with his Level 3 Tuner monster "Junk Synchron" to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Gardna " (1400/2600) in Defense Position. As "Quillbolt Hedgehog"  left the field , its effect  removes  it from play. Yusei Sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Paradox 
During his Draw Phase, Paradox activates the effect of "Malefic World" to add " Malefic Rainbow Dragon " from his Deck to his hand instead of conducting his normal draw. Paradox then sends " Rainbow Dragon " from his Deck to the Graveyard to Special Summon "Malefic Rainbow" (4000/0) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. "Malefic Rainbow" attacks "Junk Gardna", but Yusei activates the effect of "Junk Gardna" as an opponent's monster  declared  an attack, switching "Malefic Rainbow" to Defense Position. "Malefic Cyber End" attacks and  destroys  "Junk Gardna", with the effect of "Malefic Cyber End" inflicting  piercing   battle damage  (Yusei, Jaden, Yugi: 4000 → 2600 LP). Since "Junk Gardna" was destroyed, its effect activates, switching a monster on the field to Defense Position. Yusei chooses "Malefic Cyber End". Yusei then activates his  face-down  " Miracle's Wake ", letting him Special Summon a monster from his Graveyard that was  destroyed by battle  this turn. He Special Summons "Junk Gardna" (1400/2600) in Defense Position. Paradox Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  the " Elemental Hero Neos " in his hand with Yusei's "Junk Gardna" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Neos Knight " (2500/1000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Neos Knight" increases its  ATK  equal to half the ATK of the  Warrior - Type  monster used that was not "Elemental Hero Neos" ("Neos Knight": 2500 → 3200 ATK). "Neos Knight" can attack twice per  Battle Phase , so it attacks and destroys "Malefic Cyber End" and "Malefic Rainbow". As a "Malefic" monster he controls was destroyed, Paradox activates his face-down "Malefic Tune", drawing two cards. Jaden Sets four cards.
 Turn 5: Paradox 
During his Draw Phase, Paradox activates the effect of "Malefic World" to add " Malefic Stardust Dragon " from his Deck to his hand instead of conducting his normal draw. Paradox then sends " Stardust Dragon " from his Extra Deck to the Graveyard to Special Summon "Malefic Stardust" (2500/2000) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Paradox Normal Summons " Malefic Parallel Gear " (0/0) in Attack Position. He then tunes his Level 8 "Malefic Stardust" with his Level 2 Tuner monster "Malefic Parallel Gear" to Synchro Summon " Malefic Paradox Dragon " (4000/4000) in Attack Position. 
 Since "Malefic Paradox Dragon" was Synchro Summoned, its effect activates, letting Paradox Special Summon a  Synchro Monster  from his Graveyard,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . He Special Summons "Stardust Dragon" (2500/2000). The effect of "Malefic Paradox Dragon" reduces the ATK of every monster controlled by his opponents by the ATK of Synchro Monsters Paradox controls besides "Malefic Paradox Dragon" ("Neos Knight": 3200 → 700 ATK). 
 "Malefic Paradox Dragon" attacks "Neos Knight", but Jaden activates his face-down " Hero Barrier ", negating the attack as he controls an " Elemental Hero " monster. As he controls a "Malefic" Synchro Monster, Paradox activates his face-down "Malefic Claw Stream", destroying a monster his opponent controls. He destroys "Neos Knight". As an "Elemental Hero" monster he controls was destroyed by a card effect, Jaden activates his face-down " Elemental Mirage ",  returning  the destroyed monsters to the field in the  battle positions  they were in. He Special Summons "Neos Knight" (2500 → 0/1000) in Attack Position. Paradox Sets two cards.
 Turn 6: Yugi 
Yugi draws " Ancient Rules ". Since it has been two turns since Yusei activated "Reincarnation of Hope", its effect activates, allowing Yugi to add a monster from his Deck to his hand. He adds " Dark Magician ". Yugi then activates "Ancient Rules", letting him Special Summon a Level 5 or higher  Normal Monster  from his hand. He Special Summons "Dark Magician" (2500 → 0/2100) in Attack Position. As he controls "Dark Magician", Yugi activates " Bond Between Teacher and Student ", Special Summoning " Dark Magician Girl " (2000 → 0/1700) from his Deck in Defense Position. As he controls two or more  Spellcaster -Type monsters, Yugi activates " Magic Gate of Miracles ", changing an Attack Position his opponent controls to Defense Position and taking control of it. Thinking Yugi is going to target "Malefic Paradox Dragon", Paradox activates his face-down " Malefic Force ",  equipping  it to "Malefic Paradox Dragon" and rendering it  unaffected  by the effects of his opponent's  Spell Cards . However, Yugi uses the effect of "Magic Gate of Miracles" to instead take control of "Stardust Dragon". This action purifies "Stardust Dragon", making it Yusei's card again. Since Paradox no longer controls "Stardust Dragon", the ATK of his opponents' monsters return to their original values ("Neos Knight": 0 → 2500 ATK, "Dark Magician": 0 → 2500 ATK, "Dark Magician Girl": 0 → 2000 ATK).
 Yugi activates " Dark Magic Twin Burst ", increasing the ATK of a "Dark Magician" he controls by the ATK of a "Dark Magician Girl" he controls ("Dark Magician": 2500 → 4500 ATK) until the  End Phase . "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Malefic Paradox Dragon" (Paradox: 4000 → 3500 LP). Since "Malefic Paradox Dragon" was destroyed, Paradox activates his face-down "Malefic Paradigm Shift",  paying  half his  LP  (Paradox: 3500 → 1750 LP) to Special Summon " Malefic Truth Dragon " (5000/5000) from his Deck in Attack Position. Yugi Sets two cards.
 Turn 7: Paradox 
Paradox draws. He then activates "Malefic Selector", letting him remove from play two "Malefic" monsters in his Graveyard to add two "Malefic" monsters from his Deck to his hand. He removes "Malefic Parallel Gear" and "Malefic Cyber End" to add " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Malefic Red-Eyes B. Dragon ". Paradox sends " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " from his Deck to the Graveyard to Special Summon "Malefic Blue-Eyes" (3000/2500) and "Malefic Red-Eyes" (2400/2000) from his hand in Attack Position via their own effects. The effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" will destroy all monsters his opponent controls and inflict 800  damage  to his opponent for each destroyed monster when a "Malefic" monster destroyed a monster by battle. "Malefic Red-Eyes" attacks "Dark Magician Girl", but Jaden activates Yugi's face-down " De-Fusion ", returning a  Fusion Monster  to the Extra Deck and Special Summoning its Fusion Materials. He returns "Neos Knight" to Special Summon "Neos" (2500/2000) and "Junk Gardna (1400/2600) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. As an opponent's monster declared an attack, Yusei activates the effect of "Junk Gardna" to switch "Malefic Red Eyes" to Defense Position.
 "Malefic Blue-Eyes" attacks and destroys "Dark Magician" (Yusei, Jaden, Yugi: 2600 → 2100 LP). The effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" activates, but Yusei activates the effect of "Stardust Dragon",  Tributing  it to negate the effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" and destroy it. As "Malefic Truth Dragon" would be destroyed, Paradox activates its effect, removing from play a "Malefic" monster in his Graveyard to prevent the destruction of "Malefic Truth Dragon". He removes "Malefic Rainbow". 
 "Malefic Truth Dragon" attacks and destroys "Neos". The first effect of "Malefic Truth Dragon" activates, destroying "Dark Magician Girl" and "Junk Gardna" and inflicting 800 damage to Yugi, Jaden and Yusei for each monster destroyed this way (Yusei, Jaden, Yugi: 2100 → 500 LP). Paradox activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Malefic Divide ", letting him Special Summon a "Malefic" monsters from his Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but it will be removed from play during the End Phase. He Special Summons "Malefic Stardust" (2500/2500).
 "Malefic Stardust" attacks  directly , but Jaden activates his face-down " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh ", letting him add a " Kuriboh " or " Winged Kuriboh " from his Deck to his hand. Yugi adds "Kuriboh" and then activates its effect, discarding it to reduce the battle damage to 0. During the End Phase, "Malefic Stardust" is removed from play due to the last effect of "Malefic Divide". At the same time, "Stardust Dragon" revives itself in Attack Position through its second effect. [Notes 1]  As he controls a "Stardust Dragon", Yusei activates his face-down " Stardust Mirage ", returning all monsters destroyed this turn to the field in the same battle positions they were in. "Dark Magician" returns in Attack Position (2500/2100), while "Dark Magician Girl (2000/1700), "Neos" (2500/2000) and "Junk Gardna" (1400/2600) return in Defense Position. 
 Turn 8: Yusei 
Jaden activates his face-down " Neos Spiral Force ", doubling the ATK of a monster he controls, but "Neos" may not attack this turn ("Stardust Dragon": 2500 → 5000 ATK). Yugi activates his face-down " Dark Spiral Force ", doubling the ATK of a monster he controls, but "Dark Magician" may not attack this turn ("Stardust Dragon": 5000 → 10000 ATK). "Stardust Dragon" attacks and destroys "Malefic Truth Dragon" (Paradox: 1750 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards were used in the film. Italics are used to denote cards whose first appearance was in the film.
 
 Turbo Duel 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 
 Paradox Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon  (stolen from  Yusei Fudo ) Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Ground Duel 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog 
 Sonic Chick 
 Speed Warrior [Notes 2] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Junk Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Gardna Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Reincarnation of Hope 
 Traps 
 Miracle's Wake 
 Stardust Mirage 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Traps 
 Elemental Mirage 
 Hero Barrier 
 Neos Spiral Force 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Rules 
 Bond Between Teacher and Student 
 Dark Magic Twin Burst 
 De-Fusion 
 Magic Gate of Miracles 
 Traps 
 Dark Spiral Force 
 
 Paradox Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Malefic Cyber End Dragon 
 Malefic Rainbow Dragon 
 Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Malefic Parallel Gear Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Malefic Divide 
 Malefic Selector 
 Malefic World 
 Traps 
 Malefic Claw Stream 
 Malefic Force 
 Malefic Paradigm Shift 
 Malefic Tune 
 Flashbacks 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Rainbow Dragon  (newspaper) Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon  (newspaper) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon  (newspaper) 
 Dub introduction 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Sonic Chick Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior 
 Majestic Star Dragon 
 Nitro Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Turbo Warrior Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Stardust Flash 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Yubel Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Air Neos 
 Elemental HERO Aqua Neos 
 Elemental HERO Dark Neos 
 Elemental HERO Electrum 
 Elemental HERO Flare Neos 
 Elemental HERO Glow Neos 
 Elemental HERO Grand Neos 
 Elemental HERO Magma Neos 
 Elemental HERO Plasma Vice Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Reborn 
 Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Magician of Black Chaos Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ragnarok 
 Other 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Marshmallon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 
 Paradox's explanation Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Harpie Girl 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Skull Servant 
 Yaranzo 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apprentice Magician 
 Batteryman AA  x2 
 D.D. Crow 
 Exiled Force 
 Fairy King Truesdale 
 Goblin Attack Force  x2 
 Green Gadget 
 Luminous Soldier 
 Magical Merchant 
 Mataza the Zapper 
 Red Gadget 
 The Unhappy Maiden 
 Thunder Nyan Nyan 
 Tragoedia 
 White Magical Hat 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Yellow Gadget  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Hanewata 
 Psychic Commander Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Destruction 
 Heavy Storm 
 Magical Mallet 
 Megamorph 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x2 
 Nightmare's Steelcage 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Pot of Avarice 
 The Dark Door 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges  x2 
 A Rival Appears! 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter 
 Jar of Greed  x2 
 Sakuretsu Armor 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Threatening Roar 
 Trap Hole  x3 
 
 Cosplay Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Card Ejector 
 Harpie Lady 3 
 Magician's Valkyria 
 
 Dub version cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccapac Apu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Earthbound Immortal Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing Armor Master 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Light Barrier 
 Speed World 
 Speed World 2 
 Spider Web 
 Venom Swamp 
 Traps 
 Damage = Reptile 
 Cast 
 
 
 English character name
 
 English voice actor
 
 Japanese character name
 
 Japanese voice actor
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 Greg Abbey 
 
 Yusei Fudo
 
 Yuya Miyashita 
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 
 Matthew Charles 
 
 Judai Yuki
 
 KENN 
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 Dan Green 
 
 Yugi Mutou/Dark Yugi
 
 Shunsuke Kazama 
 
 
 Paradox 
 
 Sean Schemmel 
 
 Paradox
 
 Atsushi Tamura 
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 Jack Atlas
 
 Takanori Hoshino 
 
 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 Tom Wayland
 
 Crow Hogan
 
 Shintaro Asanuma 
 
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 Bella Hudson 
 
 Aki Izayoi
 
 Ayumi Kinoshita 
 
 
 Luna 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 Luca / Ruka
 
 Yuka Terasaki 
 
 
 Leo 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 Lua / Rua
 
 Ai Horanai 
 
 
 Lyman Banner 
 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 Daitokuji
 
 Kappei Yamaguchi 
 
 
 Yubel 
 
 Eileen Stevens 
 
 Yubel
 
 Hiromi Tsuru 
 
 
 Solomon Muto 
 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou
 
 Tadashi Miyazawa 
 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 Darren Dunstan 
 
 Pegasus J. Crawford
 
 Jiro Jay Takasugi 
 
 
 Dark Magician 
 
 Michael Sinterniklaas 
 
 Black Magician
 
 Kazunari Kojima 
 
 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 Bella Hudson 
 
 Black Magician Girl
 
 Yuki Nakao 
 
 Production 
 Development 
 The film was first announced in July 2009. [7]  Previews for the film started on July 1, 2009. They appeared at the beginning of episodes of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  in the form of short  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime tenth anniversary tributes, starting with  episode 65 . [8] 
 The November issue of  V Jump  confirmed that the animation would be a 3D film released on January 23, 2010. [9] 
 A trailer for the film was shown in October at the Jump Fest Anime Tour 2009. [10] 
 On October 19, 2009 an official website provided a list of theaters where the film would be shown. [11] 
 Starting November 18, 2009 with  episode 85 , the previews at the beginning of episodes showed 9 face-down cards. Each week a new one was turned over. The cards in order of appearance were. " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", [12]  " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", [13]  " Malefic Stardust Dragon ", [14]  " Malefic Cyber End Dragon ", [15]  " Malefic Rainbow Dragon ", [16]  " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ", [17]  " Junk Gardna ", [18]  " Malefic Parallel Gear " [19]  and " Malefic Paradox Dragon ". [20] 
 
         Sakiyomi JumBANG! as MCs.     
 Sakiyomi JumBANG!  featured the film in their 35th episode, on November 27, with guests Yuya Miyashita and Takanori Hoshino, Yusei and Jack's voice actors. [21]  and their 42nd episode on January 22, 2010. [22]  In this episode, the  Sakiyomi JumBANG!  crew mentioned that they would be appearing in the film as MCs.
 A trailer is available on the film's official website. [23] 
 A thirty minute preview of the film was shown on January 17, 2010. [24]   Kazuki Takahashi [25]  and the  V Jump  cosplayers,  Kaiser Umiuma  and  Shironosu  attended this event. [24] 
 In March 2010, during  4Kids Entertainment 's quarterly conference, Alfred Kahn announced that they were working on dubbing the film in English. [26] 
 A trailer of the English dub of the film was shown at San Diego Comic Con 2010.
 Several scenes from the film were shown at the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  World Championship 2010 in Long Beach. These scenes were not dubbed in English, but were localized subtitles of the Japanese version.
 At an encore screening on February 20, 2011, details on the production of the then-upcoming  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  series was announced. The second 2011 issue of  Weekly Shonen Jump  included details of the screening and a competition allowing one hundred and ten readers to win passes to see it. [27] 
 
 Music 
 The film's main theme music is " makemagic " by jealkb. [4]  The ending credits for the English version is a combination of the " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme ", " Get Your Game On! " and " Hyper Drive ", the opening and ending themes for the dubbed versions of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ,  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , respectively.
 The following background music is played during the Japanese version of the film. [28] 
 
 
 
 Music
 
 Scene
 
 
 " Jose "
 
 Intro to Yusei's dream and during the Riding Duel, up to "Stardust Dragon" being stolen.
 
 
 " Dragon "
 
 Report of "Stardust Dragon" attacking the streets
 
 
 " Catharsis "
 
 Crimson Dragon's appearance to Paradox's disappearance
 
 
 " Agonizing Heart "
 
 Talk on the roof
 
 
 " Wicked Spirit "
 
 "Elemental HERO Neos" card vanishing
 
 
 " Cute Spirits "
 
 Domino City Duel Cup
 
 
 " Big Quake "
 
 Pegasus getting crushed
 
 
 " Strategy Conference "
 
 Domino City 30 minutes earlier
 
 
 " Showdown "
 
 Paradox's reappearance
 
 
 " Rage "
 
 Paradox's goal
 
 
 " Passionate Duelists "
 
 Yugi switching to Yami Yugi to the duelists setting up their Duel Disks
 
 
 "Powerful Threat" [ citation needed ] [Notes 3] 
 
 Paradox's first turn
 
 
 " Yusei Battle "
 
 Yusei's first turn
 
 
 " Terror and Destruction "
 
 Paradox's second turn
 
 
 " Judai's Theme "
 
 Judai's turn
 
 
 " Light and Dark "
 
 Paradox's third turn
 
 
 "Passionate Duelists"
 
 Yugi's turn
 
 
 " Placido's Fusion "
 
 Paradox's fourth turn and the Summoning of "Malefic Truth Dragon"
 
 
 " Bonds of the Three "
 
 The Summoning of "Kuriboh"
 
 
 " Yusei's Theme "
 
 Yusei's second turn and end of the Duel
 
 
 " Hope "
 
 Yugi, Judai and Yusei part ways
 
 
 "makemagic"
 
 Ending credits
 
 
 " 10th Anniversary Eyecatch A "
 
 
 
 
 " 10th Anniversary Eyecatch B "
 
 
 
 
 " 10th Anniversary Eyecatch C "
 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Screenings 
         Japanese promotional poster.     
 The film was released on January 23, 2010 in Japan.
 In the United States, it was shown with a limited run on February 26 and 27, 2011 and again on March 5 and 6, 2011. [29]  Some theaters in the North East that showed the film throughout the week February 21 to 25, 2011 due to the closing of schools for vacation. [30] 
 The film had a second release in Japanese theaters that started on February 26, 2011. [31]  to coincide with the release in the United States. [1]  This re-release in Japan has 10 minutes of additional animation in 2D. The 10 minutes of additional footage in the North American release featured 10 minutes of flashback footages on the protagonists. [32] 
 4Kids Entertainment planned to have a television premiere of the film in English, sometime after showing it in theaters. [33] 
 In the United Kingdom the film was shown on May 14, 2011 in theaters. [2] 
 
 
 Home media 
         The English DVD Cover     
 4Kids Entertainment planned to release the film on DVD in English, sometime after showing it in theaters. [33]  Its official home video release date was July 15, 2014.
 In the United Kingdom the film was available on DVD and Blu-ray from Manga Entertainment and originally slated to be released on May 30, 2011, [2]  but was released on July 25, 2011. [34] [35]  In addition to the dubbed version, it includes the original Japanese version of the film, subtitled and completely unedited. [ citation needed ] 
 
 Merchandise 
 " Malefic Red-Eyes B. Dragon " promotional cards were distributed at cinemas to people attending the film in Japan [36]  and America. It was  Ultra Rare  and it was included inside a sample for the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga . [ citation needed ]   Malefic Red-Eyes B. Dragon  is also included as a  Super Rare  in the DVD version. [ citation needed ] 
 The  Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Animation Book  was released on January 21, 2010 [37]  It contains information on scenes from the film, a quick review of the three series, character profiles, Duels and interviews with the staff of the film. [38] 
 
 Reception 
 The film debuted at #6 in the Japanese Box Office chart, earning over a million US dollars in 24 theaters in its first week. [39]  It had however dropped from the charts by the next week. [40] 
 The film holds a 67% rating on  Rotten Tomatoes  based on 450 ratings. [41] 
 Critics generally said that the film would only be of interest to people who are already fans of the series. Phelim O'Neill from  The Guardian  commented that the film is strictly for kids and the target audience might get a kick out of it, but for older people it is just "a shouty, tacky advert for things [they'll] never buy". [42]  Jamie Russell from  Total Film  said "the migraine-inducing visuals and game-heavy dialogue will leave most non-fans clawing their eyes out". [43] 
 
 Trivia 
 In comparison to each other, the favorite monsters of  Yugi  ( Dark Magician ),  Jaden  ( Elemental Hero Neos ) and  Yusei  ( Stardust Dragon ) all have 2500 attack points. 
 Errors 
         The original " Rainbow Dragon " is seen on  Paradox 's  Duel Disk .     
 Several times during the Duel, fewer cards are seen in someone's  hand  than there should be. 
 When  Yusei   revives  " Junk Gardna " with " Miracle's Wake ", a  face-down  card is seen on both sides of it when there should've only been one. 
 When  Jaden  is about to  attack  " Malefic Rainbow Dragon ", the original " Rainbow Dragon " is seen on  Paradox 's  Duel Disk  instead of its " Malefic " version. 
 When Paradox  Synchro Summoned  " Malefic Paradox Dragon " and it appeared on the field, " Elemental Hero Neos Knight " is not on the field but its card is seen on Jaden's Duel Disk after "Malefic Paradox Dragon" is Summoned. 
 When Yusei revives all of his team's  monsters  with " Stardust Mirage ", the  DEF  of " Junk Gardna " is mistakenly shown as 2500 instead of 2600. 
 Pegasus  is shown with the  Millennium Eye , despite the movie taking place after he lost it at  Duelist Kingdom , although this may just be an animation mistake. 
 In the dub, when Yusei activates " Stardust Mirage " the underside of Jaden's face-down is also "Stardust Mirage" instead of " Neos Spiral Force ". 
 In the dub, when Yugi uses the effect of " Kuriboh " to block the attack of " Malefic Stardust Dragon ", he calls it "Stardust Dragon" instead of "Malefic Stardust Dragon". 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Stardust Dragon " could not have been Special Summoned to  Yusei 's  field , as  Paradox  was the  owner  of the card as that term is defined in gameplay. In addition, since it was never properly  Synchro Summoned , it would be ineligible for a Special Summon in the first place. 
 
 ↑   This card is shown in the ending credits, hinting that it was the card Yusei drew on his final turn. 
 
 ↑   The music that was played in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 65: " No Pain, No Game "  when Ryo Marufuji ( Zane Truesdale ) defeats Inukai ( Mad Dog ). 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   yugioh10th.com  News 2011.11.20 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   animenewsnetwork.co.uk   Yu-Gi-Oh  3D film to be released in cinemas and on DVD 
 
 ↑  3.00   3.01   3.02   3.03   3.04   3.05   3.06   3.07   3.08   3.09   3.10   3.11   3.12   yugioh10th.com  Staff & Cast 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   yugioh10th.com  News 2009.11.30 
 
 ↑   twitter.com  katsuono ( Katsumi Ono ) at 16:45 April 1, 2011 (GMT) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 146: " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com  Toriko, Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Special Anime Shorts Announced (Updated) 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 65: " A New Threat, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com   Yu-Gi-Oh!  10th Anniversary Anime to Be Film in 2010 
 
 ↑   jumpfesta.com  Jump Festa 2009 
 
 ↑   yugioh10th.com  News 2009.10.19 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 85: " Mother Knows Best " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 86: " Duelist For Hire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 87: " Showdown at Sundown, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 88: " Showdown at Sundown, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 89: " The Race to Escape, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 90: " The Race to Escape, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 91: " Clash at Crash Town, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 92: " Clash at Crash Town, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 93: " The Question of the Card " 
 
 ↑   tv-tokyo.com   Sakiyomi JumBANG!  episodes 27 to 39 
 
 ↑   tv-tokyo.com   Sakiyomi JumBANG!  episodes 40~ 
 
 ↑   yugioh10th.com  trailer. 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   yugioh10th.com  News 2010.01.17 
 
 ↑   yugioh10th.com  Staff diary 2010-01 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com  4Kids Reports US$21 Million Loss in 4th Quarter 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com  New  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Series to Be Announced in February 
 
 ↑   http://www37.atwiki.jp/ygo10thmovie/pages/36.html 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D's  U.S. Theatrical Run Dated for February–March 
 
 ↑   facebook.com   Yu-Gi-Oh!  Fan Page: Theatres Showing Yu-Gi-Oh! Bonds Beyond Time weekdays during the week of February 21-25th 
 
 ↑   V Jump  Jan. issue scan 
 
 ↑   facebook.com   Yu-Gi-Oh!  Fan Page: The ten minutes of additional footage for the United States release 
 
 ↑  33.0   33.1   animenewsnetwork.com  4Kids Adds  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time  Anime Film 
 
 ↑   hmv.com  Yu Gi Oh The Movie: Bonds Beyond Time DVD 
 
 ↑   hmv.com  Yu Gi Oh The Movie: Bonds Beyond Time Blue-ray 
 
 ↑   [1]   Promo card for attending the movie 
 
 ↑   Amazon.co.jp   Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Animation Book 
 
 ↑   animebooks.com  Yu-Gi-Oh! 10th Anniversary Animation Book 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com  Japanese Box Office, January 23–24 
 
 ↑   animenewsnetwork.com  Japanese Box Office, January 30–31 
 
 ↑   rottentomatoes.com   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time  (2011) 
 
 ↑   guardian.co.uk   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time  – review — May 12, 2011 
 
 ↑   totalfilm.com   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time  — May 11, 2011 
 
 
 External links 
 
 
 
 Wikipedia  has an article about  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time . 
 
 
 yugioh10th.com  Official Japanese site 
 yugiohmovie3d.com  Official English site 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time  at the Internet Movie Database 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 characters 
 bunkōban 
 volumes 
 Subseries 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Duelist 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Millennium World 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 Spin-offs 
 R 
 chapters 
 volumes 
 GX 
 chapters 
 5D's 
 chapters 
 ZEXAL 
 chapters 
 D Team 
 ARC-V 
 chapters 
 The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 chapters 
 SEVENS 
 chapters 
 Luke! Legend of Exploding Military Rule!! 
 
 Anime 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 characters 
 cards 
 episodes 
 VHS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  ( Duel Monsters ) 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 DVD 
 Capsule Monsters 
 episodes 
 Films 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Pyramid of Light 
 VS. GX   (canceled) 
 Bonds Beyond Time 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Spin-offs 
 GX 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5D's 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ZEXAL 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 ARC-V 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 VRAINS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 2 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 characters 
 episodes
 season 1 
 
 Storylines 
 Manga 
 School 
 Death-T 
 Monster World 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Battle City 
 Tournament Finals 
 King's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 TRANSCEND GAME 
 Anime 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Domino City Battles 
 Battle City (part 1) 
 Virtual World 
 Battle City (part 2) 
 Waking the Dragons 
 Grand Championship 
 Pharaoh's Memories 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Plot elements 
 Millennium Items 
 Egyptian Gods 
 Wicked Gods 
 Orichalcos 
 Legendary Dragons 
 Games 
 Bandai's Official Card Game 
 Konami's  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 
 Official Card Game 
 Trading Card Game 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Digital Pets 
 Dragon Cards 
 Monster World 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Capsule Monsters Video games 
 Others 
 Earth 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Solid Vision 
 Dueling Arena 
 KaibaCorp 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 
 Music 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Franchise 
 Anime 
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Manga 
 Volumes 
 Chapters 
 Movies 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VS. GX  (canceled) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Card Almanac 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Anime storylines 
 Seven Stars 
 Society of Light 
 Dimension World 
 Darkness 
 Plot elements 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Duel Academy 
 Shadow Riders 
 Sacred Beasts 
 Pro League 
 Society of Light 
 The Light of Destruction 
 Genex Tournament 
 Survival Duels 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 World of Darkness 
 Cyber Style 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/B2_YGO3D_Poster-edit.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20100919233102', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_3D-_Bonds_Beyond_Time_new_still_2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20170108160444', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/NeoDomino_crumbling.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111106185601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Jaden_and_Yusei.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091219121507', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/Maximillianbuilding.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120227013244', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/StandUp.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091219121324', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/Yami%2C_Yusei%2C_Jaden.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120329150641', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/MaleficParadoxDragon-JP-Anime-MOV2-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120724000332', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Malefics_on_Paradox%27s_field.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20111206143014', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/AllForOne.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110719080355', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/3D_Bonds_Beyond_Time_Final_Scene.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110624202850', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/JumBANG_in_the_film.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100216222900', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/Super_Fusion_movie_poster.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091102173442', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/YGO3DEnglishDVDcover.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110429131926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/RainbowDragonError.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20130611035829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Movies, Crossovers