Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_Tag_Force_3


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 
 
 English Box cover 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王デュエルモンスターズＧＸ ＴＡＧ ＦＯＲＣＥ ３ 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yuugiou Dyuerumonsutaazu GX TAG FORCE 3 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 PSP 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  November 27, 2008  November 28, 2008  February 12, 2009 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3  is the third game in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force  series. It is set in  Duel Academy  during the fourth season of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. This is the last game of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  series.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Features 
 2   Anime original cards 
 3   Confirmed downloadable cards 
 4   Tag Force 3  partner Decklists 
 5   Character storylines 
 6   Booster Packs 
 7   Bugs 
 8   Availability 
 9   Promos 
 10   Characters 
 11   Trivia 
 12   External links 
 
 
 Features 
 The game includes a total of 3501 cards, the 4th most cards ever to date in a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  video game (at the time) 
 This is the only  Tag Force  game to feature a playable female character. 
 The cards in the game go up to  Crossroads of Chaos , and also included are cards from the first two  Duel Terminal  sets, as well as any Starter and Structure Decks that were released prior to July 2008. 
 Includes new  Synchro Monsters  from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . 
 Uses the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Official Card Game   Master Rules  and  March 2008 Banlist . 
 Retains the  Destiny Draw  system from  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 . 
 In addition to retaining the Free Mini Games from  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 , a new Mini Game ("Ball or Bread") was added. 
 UMD Recognition  with the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force  UMD will unlock new cards, special Booster Packs, a new storyline, and the ability to partner with  Bastion Misawa . However, if you get a very high score at the exam, you can unlock a pack from the shop, even one of the ones unlockable with  UMD Recognition . 
 Unlike previous games in the  Tag Force  series, this game's Story Mode only has four Heart Events, not eight. However some characters have multiple storylines to make up for this. 
 Some Monsters have also received Summon and Attack animations including " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", " Elemental Hero Bladege " and " Light and Darkness Dragon ". 
 A Photo Gallery feature has been added, allowing the player to view all pictures of the characters' Story Endings, pictures from the previous  Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force  installments and watch videos of Monsters' Summon and Attack animations. 
 Anime original cards 
 As with all the other  Tag Force  games, some anime-original cards are present in the game. Anime originals from the previous two games are also present, but not listed here.
 Bolded cards have been printed in the OCG since this videogame was released.
 
 
 Tag Force 3  exclusive cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amphibian Angel - Frog-Hael 
 Celri, Monk of Dark World 
 Clear Cube 
 Clear Phantom 
 Clear Rage Golem 
 Clear Vicious Knight 
 Dark Archetype 
 Dark Psycho Eye 
 Dark Summoning Beast 
 Kiteroid 
 Plasma Warrior Eitom Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Satellite Laser Balsam Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Advanced Dark 
 Attribute Bomb 
 Attribute Mastery 
 Battle Fusion 
 Berserker Soul 
 Burst Impact 
 Clear Wall 
 D - Mind 
 Flame Wall 
 Fog Castle 
 Miracle Contact 
 The Rival's Name 
 Ojamandala 
 Power Zone 
 Sacred Defense Barrier 
 Toon Kingdom 
 The Unselected One 
 Volcanic Wall 
 Traps 
 Attribute Chameleon 
 Attribute Gravity 
 Cut Jewel 
 Dark Renewal 
 Declaration of Rebirth 
 Final Fusion 
 Pride Shout 
 Zero Sprite 
 Confirmed downloadable cards 
 Toon Kingdom  - November 27, 2008 
 Gladiator Beast Octavius  - December 4, 2008 
 Gladiator Beast Torax  - December 11, 2008 
 Gemini Summoner  - December 18, 2008 
 Test Tiger  - December 25, 2008 
 Defensive Tactics  - January 8, 2009 
 Ocean's Keeper  - January 15, 2009 
 Dragon Ice  - January 22, 2009 
 Tongue Twister  - January 29, 2009 
 Thousand-Eyes Jellyfish  - February 5, 2009 
 Skreech  - February 12, 2009 
 Royal Firestorm Guards  - February 19, 2009 
 Miracle Contact  - February 26, 2009 
 Veil of Darkness  - March 5, 2009 
 Security Orb  - March 12, 2009 
 Abyssal Kingshark  - March 19, 2009 
 Dark Grepher  - March 26, 2009 
 Darklord Zerato  - April 2, 2009 
 Mormolith  - April 9, 2009 
 Darknight Parshath  - April 16, 2009 
 Deepsea Macrotrema  - April 23, 2009 
 Fossil Tusker  - April 30, 2009 
 Metabo Globster  - May 7, 2009 
 Golden Flying Fish  - May 14, 2009 
 Phantom Dragonray Bronto  - May 21, 2009 
 Prime Material Dragon  - May 28, 2009 
 Lonefire Blossom  - June 4, 2009 
 Il Blud  - June 11, 2009 
 Aztekipede, the Worm Warrior  - June 18, 2009 
 Allure of Darkness  - June 25, 2009 
 Blazewing Butterfly  - July 2, 2009 
 Elemental Hero Air Neos  - July 9, 2009 
 Cranium Fish  - July 16, 2009 
 Tag Force 3  partner Decklists 
 At the start of  Tag Force 3 , you're given a choice of one of six characters with which to partner for the duration of the game. These characters are  Jaden Yuki ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Alexis Rhodes .  Bastion Misawa  is also available as a partner after  UMD Recognition  with  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force . 
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cross Porter 
 Dandelion 
 Elemental Hero Neos Alius 
 Elemental Hero Prisma  x2 
 Elemental Hero Stratos 
 Honest  x2 
 Morphing Jar 
 Neo Space Pathfinder  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Aqua Neos  x2 
 Elemental Hero Dark Neos  x2 
 Elemental Hero Divine Neos  x3 
 Elemental Hero Flare Neos  x2 
 Elemental Hero Glow Neos  x2 
 Elemental Hero Grand Neos  x2 
 Elemental Hero Magma Neos  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Convert Contact 
 E - Emergency Call  x2 
 Heavy Storm 
 Instant Neo Space 
 Miracle Contact  x2 
 Miracle Fusion  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Neo Space  x2 
 O - Oversoul  x2 
 Premature Burial 
 R - Righteous Justice 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Wrath of Neos 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Hero Blast 
 Mirror Force 
 
 Syrus Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Drillroid  x3 
 Expressroid  x3 
 Kiteroid  x3 
 Stealthroid  x2 
 Steamroid  x3 
 Submarineroid  x2 
 Truckroid  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union  x3 
 Super Vehicroid Jumbo Drill  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dimension Fusion 
 Emergency Provisions  x2 
 Heavy Storm 
 Limiter Removal 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Premature Burial 
 Rush Recklessly  x2 
 Shrink  x2 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Vehicroid Connection Zone  x3 
 Traps 
 Chain Material  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Black  x3 
 Ojama Green  x3 
 Ojama Yellow  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 King of the Swamp  x3 
 Morphing Jar Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ojama King  x3 
 Ojama Knight  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Destruction 
 Ground Collapse  x2 
 Heavy Storm 
 Magical Mallet 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Ojama Delta Hurricane!!  x2 
 Ojamagic  x2 
 Ojamandala  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Symbols of Duty  x2 
 Traps 
 Dimension Wall  x3 
 Magical Hats  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Ojama Trio 
 Pride Shout  x2 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon  x2 
 Cyberdark Edge  x2 
 Cyberdark Horn  x2 
 Cyberdark Keel  x2 
 Exploder Dragon  X2 
 Infernal Dragon 
 Masked Dragon  x3 
 Morphing Jar 
 Sangan 
 The Light - Hex-Sealed Fusion  x2 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth 
 Gemini monsters 
 Chthonian Emperor Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Overdragon  x2 
 Cyberdark Dragon  x3 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber Twin Dragon  x2 
 Dragon Master Knight  x3 
 Five-Headed Dragon  x3 
 Sanwitch Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Destruction 
 Cyberdark Impact!  x2 
 Future Fusion 
 Giant Trunade 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Heavy Storm 
 Limiter Removal 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 Overload Fusion 
 Power Bond 
 Premature Burial 
 Traps 
 Crush Card Virus 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Declaration of Rebirth 
 Fusion Guard 
 Mirror Force 
 Power Wall  x2 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Blair Flannigan Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Celestia, Lightsworn Angel  x2 
 Jain, Lightsworn Paladin  x2 
 Jenis, Lightsworn Mender  x3 
 Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior  x2 
 Gragonith, Lightsworn Dragon  x2 
 Judgment Dragon  x2 
 Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner  x3 
 Lyla, Lightsworn Sorceress  x2 
 Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter  x3 
 Wulf, Lightsworn Beast  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Destruction 
 Giant Trunade 
 Heavy Storm 
 Lightsworn Sabre  x2 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Premature Burial 
 Realm of Light  x2 
 Solar Recharge  x2 
 Traps 
 Glorious Illusion  x2 
 Light Spiral  x2 
 Lightsworn Barrier  x2 
 Mirror Force 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Alexis Rhodes Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blade Skater  x2 
 Mystical Shine Ball  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Prima 
 Etoile Cyber  x2 
 Hecatrice  x2 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands  x3 
 Majestic Mech - Ohka  x3 
 Marshmallon 
 Morphing Jar 
 Sangan 
 Senju of the Thousand Hands  x3 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyber Angel - Benten 
 Cyber Angel - Dakini  x2 
 Cyber Angel - Idaten Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Blader  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Heavy Storm 
 Machine Angel Ritual  x3 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Premature Burial 
 Ritual Weapon 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen  x2 
 Traps 
 Miraculous Descent 
 Mirror Force 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Bastion Misawa Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Batteryman AA  x3 
 Batteryman Charger  x2 
 Batteryman D  x3 
 Batteryman Industrial Strength  x2 
 Batteryman Micro-Cell  x3 
 Morphing Jar 
 Plasma Warrior Eitom  x2 
 Super-Electromagnetic Voltech Dragon 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Zaborg the Thunder Monarch Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Battery Charger  x3 
 Card Destruction 
 Giant Trunade 
 Heavy Storm 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Luminous Spark 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Premature Burial 
 Short Circuit 
 Traps 
 Judgment of Thunder  x2 
 Metal Reflect Slime  x3 
 Mirror Force 
 Portable Battery Pack  x2 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Character storylines 
 Jaden's (Fused with Yubel or Neo Jaden) Story 
 
 First Heart: Jaden has a flashback of him being the Supreme King and you are in Axel's place to defeat him. Jaden won't help you since he's the Supreme King. 
 Second Heart: In a flashback you duel with Jaden against Adrian Gecko and Yubel. 
 Third Heart: Sheppard tells you to meet someone at the Volcano. Once there you discover Sartorius, but Trueman interrupts, demanding a duel with you and Jaden. 
 Fourth Heart: After a conversation with Jesse at the Harbor, you go to the main gate with him and Jaden. Unfortunately Atticus loses to Fujiwara in a duel, meaning you and Jaden have to team up and take on both Fujiwara and Atticus as Nightshroud. 
 Jaden's (Normal) Story 
 
 First Heart: Syrus plans to have a special class with the Slifer Red students and Bastion Misawa from Ra Yellow being their teacher. Syrus thinks he's going to repeat a year so he duels you and Jaden along with KENYoU with you and Jaden's graduation on the line. 
 Second Heart: The professors don't want all the 3rd year students to graduate, so you and Jaden duel Wade and Dean with your graduation on the line. 
 Third Heart: Jaden has a flashback of meeting Damon when Damon stole the eggwiches and Jaden and the crew (Syrus, Alexis, Chumley, Dorothy, and you) went to meet Damon in the Forest. Damon challenges you to a single duel to test his drawing ability. 
 Fourth Heart: The professors are still against the graduation, especially Dr. Crowler. You and Jaden must duel Blair and Hassleberry with all of the students' graduation on the line. 
 Syrus' Story (Obelisk Blue) 
Syrus in this adventure focuses more upon dueling other students than his friends, reminding everyone about the need to respect the opponent, as Zane taught him.
 
 First Heart: Syrus interrupts a duel between two Slifer Red students (Nathan and Taku) and two Obelisk Blue students. You and Syrus duel against the Slifers. 
 Second Heart: Syrus interrupts a controversial meeting between Jasmine & Mindy and two Obelisk Blue students - Seydina and Pablo. You and Syrus then duel the Obelisk Blue students. 
 Third Heart: Syrus remembers the duel with the Psycho Style duelist (Inotsume Makoto). Then you meet two Obelisk Blue students at the Cliff, Dante and Brown, who also use Psycho Style Decks and duel them. 
 Fourth Heart: At the Duel Field you and Syrus tag duel against Jaden and Dark Zane in the exam duel. 
 Syrus' Story (Ra Yellow and Slifer Red) 
This Syrus, in contrast to the one above, is one that never grew as a duelist or as a person; he lacks confidence, and has no respect either for himself or for others as duelists, childishly demanding the other party buying sandwiches for him and hiding behind the player character like a shield.
 
 First Heart: You and Syrus tag-duel against Chazz and Jesse. 
 Second Heart: You and Syrus tag-duel against Seydina and Pablo. 
 Third Heart: You and Syrus tag-duel against Hassleberry and Chumley. 
 Fourth Heart: At the Duel Field you and Syrus tag duel against Jaden and Tyranno in the exam duel. 
 Chazz' Story 
 
 First Heart: In the Slifer Red dorm's dining room someone has stolen Chazz' fried shrimp. Chazz will challenge Syrus and Jaden to a duel with your assistance. 
 Second Heart: Apparently someone has stolen Alexis' dress, prompting you and Chazz to challenge The Gambler and Sartorius to a tag-duel. 
 Third Heart: In Chancellor Sheppard's office during a conversation about the missing supply ship, Chazz challenges Aster and Jesse to a tag-duel with you as his partner. 
 Fourth Heart: Chazz believes he has discovered the thief's identity - Damon! However Damon's dueling partner Don Zaloog admits to being the real thief, prompting a tag duel with you and Chazz against Don Zaloog and Damon. 
 Chazz' Story (Obelisk Blue) 
This Chazz is who he was at the beginning of the first season—even more arrogant and elitist than usual. His goal throughout this adventure is to take over the school's administration and force out all underperforming students to make it an elite academy. It concludes with him successful, standing at the side of his two older brothers, while the rest of the campus despairs.
 
 First Heart: You and Chazz tag-duel against Syrus and Chumley. 
 Second Heart: You and Chazz tag-duel against Bastion and Tyranno. 
 Third Heart: You and Chazz tag-duel against Alexis and Dr. Crowler. 
 Fourth Heart: You and Chazz tag-duel against Dark Zane and Aster. 
 Zane's (Underworld) Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Zane tag-duel against Jaden and Syrus at the Academy. 
 Second Heart: You and Zane tag-duel against Anca and Simon at the Beach. 
 Third Heart: You and Zane duel against Nightshroud and Alexis at the Volcano. 
 Fourth Heart: To graduate, you and Zane face off against Aster and his sidekick, Chazz. 
 Zane's (Obelisk Blue) Story 
 
 First Heart: Zane has a flashback about his best friend, Atticus starting the Duel Academy's most handsome guy contest. Zane wants to cancel the contest so he duels Atticus and Mindy along with you in a tag duel. 
 Second Heart: Zane has a flashback again about Atticus causing him trouble when he wants Zane to accept the fact that Blair has feelings for him, so Atticus and Blair duels you and Zane in a tag duel. 
 Third Heart: As usual, Zane has a flashback about Atticus starting up a contest: "The search for Zane Truesdale's date". Zane is against it, so you and him duel Atticus and Jasmine in a tag duel. 
 Fourth Heart: You and Zane are tag dueling Atticus and Sarina for the graduation duel. 
 Blair's Story  
 
 First Heart: At the Obelisk Blue boys dorm Blair is after a "Fortune favor" from Sartorius, but first she must defeat Sartorius and Jesse in a tag-duel with your assistance. 
 Second Heart: Blair and you duel at the Harbor against Chazz and Alexis 
 Third Heart: Blair duels with you against Tyranno and Bastion in order to claim their fish dinner as a present for a hungry Jaden. 
 Fourth Heart: Atticus and Jaden duel against you and Blair at the Harbour's lighthouse after Blair invites Jaden there to tell him something, but is interrupted by Atticus. 
 Blair's Story (Obelisk Blue) 
 
 First Heart: At the Obelisk Blue Boys Dorm Blair is after a yearbook photo from Alexis and Tyranno, but first she agrees to duel them in a Tag-Duel with your assistance, because of nostalgia. 
 Second Heart: Blair duels with you against Chazz and Bastion in order to take a picture of the "Pro duelist". Afterward, she is sad that they fought so much against each other. 
 Third Heart: Blair and you duel at the Obelisk Blue dorm against Obelisk Blue Zane and Atticus. 
 Fourth Heart: Tyranno and Jaden duel against you and Blair at the Duel Field to graduate you. After this, Blair talks to you at the Obelisk Blue Girls Dorm. 
 Blair's Story (Undisguised) 
 
 First Heart: Zane is back! So in search of him, the "Maiden in love" duels two Obelisk students - Pablo and Bivin - in order to enter the Blue dorm. 
 Second Heart: Blair and you duel at the Harbor against Alexis and Jaden out of jealousy. 
 Third Heart: Defeat Crowler and Georg to prove Blair worthy of being in Duel Academy. 
 Fourth Heart: Duel of the Pros: Aster and Jesse vs. Blair and you. 
 Blair's Story (Disguised) 
 
 First Heart: Surprise, she's a girl. But to prevent Chazz from finding out, you have to duel him and Syrus. 
 Second Heart: Now it is Jaden who wants to go to the pool with Blair. As her knight, you battle him and Tyranno to help her out. 
 Third Heart: You have to duel Professor Wade to give her time to hide her girlish things. 
 Fourth Heart: Great duel against Crowler and Wade to prevent them from lifting your hats in public. After this, she talks to you at the lighthouse. 
 Alexis' Story 
 
 First Heart: Mindy and Jasmine approach Alexis and ask for a tag-duel with her and you for the graduation test. 
 Second Heart: Chazz tells Alexis that he has defeated Aster and will going to a pro league tournament. Chazz asks you and Alexis to duel them both. 
 Third Heart: There is a Graduation Test at the Duel Field and Atticus and Jaden are your opponents. 
 Fourth Heart: Alexis will ask you to come to the lighthouse at the Harbor and then challenge you to a duel. After the duel she will tell you something important. 
 Alexis' Story (Angry)  -- This Alexis is much more hostile in general, and never fails to mention how she thinks the player character is a slacker at every opportunity, even when complimenting him. Her Deck is based around her Society of Light version's Ice Deck, and her goal is to shape up the player character and get rid of all the "slackers" at the school.
 
 First Heart: Atticus is at the root of the "slacker problem" in Duel Academy, and Alexis plans to shape him up.  First, you have to beat his right wing: Jasmine and Mindy. 
 Second Heart: Now it's time for his left wing: You duel Fonda Fontaine and passer-by Blair. 
 Third Heart: The root is the Slifer Red dorm! So you duel Jaden and Tyranno to make Jaden leave. 
 Fourth Heart: The final fight: You duel Atticus and Chazz, with Atticus's future on the line. 
 Bastion's Story 
 
 First Heart: You and Bastion tag-duel against Jim and Tyranno. 
 Second Heart: You and Bastion tag-duel against two Jinzos from the different dimension. 
 Third Heart: You and Bastion tag-duel against Trueman. 
 Fourth Heart: You and Bastion tag-duel against Rune and Ray in the exam duel. 
 Bastion concludes the adventure with the statement that although he is often forgotten by others, he will continue to fight for what is right, and be an "invisible protector" of the world.
 Bastion's Story (Excited) 
This adventure is a parody of Neo-Jaden's story arc above, with Bastion proclaiming himself to be a defender of truth and justice, hounded by fans at all times (in contrast to how things usually are, where most people keep forgetting he's there).  In fact, at one point he expresses a wish that some people would forget him. The closing illustration for this adventure is identical to Jaden's, and Bastion's Deck happens to be classic Elemental Hero Fusion Monster-based, just like Jaden.
 
 First Heart: Bastion has a flashback to his final duel against Kagemaru at the Special Finals Arena (parody of the same event in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force ). You and Bastion tag-duel against Kagemaru and Titan. 
 Second Heart: Bastion has a flashback where the two of you encountered Sartorius and Sarina (parody of Aster Phoenix's eighth event in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2  You and Bastion tag-duel against Sartorius and Sarina. 
 Third Heart: You and Bastion tag-duel against Professor Viper and Axel. 
 Fourth Heart: The last storypart is the same like Jaden's: You and Bastion tag-duel against Fujiwara and Nightshroud. 
 Second & Third Tier Story 
 
 First Heart: You and your partner tag-duel against Tyranno and Crowler. If you tag with Tyranno or Crowler, you'll fight against Andrea and Lily. 
 Second Heart: You and your partner tag-duel against Yasmin and Atticus (Hawaiian shirt). If you tag with Atticus (in any form), you'll fight against Yasmin and Tania. If you tag with Yasmin, you'll fight against Atticus (Hawaiian shirt) and Tania. 
 Third Heart: You and your partner against Camula and Jesse. If you tag with Jesse, you'll fight against Camula and Atticus (Hawaiian shirt). If you tag with Camula, you'll fight against Atticus (Hawaiian shirt) and Jesse. 
 Fourth Heart: You and your partner duel against Amnael and Adrian. If you tag with Adrian, you'll fight against Amnael and Aster. If you tag with Professor Banner, as Amnael or not, you'll fight against Adrian and Jaden. 
 
 
 Booster Packs 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 promotional cards 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3: Starter Deck 
 Bugs 
 A minor lag seldom occurs during your opponent's turn. This could be due to the revisions that have been made with regards to the decision-making processes of the AI, coupled with the fact that the amount of memory stored on the game's  UMD  is a colossal amount due to the large card pool. However, this lag is enough to really disrupt the flow of the game to the point of almost irritating, like when there is a large number of cards on the field. Despite all the lags, the game can be played normally. 
 " F.G.D " seems to have a different effect in-game (although it is not written in its  effect  text). While your opponent controls it, all  Dragon -Type monsters on its side of the field can  pierce  through  Defense Position  monsters, and  Spell  or  Trap  Cards cannot be activated when it attacks. This does not apply to  Tokens . 
 Dragon's Rage will make all your dragons do piercing damage just by being set on the field, you don't even need to activate it. 
 Selecting  Jaden 's alter ego  The Supreme King  in Story Mode is not possible because the developers never got around to complete the game data to make him accessible. 
 When Jaden attacks with " Elemental Hero Divine Neos ", he says "Attack  Rainbow Neos " instead of "Attack Divine Neos". 
 Sometimes if  Yubel  activates " Heavy Storm " while you control " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle ", the latter is destroyed even though it is in the Monster Card Zone. 
 " Plant Food Chain 's" second effect ( Special Summon  a  Plant -Type monster from the Graveyard if the card is destroyed by a card effect when equipped) can be activated whether or not the Trap has been activated and equipped to an appropriate monster. 
 Yubel sometimes says "Go  Yubel - Terror Incarnate ", when summoning the normal " Yubel ". 
 In events involving  The Supreme King , he is often accidentally referred to as "the The Supreme King". 
 " Spirit of the Six Samurai " misspells the word "Six Samurai" to " Six Samuriai ". 
 " No Entry!! " misspells the word "monsters" to " montsers ". 
 if  Lava Golem  is the only monster in your GY, and your opponent has monsters in their GY, you're erroneously able to special-summon Lava Golem with  The Shallow Grave , ignoring Lava Golem's special summoning requirements. 
 Availability 
 The game does not currently have a release date in the US, the game is region-free and therefore any of the imports can be played on any PSP.  It is for that reason that many people in the US have ordered the UK version. 
 However, according to  GameFAQs , the game was scheduled to be released in America in 2010, but it still has not been released. 
 Promos 
 Some of the Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force 3 game boxes come with the Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force 2 Promos instead of the correct promo cards. To rectify the problem, players can contact Konami through their support centre. If you supply a scan of the game's proof of purchase and your address, Konami will then send you the correct cards free of charge. Click  here  to go directly to the support centre. Alternatively, players can contact their local Konami office or one of Konami's distribution partners via regular mail, enclosing a copy of the proof of purchase. Details of local Konami offices and their distribution partners can be found  here  and  here .  This option works for Customers who have imported the game as well providing the game was purchased from a reputable dealer and there is a digital copy of the proof of purchase (Paypal sales page, digital recept, etc.). 
 Characters 
 
 Characters 
 
 
 
 
   First Tier 
 
 
 You may choose between one of these when starting a new game: 
 001  Jaden Yuki  Normal - (with  Yubel  aka Season 4/Neo Jaden) 
 002  Syrus Truesdale  (Slifer Red) - (Ra Yellow) - (Obelisk Blue) 
 003  Chazz Princeton  (Black Uniform) - (Obelisk Blue) 
 004  Zane Truesdale  Obelisk Blue) (Hell Kaiser aka Dark Zane) 
 005  Blair Flannigan  (Disguised) - (Undisguised) - (Slifer Red) - (Obelisk Blue) 
 006  Alexis Rhodes  (Obelisk Blue) - (Angry) 
 007  Bastion Misawa  (Ra Yellow) - (Excited) 
 
 
 
 
 
   Second Tier 
 
 
 008  Tyranno Hassleberry 
 009  Aster Phoenix 
 010  Jesse Andersen 
 011  Sartorius  (Normal) - (Evil) 
 012  Sarina 
 013  Vice-Chancellor Bonaparte 
 014  Adrian Gecko 
 015  Jim Crocodile Cook 
 016  Axel Brodie 
 017  Professor Thelonious Viper 
 018  Vellian Crowler 
 019  Atticus Rhodes  (Obelisk Blue) - (Hawaiian shirt) -  Nightshroud 
 020  Damon 
 021  Jasmine 
 022  Mindy 
 023  Dark Magician Girl 
 024  Jinzo 
 025  Sadie 
 026  Ms. Dorothy 
 027  Slade Princeton 
 028  Jagger Princeton 
 029  Fonda Fontaine 
 030  The Gambler 
 031  Yasmin 
 032  Titan  - normal 
 033  Paradox Brothers - Para 
 034  Paradox Brothers - Dox 
 035  Lyman Banner  -  Amnael 
 036  Camula 
 037  Tania 
 038  Don Zaloog 
 039  Abidos the Third 
 040  Kagemaru 
 041  Chumley Huffington 
 042  Yubel 
 043  Trueman 
 044  Yusuke Fujiwara 
 
 
 
 
 
   Third Tier 
 
 
 045  Mimicry 
 046  Wade 
 047  Georg 
 048  Hose 
 049  Dean 
 050  Lioside 
 051  Gillian 
 052  KENYoU 
 053  Moses 
 054  Terence 
 055  Ivan 
 056  Giry 
 057  Michael 
 058  Taku 
 059  Bawnji 
 060  Walter 
 061  Hayden 
 062  Rei 
 063  Zanny 
 064  Nathan 
 065  Alvaro 
 066  Rio 
 067  Tryston 
 068  Loggy 
 069  Kura 
 070  Aite 
 071  Sigthor 
 072  Joshua 
 073  Hiro 
 074  Laurence 
 075  Khadim 
 076  Shannon 
 077  Yan 
 078  Faty 
 079  Craig 
 080  Pipin 
 081  Deron 
 082  Enzo 
 083  Swin 
 084  Deloge 
 085  Vyga 
 086  Colin 
 087  Rune 
 088  Marcel 
 089  Ray 
 090  Bivin 
 091  Pablo 
 092  Mathew 
 093  Corey 
 094  Simon 
 095  Nova 
 096  Rock 
 097  Dante (character) 
 098  Truly 
 099  Brown 
 100  Seydina 
 101  Woody 
 102  Hide 
 103  Jaime 
 104  Syun 
 105  Anca 
 106  Rie 
 107  Maki 
 108  Celia 
 109  Disa 
 110  Masha 
 111  Jewels 
 112  Andrea 
 113  Lily 
 114  Yumi 
 115  Bright 
 116  Yuma 
 117  Cherry 
 118  Wisteria 
 119  Kami 
 120  Inoso 
 121  Emperor.Umiuma 
 122  Mokuma 
 123  Sanzyudai Yuki 
 124  Senjome 
 125  Sironos 
 
 
 
 
 
 Trivia 
 This game is the 1st Tag Force PSP Game to feature  a new monster card type  from another  Yu-Gi-Oh!  television show . 
 Although  4Kids Entertainment  did not bring the 4th season of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  to Europe, this game was released there, even featuring a storyline based in that season. 
 External links 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force Games 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution  ( Beginning of Destiny ) 
 Promotional cards 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Other 
 UMD Recognition 
 GX04 
 GX06 
 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2c/GX06-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/290?cb=20090424175437', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Flag_of_Australia.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101213011422']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3, Video games