Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:YGO-051_Barman.jpg


 
 Barman 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 51: " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 The  barman  was a non-player character in the role-playing game  Monster World . He was located in the village
 
 Biography 
 The barman met  Yugi ,  Joey ,  Anzu  and  Hiroto  when they arrived at the village looking for information. Claiming to be adventurers, Joey asked him how they could earn gold. The barman sighed and said "If money could solve our problems, I'd give you all I've got... but before you could claim your reward, you'd be dead!" before moving away. However Joey insisted on hearing what the problem what was, so the barman told him how the village was once peaceful until  Zorc  assassinated the king, turned his castle into a den of evil and terrorized the area with monsters. The barman then instructed the party to speak with " Villager D " to get directions to  Zorc Castle .
 
 v e 
 Monster World Characters 
 Adventurers 
 Anzu 
 Hiroto (Honda) 
 Joey (Jonouchi) 
 Miho 
 Yugi 
 Dark Masters 
 Zorc 
 
 Monsters 
 Beega 
 Dragon 
 Gargoyle 
 Goblin 
 Pao (Zorc Arm Dragon) 
 Pokii 
 Zorc Arm Eyeball 
 Other NPCs 
 Bakura 
 Barman 
 Villager D 
 
 Locations 
 Forest 
 Monsley Kingdom 
 Village 
 Zorc Castle 
 Chapters 
 " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 Episodes 
 " A New Development - Attack of the Handsome Boy " 
 " Rival Clash - The Greatest Crisis " 
 " Friendship - From Legend to Myth " 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB 
 
 Other 
 Dark Bakura and Yugi's group's  Monster World  game 
 Double hit 
 Land mine 
 
 Category:  Monster World 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/YGO-051_Barman.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20101119000604']
Categories: Characters, Unnamed characters, Monster World figures, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters