Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sartorius

For other version of this character, see  Sartorius (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Sartorius 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Sartorius 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Takuma Saio 
 
 
 Japanese   
 斎王 琢磨 斎王琢磨 さいおうたくま Rōmaji: ( Saiō Takuma ) 
 
 
 Arabic   
 سارتوريوس 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Sarina  (younger sister) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Fortune teller 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Duelist manager 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Society of Light 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 Dormitory 
 Obelisk Blue 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Genex Tournament   Did not place     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Arcana Force 
 
 
 
 Other Decks 
 
 Tag Force 2 
 Arcana Destiny Arcana Fate Arcana Lament Controlling Fate See the Light 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 53: " Back to Duel " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 PSP  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 3 
 
 
 Xbox  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium Duels 
 
 
 Other  
 Duel Terminal 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Maddie Blaustein 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Takehito Koyasu Ayumi Yusa (younger) 
 
 
 French  
 Nicolas Dubois 
 
 
 German  
 Peter Flechtner 
 
 
 Italian  
 Paolo Sesana 
 
 
 
 Sartorius , known in Japan as  Takuma Saio  (斎王 琢磨  Saiō Takuma ), serves as the main antagonist during the  Society of Light  arc in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, but becomes an ally to the protagonists after his defeat. He is a fortune-teller and, under the influence of   The Light of Destruction , he was poised to remake the world in the image most befitting to the extraterrestrial entity.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Voice and mannerisms 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 2.2.1   Society of Light 
 2.2.2   Darkness 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 3   Tarot Readings 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Notes 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Sartorius' design incorporates multiple layers of clothing and a wide range of expressions. Depicted here is the fortune-teller from front, side, and rear alongside views of his head from different angles.     
 Sartorius' character design was overseen by Kenichi Hara. His usual outfit consists of the standard Obelisk Blue uniform with a raised and buckled collar and matching cut-offs for his arms and legs. A Deck box is strapped to his right leg, presumably to house his regular tarot Deck. His blue hair is sectioned in two layers, the layer closest to his face a lighter shade of blue than the one behind it, which generally flows as a single unit. Directly above his nose is another section of hair, colored grayish white, and he also wears earrings and a pair of ornaments on either side of his forehead. He carries an  Academia Disk  on his left hand despite his initial preference of Dueling on a table, even claiming to have never used a Duel Disk before prior to Dueling  Hassleberry .
 Interestingly, Sartorius donned his Obelisk blue uniform well before enrolling in Duel Academy.
 His natural complexion is flesh-tone; however, with his evil personality in dominance, his skin takes on a more pallid quality. Furthermore, his eyes are more sinister and glazed over by light. When completely corrupted by  The Light of Destruction , his hair becomes wild, his face inhumanely twisted, and his teeth elongated.
 
 Voice and mannerisms 
 In the dub, Sartorius's voice is reminiscent of a young  Hannibal Lecter . Because of his ability to see the future through his tarot cards, his attitude is calm as everything around is predicted from him. He is also very persuasive, able to find each person's character weak spots in order to do his bidding. His original series counterpart occasionally replaces certain Japanese words with anglicisms, the most common being his substitution of the words "shōkan" 「召喚」 and "hatsudō"  「発動」 with "play," an English equivalent to both "summon" and "activate," respectively.
 
 Abilities 
 His primary power was seeing into the future with the aid of his tarot Deck, a divination technique he shares with his sister,  Sarina . He is also a master manipulator who is able to say exactly what is needed to be said to get anyone he or his associates in the Society comes into contact with to do his bidding.
 Sartorius wields supernatural powers given to him by the Light of Destruction, including the ability to materialize Duel Monster effects, infuse his energy into Duel Monster cards and other people, brainwashing the latter to his will. He can also ward off weak spirits, cast illusions, and temporarily render others immobile. In addition to these skills, Sartorius' "other self" can use light to blast objects and perform telekinesis on them.
 He loses all these abilities after the second season.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Sartorius is a mysterious figure introduced in the second year as  Aster Phoenix 's manager and the leader of the  Society of Light . On the surface, the aim of Sartorius and his organization appears to be world domination starting with  Duel Academy  via expansion of their syndicate but the man's gravest concerns lie in putting his stalled Wheel of Fate back into motion through the powers of  Jaden Yuki  and his childhood friend, Aster, as a means of escaping the destructive future that destiny had set for him. Although this goal was always on his mind, he was pushed towards an ultimate motive of eradicating the "age of darkness" that had befallen the planet. It was his task to blanket the globe in light, destroy it, and kill all its inhabitants in order to restore balance to its imperfect state and create the world or on a greater scale, the universe, anew. 
 
       Sartorius being infected by the Light of Destruction.     
 As children, Sartorius and his sister  Sarina  were shunned and humiliated by others out of fear of their abilities to tell the future and ran away from home. The siblings shared a close relationship which extended into adolescence and Sartorius searched for hope of escaping his ruinous destiny in a young Aster.
 Fearing the corrupt "Ultimate Destiny Card", the Pro League champion ( The D ) sought the kind and caring Sartorius for guidance but unintentionally imbued him with the will of a dangerous alien energy known as the  Dark Light  /  Light of Destruction  「光の波動 / 破滅の光  Hikari no Hadō / Hametsu no Hikari 」 known by the latter name  Surge of Light  or  Light of Ruin  「破滅の光,  Hametsu no Hikari 」 in the Japanese version, which had taken up residence in the card. Like it had in The D, it provoked an onset of dissociative identity disorder, forcing Sartorius to contend with a dominant evil persona. The card would disappear from his possession shortly thereafter.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius tells Aster to go after and Duel Jaden as he wants to see if he was the one. Jaden wins the Duel mostly because Sartorius told Aster to lose the Duel on purpose.
 Later, after Aster defeated  Zane Truesdale  in a Pro League match, Sartorius tells Aster that he must Duel Jaden again and Aster agrees mostly because he believes that his  Hero  Deck was better than Jaden's. Sartorius secretly implanted a part of the Light of Destruction into Aster's Deck to insure that the Light of Destruction will place Jaden under its control upon his defeat. Although Jaden loses, he is blinded of his own cards due to his power to defy destiny which left Sartorius puzzled. Later he arrives at Duel Academy meeting  Vellian Crowler  and  Jean-Louis Bonaparte . The two wanted to show him around, but Sartorius told them he has business to take care of alone. 
 In his debut Duel, Sartorius sets his sights on  Chazz Princeton , frightening his opponent by displaying his ability to see straight through his own cards and claiming that he already knew the outcome of their battle from the start. He summoned " Arcana Force XII - The Hangman ", a card most dreaded by Chazz for it represented himself, without so much as a flick of his wrist. Chazz's stagnant fate was brought to a close when he concluded that he still wanted to defeat Jaden, thereby admitting him to the Society of Light.
 After sensing something, Sartorius tells Aster that he senses that there is someone who can defy destiny and that the answer can be found at Duel Academy. Aster was surprised at going back to Duel Academy, but decides to do so (In the dub, Sartorius tells Aster that he senses a threat and Aster believes that the threat is against him). Aster would Duel Jaden (who has acquired the power of the  Neo-Spacians ) once again as part of a set match made by Bonaparte. Although Sartorius predicted that Jaden would lose the Duel, he surprisingly defeated Aster.
 While Chazz went around and defeated Duel Academy students to make them Society of Light members, Sartorius wondered how Jaden won and he later found out through his cards that Jaden was the one he should go after to further his plans, not Aster (In the dub, it was also because Aster was of no use to him). Sartorius would then instruct the Society of Light members to Duel and defeat Jaden to turn him over to their side, but Jaden defeats each and every one that is sent.
 Subsequently, Sartorius learned that  Tyranno Hassleberry  shared a connection with Jaden and Aster in terms of their power to influence his fate. He challenged Tyranno to a Duel that he assured would not force him to become one of his Society's members. Although Tyranno was overwhelmed by " Arcana Force VIII - The Strength ", which turned his own power against him, Sartorius was unable to make him join the Society as he had secretly intended.
 At the end of  episode 73 , it was announced that Sartorius would be placed in  Obelisk Blue  as a first-year (third-year in the Japanese version) transfer student, making him one step closer to taking over Duel Academy. By  episode 79  during the  Domino City  field trip, Sarina reveals the troubled past that she and her brother share. When the two were younger they were shunned and humiliated by others out of fear of their abilities to tell the future but this fact only strengthened their bond. Sarina emphasized that her brother had once been a kind and caring person and that it was because of a Hero card shown to him by a guest Duelist that he began acting with evil intentions. Aster believes that it was most likely the  Destiny Hero  stolen at the time of his father's murder (kidnapping in the dub), and his suspicions are later confirmed as the " Ultimate D-Card " surfaces as a carrier of the energy that infected both Sartorius and  The D .  Sarina  continues, saying that the card is no longer in her brother's possession as it had disappeared shortly thereafter. Upon hearing of his sister's failure to deal with Jaden and Aster, Sartorius displays the first signs of dissociative identity disorder; within him, the true Sartorius contends with the dominant evil personality brought on by the will of the Light of Destruction. When  Bastion Misawa  arrives to get Sartorius to duel him, he has Bastion duel Chazz instead. During the duel Bastion has the advantage, but he takes advantage of Bastion's self-doubt and desire to be accepted, convincing him to intentionally lose to Chazz and finally join the organization. Sartorius selects  Prince Ojin  as his first opponent in the  Genex Tournament , wishing to obtain the destructive satellite technology of the prince's  country . He predicted that the Duel would end before his first turn came while his opponent believed that he would be the one to claim victory in one turn. Playing only three cards during his opponent's first turn, Sartorius reduced Ojin's Life Points to zero. He earned the title of the first Duelist in the history of the anime to have ever performed, as  Bastion Misawa  called it, a " Zero Turn Kill ", i.e. winning the Duel without even starting his turn. With Ojin's defeat, the wealthy Duelist obediently relinquished the briefcase containing the control switch for his laser satellite and the two  keys  for its activation. In the dub, Sartorius planned to control the minds of the Earth's inhabitants, making them forget about things like corruption, greed and violence, while in the Japanese version he planned to destroy the Earth instead, killing all its inhabitants to restore balance to its imperfect state. 
 In order to prevent his evil side from instigating world destruction, Sartorius approaches Jaden and Aster and gives them the keys. He uses his mind control powers on Jaden to make sure that he never returns the key. Shortly after this the evil Sartorius uses his mind control abilities on  Alexis Rhodes  and brainwashes her, making her cold and heartless. Sartorius orders her to Duel Jaden and defeat him so that she will be able to return the key to Sartorius, only to be defeated. Furious over the fact that his plans have been delayed, his evil personality sends Duelist after Duelist to contend with Jaden but is unable to recover his key.
 
       Sartorius possessed by  The Light of Destruction .     
 He is eventually sought out by Aster in  episode 100 , who breaks into the  Obelisk Blue  dorm to find him in the Society of Light's private Duel field. It is revealed that Aster made a promise to his friend when they were young to save him from his destiny of becoming a destroyer and that  The D  was indeed the visitor that imbued him with the Light of Destruction, but merely by accident, as he came before the fortune teller due to his fear of the corrupt  Ultimate D-Card . As Aster is about to give Sartorius his key to the satellite, Jaden intervenes and tells him its true purpose, prompting Aster to wager it in a Duel instead. Recognizing the present Sartorius as an impostor posing as his lost companion, he struggles against the Arcana Force monsters who deny him control over his fate by stopping their own rotations in their master's favor. Although Aster makes a comeback with timely help from Good Sartorius ,  The Light of Destruction   unleashes " Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler " to end the Duel.
 Afterward,  The Light of Destruction  and Jaden face one another to determine the fate of the world. Similar to the preceding match with Aster, the diviner's cards continue to stop their own rotations. Having obtained both keys to the satellite due to a blunder on Jaden's part, Evil Sartorius uses his mind powers and sends  Ojin  to arm the laser satellite while he keeps Jaden distracted. With the combined efforts of  Elemental Hero Neos ,  Hassleberry , and the returning Sarina, the weapon is dispatched and Jaden defeats Evil Sartorius, sealing away the Light of Destruction. Finally free from his fate of ruin and the burden of seeing into the future, Sartorius thanks both Jaden and Aster for their kindness and is reunited with his sister. The two are then transported to  KaibaCorp  hospital to recuperate.
 
 Darkness 
         Sartorius' rematch against Jaden.     
 Sartorius returns to Duel Academy with  Kagemaru  to tell Jaden that they have sensed a crisis that might happen somewhere down the road. They also convince Jaden (who is planning to leave Duel Academy) that he should not leave the island because they sense the interdimensional energy that builds up and is released in the area around Duel Academy being the cause of all the odd incidents. 
 The meeting is cut short when  Trueman  appears, threatening the three. Sartorius and Kagemaru escape by helicopter while Jaden Duels Trueman. Later on, he is blackmailed by Trueman into challenging Jaden to a rematch in order to rescue his sister from the world of Darkness. Sartorius rescues Jaden from  multiple clones of Jaden and Axel  in  Domino City  where he sets the place where his Duel against Jaden will occur. In the middle of the Duel, his eyes begin to water and he tells Jaden that he lost his  sister  to the  World of Darkness , saying that he is no longer at peace and that he had lost his ability to see the future. Originally, he didn't believe Jaden should have the responsibility of saving his sister because of everything he did in the past. Sarina would later tell Jaden that he must defeat Sartorius, so she can reach out to him. Near the end of the Duel, Sartorius releases " Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler " but Jaden was able to win by destroying " Arcana Force 0 - The Fool ". After Jaden defeats Sartorius a second time, Sartorius, who is rejoined with Sarina, leaves Jaden the burden of saving his sister and the people already trapped in the world of Darkness before joining with them. He and Sarina are revived when Jaden defeats Nightshroud. After that, he was present at Jaden's graduation ceremony.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 Sartorius appears in the game, now once more possessed by the Light of Destruction and intending to explore the new world in order to seek new ways to control people.
 
 Tarot Readings 
 Main article:  Arcana Force Tarot readings 
 Sartorius often reads Tarot cards, which dictate the course of his actions, using certain cards to represent other individuals.
 
 Deck 
 Sartorius uses an  " Arcana Force " Deck , based off the Major Arcana, with  Spells  and  Traps  based on the Minor Arcana to complement his monsters. His cards have the unique ability to appear in either upright (normal) or reversed (upside-down) positions, which dictates their  effects . When  activated , Sartorius' cards rotate and it is up to the opponent to decide when to end the rotation, in turn deciding his/her own fate. (In the  TCG / OCG , this "position" is represented by a coin toss.) The design of cards in the "Arcana Force" series has links to the Cthulhu Mythos. In the Japanese version the names of the "Arcana Force" monsters are separated by underscores instead of hyphens.
 Sartorius later utilizes a new  Lockdown / Mill  strategy which reflects his changed philosophy on destiny revolving around the combination of " Arcana Force 0 - The Fool ", " Tour of Doom ", and " Sowing of the Fool ". By slipping "The Fool" into  Jaden 's Deck, it enables Sartorius to choose which effects of any other " Arcana Force " monsters activate without relying on chance. Through this he can safely use the effect of "Tour of Doom", which has an equal chance of preventing either player from Summoning a monster during their  turn , to shut out his opponent's ability to Summon monsters entirely. In addition, "Sowing of the Fool" gives Sartorius the ability to discard cards from his opponent's Deck. The use of "The Fool" in his rematch with Jaden is significant because during the  Society of Light  arc, Jaden's actions in Sartorius' predictions are determined by the Major Arcana card called " The Fool ".
 
 
 Arcana Force Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force I - The Magician 
 Arcana Force III - The Empress 
 Arcana Force IV - The Emperor 
 Arcana Force VI - The Lovers 
 Arcana Force VII - The Chariot 
 Arcana Force VIII - The Strength 
 Arcana Force XII - The Hangman 
 Arcana Force XIV - Temperance [Notes 1] 
 Arcana Force XV - The Fiend 
 Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon 
 Arcana Force XXI - The World 
 Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler 
 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler 
 Knight of Pentacles Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ace of Sword 
 Arcanatic Doomscythe 
 Cup of Ace 
 Divination of Fate 
 Future Vision 
 Intervention of Fate [Notes 2] 
 Light Barrier 
 Magician's Scales 
 Monster Reincarnation [Notes 3] 
 Necro Sacrifice 
 Pentacle of Ace 
 Reverse Reborn 
 Selection of Fate 
 Sowing of the Fool 
 Suit of Sword X 
 The Sky Lord 
 Vision 
 Traps 
 Ace of Wand 
 Arcana Call 
 Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny 
 Emperor's Staff 
 Reversal of Fate 
 The Material Lord 
 The Spiritual Lord 
 Tour of Doom 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 61 
 Win
 
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 73 
 Win
 
 
 Prince Ojin 
 84 
 Win
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 100 - 101 
 Win (possessed by  The Light of Destruction )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 102 - 104 
 Lose (possessed by  The Light of Destruction )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 170 - 171 
 Lose
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  discarded  via its own  effect  in  episodes 84  and  101 . 
 
 ↑   This card is discarded via its own effect in  episode 84 . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on the bottom of his Deck when Chazz hands it back to him after shuffling it in  episode 61 . 
 
 
 Trivia 
 Sartorius can play the piano adequately. 
 Sartorius is likely named for David Sartorius, a  4Kids  staff member involved with their first  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series adaptation. 
 His surname is not given in the anime. However, some video games give him the surname  Kumar . 
 Sartorius coincidentally shares some similarities with Dio Brando (AKA DIO) from the other Shounen Jump series,  JoJo's Bizarre Adventure :
 They are both voiced by Takehito Koyasu; Dio's case however, would not be until around 2012. 
 The Arcana Force cards, which Sartorius uses, are similar to the Stands that have debuted in  Part 3: Stardust Crusaders , especially DIO's Stand, The World. 
 Sartorius is the only real duelist that managed to perform a zero-turn kill. 
 v e 
 Sartorius  (Takuma Saiou) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime   characters Jaden's group 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjoume) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Chumley Huffington (Hayato Maeda) 
 Blair Flannigan (Rei Saotome) 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Tyranno Hassleberry (Tyranno Kenzan) 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Examiner 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Lyman Banner (Daitokuji)/Amnael 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Sartyr (Kabayama) 
 Ms. Dorothy (Tome-san) 
 Sadie (Seiko) 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon) 
 Mr. Stein (Professor Kouji Satou) 
 Transfer students 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Other students 
 Raizou Mototani 
 Taiyou Torimaki 
  Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Torrey (Takadara) 
 Mukoda 
 Isaki 
 Harrington Rosewood (Ayanokouji Mitsuru) 
 Brier (Ohara) 
 Beauregard (Koharara) 
 Damon (Taizan Taira) 
 Dimitri (Kagurazaka) 
 America Uchimura 
 Ishiki Erishi 
 Belowski (Mokeo Motegi) 
 Reginald Van Howell III (Houzan Gokaido) 
 Missy (Ran Kochou) 
 Lorenzo (Gin Ryusei) 
 Bob Banter (Tsugio Kanda) 
 Marcel Bonaparte (Martin Kanou) 
 Slate (Harada) 
 Teraoka 
 Yamanaka 
 Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Daigo Sorano 
 Duel Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Jinzo (Android-Psycho Shocker) 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Des Koala (Death Koala) 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Yasmin (Sara) 
 Kaibaman (Ally of Justice - Kaibaman) 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Bass 
 Gorg 
 Cliff 
 Meanae 
 Chick 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Alice 
 The Grim Reaper (Shinigami) 
 Ruby Carbuncle 
 Emerald Tortoise 
 Cobalt Eagle 
 Sapphire Pegasus 
 Topaz Tiger 
 Amber Mammoth 
 Amethyst Cat 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Anger Mask 
 Laughter Mask 
 Emotionless Mask 
 Yubel 
 Flame Wingman 
 Honest 
 Shadow Riders 
 Titan 
 Kagemaru 
 Nightshroud (Darkness) 
 Camula 
 Tania 
 Don Zaloog 
 Abidos the Third 
 Amnael 
 Cards 
 Maiden in Love 
 Avian (Featherman) 
 Sparkman 
 Burstinatrix (Burst Lady) 
 North Academy 
 Chancellor Foster (Principal Ichinose) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Czar (Yuri Edogawa) 
 Akai 
 Aoshima 
 Kida 
 Midorikawa 
 Zakota 
 Zakojima 
 Lucien Grimley (Ikkaku Tachibana) 
 West Academy 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Thelonious Viper (Professor Cobra) 
 Pro League 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Howard X Miller (X) 
 Prince Ojin 
 Orlando (Kabukid) 
 Gelgo 
 Mathmatica 
 Elroy Prescot (Sangre Guerrero) 
 Maitre' D (Sommelier Parker) 
 The D (DD) 
 Doctor Collector 
 Society of Light 
 Sartorius (Takuma Saiou) 
 Alien of Light 
 Princess Rose 
 Dr. Eisenstein 
 The Light of Destruction (The Light of Ruin) 
 Light Brigade 
 Sarina (Mizuchi Saiou) 
 Frost (Kourimaru) 
 Thunder (Ikazuchimaru) 
 T-Bone (Iwamaru) 
 Blaze (Honomaru) 
 Domino City 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Kouji Nagumo 
 Gorou Inogasira 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 Hajime Imori 
 Kaoruko Himekouji 
 Risa Kageyama 
 Yukari Kurihara 
 Masato Kamimura 
 Tomoyuki Satake 
 Akira Hukui 
 Manami Kumeta 
 Chie Ookawachi 
 Misaki Oota 
 Kazuhiko Mashirito 
 Aoi Kisaragi 
 Spirit World 
 Neo Space 
 Neos 
 Aquos (Aqua Dolphin) 
 Flare Scarab 
 Air Hummingbird 
 Glow Moss 
 Dark Panther (Black Panther) 
 Grand Mole 
 Desert World 
 Titan, the Rock Spirit 
 Sand Stone 
 Sand Moth 
 Dark World 
 Sky Scout (Birdman) 
 Freed 
 Scarr 
 Zure 
 Larz (Rahz) 
 Kyle 
 Gina 
 Gren 
 Beiige 
 Brron 
 Goldd 
 Sillva 
 Doom Dozer (Death Dozer) 
 Sonic Duck 
 Burgundy 
 Claret 
 Nero 
 King 
 The Supreme King 
 Kozaky 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Guardian Baou 
 Skull Knight (Skull Bishop) 
 Skilled Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Skilled White Magician (White Magician) 
 Battle Footballer 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth (Guard of the Underworld) 
 Guardian's shield 
 Maiden of the Aqua (Sea God's Priestess) 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force (Goblin Elite Force) 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Spear Cretin (Dark Familiar) 
 God World 
 Exodia the Forbidden One (Sealed Exodia) 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 
 Other 
 Pharaoh 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Gorisuke 
 Mr. Huffington (Kumazo Maeda) 
 Slade Princeton (Chosaku Manjoume) 
 Jagger Princeton (Shouji Manjoume) 
 Wheeler (SAL) 
 Wheeler's doctor 
 Tatewaki 
 Gerard (Kousuke Kunisaki) 
 Admiral (Anacis) 
 Pierre (Mitsuo) 
 Shido Gekco (Shido Garam) 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Mr. Shroud (Monkey Sarayama) 
 Mad Dog (Inukai) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Linda (Lindo) 
 Franz 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 Mrs. Brodie (Mrs. O'Brien) 
 Shirley (Karen) 
 Trapper (Giese Hunt) 
 Tom 
 Echo 
 Pierce (Rick) 
 Osamu 
 Trueman 
 Makoto Inotsume 
 Emeralda 
 Mike 
 Tsutomu 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Sartorius.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160620155005', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Saiou_Linework.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070609221438', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/LightofRuin%21Saiou.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20070618181827', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Saiou_GX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20071201165703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Saiou_season4.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091222140739']
Categories: Characters, Sartorius pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX characters