Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_anime_gameplay

Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Gameplay 
 Players start with 4000  Life Points . 
 Many cards that appeared in  Yu-Gi-Oh!  that were released in the TCG/OCG after their initial appearance are changed to reflect their real world counterparts. For example, " Negate Attack " is now a  Trap Card  with its TCG/OCG effect, rather than a  Spell Card . 
 Gameplay was tweaked to be much more in line with the TCG/OCG. The only Spell Cards activated during the opponent's turn were Set  Quick-Play Spell Cards  in contrast to Yu-Gi-Oh!, where the activation of any Spell Card during an opponent's turn was commonplace. 
 Monsters can still be Normal Summoned in face-up  Defense Position , in contrast to the TCG/OCG where it can't be done under normal means (unless  Light of Intervention  is face-up). 
 Cards that debuted in GX but later became real cards sometimes had their effects toned down as in Yu-Gi-Oh!. After the release of the real card, the effect was sometimes changed to match its TCG/OCG counterpart, but not always. For example, " Future Fusion " used its anime effect until Season 3, when its appearance suddenly used its TCG/OCG effect. In contrast, cards such as " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and " Skyscraper " used their anime effects throughout the series even after the cards were released in the TCG/OCG. 
 Replays  are only applied in certain situations, and in others are ignored. " De-Fusion " causes attacks to lose their  target , and replays generally do not occur when this happens. In other cases, such as the use of " A Hero Emerges ", the number of monsters on the field changes, and the opponent opts to target a different one or cancel their attack altogether. 
 Ritual  and  Fusion Monsters  can be  Special Summoned  even if they were not Summoned properly first. 
 Monsters that are treated as Equip Cards are treated as both monsters and Equip Cards. 
 Missing the timing is sometimes ignored or not used. A card effect will always activate when its requirements are met unless the effect is negated. 
 Monsters that return from the field to the Deck count as monsters being removed from the field. 
 v e 
Anime and manga gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (first series) 
 Gameplay 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 Gameplay 
 Duelist Kingdom  -  Battle City Virtual World  -  Waking the Dragons Pyramid of Light  -  Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Gameplay 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Ground Duel 
 Turbo Duel 
 Duel Puzzle 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal 
 Duel Coaster 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Manga 
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Gameplay