Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Mokuba_Kaiba%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Dark Yugi and Mokuba Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Mokuba Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi  and  Mokuba Kaiba  Dueled each other in the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 While  Maximillion J. Pegasus  tried taking over  KaibaCorp , Mokuba swallowed an important key, so Pegasus had him kidnapped until the key could be retrieved. Mokuba was brought to  Pegasus Castle  on the  Duelist Kingdom island . However he managed to escape the castle.
 Mokuba knew that Pegasus' plan involved defeating  Yugi Mutou  in the finals of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, so Mokuba tried to eliminate Yugi from the tournament before that could happen. He stole a Deck and five  Star Chips  form  one of the participants  and planned to use them to defeat Yugi.
 
       Saruwatari  disqualifies  the boy , whose  Star Chips   Mokuba  stole.     
 Dark Yugi ,  Katsuya Jonouchi  and their friends saw the boy, whom Mokuba had stolen from, being restrained by  Saruwatari  and told he was to be sent off the island for losing all his Star Chips. The boy explained that the Star Chips had been stolen, but Saruwatari was unsympathetic. Jonouchi offered to catch the thief and asked that Saruwatari not remove the boy from the island until then. Jonouchi then added that he would keep half the Star Chips as a reward.
 While searching for the thief, Dark Yugi and Jonouchi noticed the boat that eliminated participants leaving the island on and among them was the boy whose Star Chips had been stolen, meaning they would not be able to return the Star Chips to him. Mokuba masked with a bandanna appeared before Dark Yugi and his friends. They recognized him as the thief, but did not immediately realize that he was Mokuba.
 Dark Yugi accepted Mokuba's Duel request, despite knowing he was the thief. The two of them wagered their five Star Chips. As they lay down the chips, Dark Yugi noticed that Mokuba did not have a  Duel Glove , meaning he was not invited to the tournament. He wondered if the thief stole the Star Chips just to challenge him and started to become suspicious of something. Meanwhile, Dark Yugi's friends wondered why he accepted the Duel, when his opponent was clearly the thief.
 
 The Duel 
       Mokuba sees that it is unlikely he will win.     
 1st turn: Mokuba 
 Mokuba  Summoned  " Man-Eating Plant ".
 2nd turn: Dark Yugi 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress ".
 "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress"  attacked  and  destroyed  "Man-Eating Plant" (Mokuba: 2000 → 1400  Life Points ).
 3rd turn: Mokuba 
 Mokuba Summoned " Crocodilus ".
 4th turn: Dark Yugi 
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Celtic Guardian ".
 "Celtic Guardian" attacked and destroyed "Crocodilus" (Mokuba: 1400 → 1100 Life Points).
 Jonouchi thought that the thief was not very good and  Anzu Mazaki  agreed that he was no match for Dark Yugi. Dark Yugi advised Mokuba to give up, as the game is not so simple that it can be won with stolen cards. Mokuba knew he did not have a chance of winning, so tried to take Yugi's Star Chips instead.
 The Duel was not finished.
 
 
 Aftermath 
       Dark Yugi  exposes Mokuba as the thief.     
 Mokuba made a grab for the Star Chips, only managing to grab seven of the ten, but Dark Yugi caught him by the wrist, before he could escape. Dark Yugi then removed Mokuba's cap and bandanna, revealing his identity.
 When questioned about why he tried to steal Yugi's Star Chips, Mokuba told them that it was not for revenge. He told them about  Pegasus '  plan to take over   KaibaCorp , which required Pegasus to defeat Yugi in an official Duel. Mokuba had thought if he could make Yugi lose all his Star Chips, he would be disqualified before Pegasus could Duel him.
 Dark Yugi and his friends managed to convince Mokuba that they would help him and somehow find a way to beat Pegasus, whom Mokuba had heard was unbeatable. However when Mokuba tried returning the Star Chips,  Saruwatari  appeared and warned them exchanging Star Chips outside of a Duel was against the rules and could be punished with disqualification. So, Dark Yugi challenged Saruwatari to a Duel for the Star Chips, however Saruwatari himself did not play games, so he arranged for the  Ventriloquist of the Dead  to face Dark Yugi.
 
 
 Cards used 
 
 Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Crocodilus 
 Man-Eating Plant 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 14: " The Thief " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Dark_Yugi_VS_Mokuba_-_Duelist_Kingdom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160109163806', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b1/D-014_Restrain.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120425205927', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/D-014_No_match.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120425210914', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/D-015_Mokuba_exposed.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110906194337']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga)