Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Purrely_(archetype)


 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 Purrely 
 ピュアリィ  ( Pyuaryi ) 
 
 Translation 
 Purery 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Amazing Defenders 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Amazing Defenders 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 

" Purery "(ピュアリィ) is an  archetype  of  Fairy  monsters introduced in  Deck Build Pack: Amazing Defenders . 
 
 Design 
 Purery is a absolutely adorable small dog-like creature of unknown but seemingly heavenly origins. that appears to have been a stray on the street before being picked up and cared for, then grew powerful when it received a great amount of love.
 
 Playing Style 
 The archetype focuses on a Level 1 monster of the same name, " Purrely ", and placing multiple materials onto its various archetypal Rank 2  Xyz Monsters  which it changes into. The  Quick-Play Spells  are used to Special Summon a Xyz Monster, which mentions that Quick-Play Spell in its text using just "Purrely" on the field, treating it as a  Xyz Summon , a different method then the traditional 2 or more monsters with the same level Xyz Summons usually preform with, attaching the revealed Spell as material, while granting it bonus effects that stack, such as additional ATK/DEF, additional attacks on monsters, and the ability to attach a opponents card on the field to it as material. Each of the Rank 2 Monsters has a unique effect that gains a bonus effect if it has a specific "Purery" Quick-Play Spell as a material and each one shares the effect where, thrice per turn as a  Quick Effect , you can attach activated "Purery" Quick-Play Spells to that monster as material with a bonus effect depending on the Rank 2 in question; from temporary removal of cards on the field, returning your opponent's Spell/Trap cards to their hand, or changing battle positions. One of their boss monster is " Expurrely Happiness ", a Rank 7 Xyz Monster that can be Xyz Summoned using a Rank 2 Xyz Monster with 5 or more materials, possessing unnegateable monster effect negation as well as  inflicting 1500 burn damage when an attack is declared involving it. The other boss monster of theirs is " Expurery Noir ", another Rank 7 Xyz Monster with the same summoning conditions as "Expurrely Happiness" that possesses immunity to the opponent’s activated effects while having 5 or more material, and the ability to detach 2 material to bounce a card your opponent controls or is in their GY back to their deck, a effect that is not once per turn, and is a quick effect while having "Purrely" as a material. Both of their bosses grow progressively more of a threat the more material they have, and gain the stacking bonuses of the archetypical Quick-Play Spells they have as material.  
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Purrely 
 Kinka-byo 
 Diviner of the Herald 
 Trias Hierarchia Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Epurery Happiness 
 Epurery Beauty 
 Epurery Plump 
 Expurrely Happiness 
 Expurery Noir 
 Downerd Magician 
 Divine Arsenal AA-ZEUS - Sky Thunder 
 Link Monsters 
 Linkuriboh 
 Relinquished Anima 
 Salamangreat Almiraj Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Stray Purery Street 
 Purery, My Friend 
 Purery Happy Memory 
 Purery Pretty Memory 
 Purery Delicious Memory 
 Terraforming 
 Lyrilusc - Bird Sanctuary 
 Ritual Sanctuary 
 Overlay Network (card) 
 Generation Force (card) 
 Stoic Challenge 
 Xyz Import 
 Traps 
 Purery Leap!? 
 Xyz Bento 
 Xyz Block 
 Xyz Reflect 
 Xyz Tribalrivals 
 Stained Glass of Light & Dark 
   
" Purrely " 「ピュアリィ」 Members 
 Epurery Beauty Epurery Happiness Epurery Plump Expurery Noir Expurrely Happiness Purery 
 Purery Delicious Memory Purery Happy Memory Purery Leap!? Purery Pretty Memory Purery, My Friend Stray Purery Street 
 Support 
 Epurery Beauty Epurery Happiness Epurery Plump Expurery Noir Expurrely Happiness Purery 
 Purery Delicious Memory Purery Happy Memory Purery Leap!? Purery Pretty Memory Purery, My Friend Stray Purery Street 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Stubs, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)