Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sanders


 
 Sanders 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 Japanese   
 サンダース 
 
 
 Korean   
 샌더스 
 
 
 Italian   
 Sanders 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Gladiator Beast 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yoshihito Sasaki [1] 
 
 
 
 Sanders  is an antagonist in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . He is an instructor at  Duel Academy  who trained the  Battle Beast .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Past 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Sanders.     
 Sanders is a middle aged, fair-skinned man who sports a large messy mustache, thick eyebrows, and short black hair featuring two strands shaped like antennae similar to  Yuri 's. He wears a black military outfit with a red lining and cuffs over a close-collared white shirt that has a green pattern below the collar, giving the white beneath it the shape of battlements, and he also wears a maroon belt with a gold-plated buckle. He carries a red riding crop that he uses for intimidation. 
 
 Personality 
 Sanders is a serious and strict individual. He firmly believes in Duel Academy's agenda and teaches his alumni with a rigorous mindset. He has shown to be a strategic and methodical individual as he devised a trap to capture the Lancers and often remarking to his students the best course of action in battle depending on the mission at hand. He instructs his students to be completely obedient; anything less will not satisfy him, to the point of threatening the  Battle Beast  over seeing him smile in relief at avoiding a loss.
 Sanders seems to be a man obsessed with war and strength as he pursues to create the strongest Duel soldiers ever. His enthusiasm is such that he refers to his students as gladiators and as their training grounds as a holy place, seeing no greater honor than in combat itself.
 Ultimately, he is a man of Darwinist principles and cares little in sacrificing his own students or even having them battle each other, so long as his ultimate masterpiece, a soldier of utmost strength is born as a result. His principles are deeply ingrained in both his students and even himself, as seen when neither of them cared about Sanders himself being sealed into a card, and in fact encouraged it as a glorious sacrifice. 
 He tends to usher the catchphrase "Glory on the Academia".
 
 Biography 
 Past 
 Sanders trained the  Battle Beast  to become the strongest Duel Warrior, but his sheer hostility caused him to Duel and seal anyone he encountered into cards. Due to this, Sanders judged him defective and had him imprisoned. [2] 
 
 Heartland City 
       Sanders explains to his students that they will take part in a "Survival Duel".     
 When the  Lancers  landed on Duel Academy's north side, Sanders contacted  the Professor  and was told to carry out the mission according to the plan and take  Yuya Sakaki  down. He then gave a special mission to the elite students who have the top grades of  Duel Academy : defeat the Lancers. The Lancers split up into two groups during the ambush, and Sanders told his students not to worry as it was part of the scenario and asked them how would they handle the situation. He was displeased when all of their plans focused on destroying them instead of capturing them, as were the orders, and he told them to watch carefully how to carry out a capture operation. Yuya's group were captured, and Sanders picked  Ted ,  Ethan ,  Bernie ,  Jacob , and  Emma  to put their lives on the line in a  Survival Duel  against the five Lancers. (In the Dub, he instead asked for five of his students to volunteer and go up against the five Lancers in a Survival Duel). When the Lancers were brought to the arena, Sanders told them they would battle his five elite students until there was only one man standing. He told them the Survival Duel would create the ultimate soldier and the losers  would become cards . He activated the  Field Spell  " Predaprimal Jungle " and started the Survival Duel. He told the rest of the students to burn this  Duel  into eyes as they would witness the birth of the ultimate soldier. One of the students was quickly defeated, and Sanders realized that this was the work of the  Battle Beast  and commented how he was as haphazard as ever, though he reassured himself that the elites would definitely make it. [1]  However, Emma and Jacob were defeated, and Sanders was outraged that his top elites were wiped out and couldn't surpass the Battle Beast.  Crow Hogan  revealed the Battle Beast's identity, and Sanders told everyone that this was the strongest Battle Beast that he had grown, BB. He told his students that Battle Beast was very hostile and would sealed anyone he Dueled into a card, causing him to be judged defective and imprisoned. He also told them that he was planning on molding them into the strongest Duelists, but there was no result after his chosen five were defeated, and he suggested that if they didn't want to be sealed into cards like the first five were, they should watch the Duel closely. He was unimpressed by  Gong Strong 's  Pendulum Summon  and claimed that they had awakened the monster that was battle hungry. He was surprised when  Jack Atlas  arrived in the arena. [2] 
 He asked Jack if he was one of the Lancers' comrades and told him to show that confidence he has against the Battle Beast. Jack almost defeated the Battle Beast, but he was held back buy his own card restrictions and the Battle Beast smiled in relief at escaping defeat. Sanders was infuriated, and he joined the Duel, receiving an intrusion penalty. He used " Test Fusion " to  Fusion Summon  " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor " and used the effect of "Tamer Editor" to  Special Summon  " Gladiator Beast Andabata " from Battle Beast's  Extra Deck  to his field. He told Battle Beast to fight freely now and show his strength and viciousness to the enemy as it was a direct order from the Professor to eliminate the Lancers; especially Yuya Sakaki. He tried to use the second effect of "Tamer Editor" to destroy " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", but Jack prevented it with " Red Armor ". Instead he attacked Yuya directly and told Battle Beast to prevent him from getting an  Action Card , but the Battle Beast simply stood there in shock. Yuya dodged the attack with " Evasion ", and Sanders yelled at Battle Beast for not following orders, stating the superior officer's orders were absolute on the battlefield. He told the rest of his students to engrave it into their hearts, as absolute obedience was his cardinal rule. The Battle Beast used " Gladiator Beast Assault Fort " to protect himself, and Sanders told him to bury Yuya and Jack, but yelled at him again for ignoring orders again and threatened to seal him into a card. To his utter shock, the Battle Beast used the effect of "Tamer Editor" to destroy itself. [3] 
 
       Sanders is dragged away by his students while he screams at Yuya.     
 He is then defeated and got mad at Battle Beast for attacking him too. He listened to Yuya and Battle Beast's talk about their similarities and told Battle Beast to seal him because he can teach his students how harsh a real battle can be. But, before doing so he told Battle Beast his goal about creating the strongest Duel solider in order to carry out the Professor's order to eliminate Yuya. He then told Battle Beast to seal him and eliminate Yuya as it is the Professor's order and told him that he won't survive if he fails. When Battle Beast's "Forts" failed, Sanders was angry that Battle Beast failed to win the Duel with his trump card. Sanders called Yuya an idiot for destroying his monsters due to the effect of "Great Fortress" and he'll meet his end as well. However, he learned that  Pendulum Monsters  don't go to the graveyard, making the effect of "Great Fortress" useless, shocking him. Yuya won the duel, but unlike his students who were moved by Yuya's dueltaining, Sanders was not and so they turned on him. Sanders told Yuya that  the Professor's next assassin  will send him to his doom as his students take him away. [4] 
 
 Deck 
 Like Battle Beast, Sanders runs a " Gladiator Beast " Deck, which is focused more on traditional  Fusion Summoning , and it includes the "Test" support monsters. 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Test Ape 
 Test Tiger Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Test Fusion 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki  and  Jack Atlas 
 121 - 122 
 Lose (with  Battle Beast )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/92/Sanders.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160814190628', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/FullSanders.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160905032129', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/Sanders_Tells_Students_About_Survival_Duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928095455', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Sanders_Dragged_Away_By_Students.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928095556']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters