Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Domino_Pier

Domino Pier  is a landmark in  Domino City . Some of the main characters have begun life changing experiences or come to great realizations at this point.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearances 
 
 1.1   Duelist Kingdom 
 1.2   Battle City 
 1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 2   Destiny Board Traveler stage 
 
 
 Appearances 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Yugi Muto  prepared to depart to the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament at Domino Pier.  Joey Wheeler  tried to make his way onto the ship, but was refused entry as he wasn't invited to the tournament. Yugi handed one of his  Star Chips  to Joey, allowing him to enter.  Téa Gardner ,  Tristan Taylor  and  Bakura Ryou  all managed to stowaway onto the ship here too.
 
 Battle City 
       Yugi and Joey's Duel at the pier.     
 During  Battle City , when Joey and Téa were possessed by  Marik Ishtar  they lured Yugi here. Yugi and Joey were forced to Duel, while strapped to an anchor. Defeating their opponent would release a key to save themselves. After a timer hit zero, the anchor would drag the whatever players are strapped to it into the water to drown. Yugi fights the Duel without  Yami Yugi's  assistance. He manages to snap Joey out of Marik's control, but drops his own Life Points to 0, to save Joey. Joey fully snaps out of Marik's control and forces the Duel into a draw. With seconds left, he swings across to grab Yugi's key. Both players are dragged into the water. Joey unlocks Yugi, saving him, but the key won't work in his own shackle. In the manga,  Seto Kaiba  drops the other key into the water for him to save himself. In the anime, Joey's sister  Serenity  arrives and removes her bandages in time to see what's going on. She grabs Joey's key and dives into the water to save him.
 Yugi tells Yami, how he and Joey, defeated Marik together. Impressed with Yugi's performance, Yami thinks to himself, that he has learned from Yugi, that in kindness lies the greatest strength of all and thinks one day Yugi will surpass him in every way. Joey on the other hand is ashamed of himself for nearly killing his best friend and thinks Serenity shouldn't even look at him.  Mai Valentine  scolds Joey, and slaps him for easily throwing away his pride as a Duelist and Tristan also scolds Joey to stop feeling sorry for himself because Serenity removed her bandages to save his life from drowning. His friends remind him that he's at the pier, where they departed for Duelist Kingdom. It was here where he took his first step to becoming a true Duelist.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 This location reappears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX . After his second Duel with  Sartorius ,  Jaden Yuki  ends up here, where he Duels  Jesse Anderson . Due to a tainted " Polymerization " card, Jaden is hallucinating at this point, and believes Jesse to be  Trueman . After that card falls off the  Duel Disk , he comes to his senses and the Duel is stopped, though Jesse could have won at that point had the Duel continued.
 
 Destiny Board Traveler stage 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler , Domino Pier is an stage which can be unlocked by winning 1 game with  Joey Wheeler . While playing here, "Meteor Strikes" hit random players, lowering their  Life Points .
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Characters 
 Playable 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Rebecca Hawkins 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaibaman 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Grandpa Trusdale 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Bakura 
 Yami Yugi 
 Yugi 
 Background 
 Chopman 
 Crump 
 Dox 
 Gansley 
 Tea Gardner 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Johji 
 Johnson 
 Kemo 
 Leichter 
 Nezbitt 
 Para 
 PaniK 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Creep 
 
 
 Stages 
 Above Tibet 
 Chicago 
 Desert 
 Domino Park 
 Domino Pier 
 Graveyard 
 Inside the Puzzle 
 Kaiba Corp 
 Kaiba Land 
 Mayan Ruins 
 Outer Space 
 Toon World 
 Other 
 Gameplay 
 Promotional cards 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/DMx075_Duel_Setup.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081209014400']
Categories: Locations