Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Alpha_The_Magnet_Warrior


 Alpha The Magnet Warrior 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Battle City 
 1.2   Virtual World 
 1.3   Battle City Finals 
 1.4   Waking the Dragons 
 1.5   Dawn of the Duel 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Scripted Duels 
 4   Video Games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Battle City 
 In  episode 57 ,  Yami Yugi  uses this card during his Duel against  a Rare Hunter . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. On the Duel's last turn, " Summoned Skull " and this card attack simultaneously which increases this card's ATK by 200 during the Damage Step. This card then attacks the Rare Hunter directly, winning Yugi the Duel. 
 In  episode 60 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Arkana . He Normal Summons this card on Defense Position on Duel's first turn. On his next turn, Yugi Tributes this card and " Legion the Fiend Jester " (which Yugi takes control of via " Brain Control ") in order to  Tribute Summon  " Dark Magician ". 
 In  episode 63 , this card appears in a flashback  Joey Wheeler  has when he notes in his mind that a player plays honestly no matter what tricks their opponent uses. 
 In  episode 67 , this card is seen in Yami Yugi's hand during his Duel against  Marik Ishtar  via  Strings . 
 In  episode 72 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Tag Duel with  Seto Kaiba  against  Lumis and Umbra . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks and destroys Lumis's set " Melchid the Four-Face Beast ". In  the next episode , Yugi Tributes this card, " Beta the Magnet Warrior " and " Gamma the Magnet Warrior " in order to Special Summon " Valkyrion the Magna Warrior ". After Lumis and Umbra gain control of "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" via " The Mask of Remnants " and " Masquerade " respectively, Yugi activates " De-Fusion " to return "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" to his Deck and Special Summon the three Magnet Warriors from Yugi's Graveyard to Lumis's and Umbra's side of the field in Attack Position. Kaiba then activates " Soul Exchange " to use the three Magnet Warriors as his own and Tributes this card and the other two Magnet Warriors in order to Tribute Summon " Obelisk the Tormentor ". 
 In  episode 74 , this card appears within some of the small clips that are shown going through a black background before we see a montage of Yami Yugi's Battle City Duels. 
 In  episode 85 , this card can be seen when  Yugi Muto  is rebuilding his Deck. 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 103 , this card appears in a flashback  Téa Gardner  has when she remembers Yugi Muto talking about the effect of " Maha Vailo ". 
 In  episode 111 , this card is shown in Yami Yugi's hand during his Tag Duel with Joey Wheeler against  the Big Five . Later Yugi discards this card from his hand due to " Card Destruction ". 
 In  episode 118 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Noah Kaiba . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Yugi uses this card to attack Noah directly. Later Yugi Tributes this card in order to Tribute Summon " Dark Magician Girl ". 
 Battle City Finals 
 In  episode 129 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against Seto Kaiba. He Normal Summons this card in Defense Position. Kaiba activates "Soul Exchange" to gain this card and Yugi's " Queen's Knight " while Yugi activates " Change of Heart " to control Kaiba's " X-Head Cannon ". Kaiba then activates " Enemy Controller " to regain "X-Head Cannon" to try to use alongside this card and "Queen's Knight" as Tributes but Yugi activates " Lightforce Sword " to banish "Obelisk the Tormentor" from Kaiba's hand for three turns. Later " XY-Dragon Cannon " attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 142 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Marik  retrained by Marik Ishtar. He banishes this card in order to activate " Ragnarok ". This card was then shown as one of the many Monster cards that were used to hold down " The Winged Dragon of Ra ". 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In  episode 145 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Gurimo . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Gurimo then activates " Hidden Soldiers " to Special Summon " Makyura the Destructor " due to this card. Yugi later Tributes this card, "Beta the Magnet Warrior" and "Gamma the Magna Warrior" in order to Special Summon "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior". In  the next episode , Yugi activates the effect of "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" as a Tribute to Special Summon the three Magnet Warriors from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Yugi then activates " Brave Attack " to add up the ATK of this card and the other two Magnet Warriors to attack and destroy "Obelisk the Tormentor" which destroys the three Magnet Warriors due to "Brave Attack" at the Battle Phase's end. 
 In  episode 162 , Yami Yugi draws this card during his Duel against  Weevil Underwood . This card is the fifth card Yugi drew via " Berserker Soul ". Yugi then sends this card to the Graveyard to allow " Breaker the Magical Warrior " to attack Weevil directly again. 
 In  episode 163 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against Yugi Muto. He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks and destroys Yugi's set " Sangan " which activates the effect of "Sangan" to allow Yugi to add a monster card with 1500 or less ATK from his Deck to his hand. Later " Obnoxious Celtic Guardian " (whose ATK is 1900 due to being powered up by "The Seal of Orichalcos") attacks and destroys this card.
 In the same episode, this card is shown in Yugi's hand but discards this card due to "Card Destruction". 
 In  episode 174 , this card appears in a flashback  Rafael  has when he remembers the strategy Yami Yugi used to defeat "Obelisk the Tormentor" under Gurimo's possession. 
 In  episode 175 , this card appears in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he remembers Yugi Muto telling him that he must share the burden of their darkness in order to understand another person's pain. 
 In  episode 182 , Yami Yugi uses this card during his Duel against  Dartz . He uses the effect of " Legendary Knight Hermos " to banish this card, "Beta the Magnet Warrior" and "Gamma the Magnet Warrior" while "Legendary Knight Hermos" and " Legendary Knight Critias " were attacking " Divine Serpent Geh " as part of Yugi's winning strategy. 
 Dawn of the Duel 
 In  episode 222 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against Yami Yugi. He Tributes this card, "Beta The Magnet Warrior" and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" from his hand in order to Special Summon "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior". Later Yugi activates the effect of "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" as a Tribute to Special Summon the three Magnet Warriors from his Graveyard in Attack Position which activates the second mouth effect of " Slifer the Sky Dragon " to which Yugi activates " Magnet Force " to redirect the effect back which decreases the Egyptian God cards' ATK by 2000. Yugi then uses "Silent Swordsman LV0" to attack "Obelisk the Tormentor" but Yami Yugi activates " Mirror Force " to destroy all of Yugi's monster cards. In  the next episode , Yugi activates the effect of "Valkyrion the Magnet Warrior" as a Tribute to Special Summon the three Magnet Warriors from the Graveyard after Yugi activates " Magnet Reverse " to revive "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" which activates the second mouth effect of "Slifer the Sky Dragon" which is redirected and destroys "Obelisk the Tormentor". Yugi then activates "Magna Force" for the three Magnet Warriors in Defense Position to protect from the second mouth effect of "Slifer the Sky Dragon" which is redirected and destroys "Slifer the Sky Dragon" and "The Winged Dragon of Ra". Later " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " attacks and destroys this card. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 In  episode 75 , this card appears in a flashback  Tyranno Hassleberry  has when he recognizes the top of the tower location as the place where Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba had to team up in Tag Team Duel to defeat Lumis and Umbra. 
 In  episode 180 , Yugi Muto uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . He Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks Jaden directly but Jaden banishes " Necro Gardna " from his Graveyard to negate the attack. Jaden's " Elemental Hero Sparkman " then attacks and destroys this card. 
 Scripted Duels 
 In the non-canon Duel  North American WCQ 2011 Special: Yugi vs. Yusei , Yugi Summons this card in Defense Mode on his first turn. It is  destroyed by battle  the next turn by  Yusei Fudo 's " Speed Warrior ". This card has the distinction for being the first card played in a  Scripted Duel . 
 In the non-canon Duel  YCS Providence 2012 Special: Mai, Joey and Yugi vs. Pegasus and Bakura , Yugi draws this card in his first turn against  Yami Bakura . It is later sent to the  Graveyard  to  Fusion Summon  "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior". 
 Video Games 
 Figaro  uses this card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances