Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Trap_Card

Untitled 
 Why does "exceptions" link back to the article it's posted in?  Zeek Aran  01:13, 1 April 2008 (UTC)
 D: So what are the exceptions? I can only think of Dust Tornado, if it works like that.  Zeek Aran  01:34, 1 April 2008 (UTC)
 
 Deactivating Vs. Destroying 
 Hi,
 I was wondering what is the difference in deactivating and destroying spell and trap cards.
 There are some spell cards and trap cards that destroy other spell/trap cards like "Dust Tornado" Does destroying also stop the effects of spell/trap cards?
 Example
 I activate my spell card "Lightning Vortex", but then my opponent plays "Dust Tornado", which its effect is destroy a spell/trap card, does it deactivate my spell card then, meaning I do not discard a card and the face-up monsters on my opponent's side of the field are not destroyed?  —This unsigned comment was made by  70.49.223.227  ( talk  •  contribs )  
 There is a difference between deactivating a spell/trap and destroying it. For example dust tornado mentions in its text:Destroy a spell/trap card your opponent controls whereas dark bribe mentions negate the activation of a spell or trap card and destroy it.So activating dust tornado when your opponent activates lightning vortrex aiming to destroy it, dust tornado destroys lightning vortrex but it's effect still activates because dust tornado does not NEGATE ITS ACTIVATION.However,if you activate dark bribe when your opponent activates lightning vortrex means its effects will not activate,but your opponent still has to pay the cost for activating the card,so he discards a card the monsters are not destroyed and then he draws one card due to the effect of dark bribe.  —This unsigned comment was made by  79.103.68.231  ( talk  •  contribs )  
 
 Member 79.103.68.231 is right, be sure to memorize the game technology, since it's very tricky to know the difference. It's like you try Mystical Space Typhoon the Pot of Greed to try to stop your opponent from drawing 2 then you later realized that it don't stop the effect itself. I am sure that only happening to that of  Destiny Board  and it Spiritual Letter team; if one of them is destroyed, then entire of the team joined the dead one - therefore stop the entire of Destiny Board effect. Just be sure to remember that way. 
 For Cost vs. Effect, some cards that need a cost, such as  Lightning Vortex ,  Magic Jammer , few other are known as cost, no matter if it's destroyed or negated, cost is still working as you must do the discard. It's like you took a bit on poison sandwich, for example, and you realized that it's poison and you dead because you were too late to stop the effect of that rot sandwich from spread in your body. -- F red C at   T.P.  •  F.R.  •  J.R.  23:57, August 16, 2010 (UTC) 
 PINK?! 
 I'm sorry but these are NOT pink, it's a light shade of purple like lavender or magenta, not pink.  Mattwo  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:26, February 25, 2011 (UTC)
 
 Actually, this is a perception based on some early Trap Card prints in the TCG. Some trap cards were distinctly lighter in hue than now.-- TwoTailedFox  ( My Talk Page ) 22:44, March 1, 2013 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: