Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Duel_Dragon


 
 Duel Dragon 
 決闘竜 「 デュエル・ドラゴン 」  ( Dyueru Doragon ) 
 
 
 
 
 Several Duel Dragons confronting the  Ultimate God  alongside the  Priests of Light . 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Volume 5 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Volume 6 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Volume 7 promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Volume 8 promotional card Shining Victories  (TCG, KR only) 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Premium Collection Tin Premium Gold Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series 2014 Prize Card Premium Gold: Return of the Bling High-Speed Riders Shining Victories 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge Maximum Gold: El Dorado Magnificent Mavens 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack 14 Premium Pack 15 The Valuable Book 16 promotional cards Premium Pack 16 Premium Pack 17 20th Legendary Collection Rarity Collection Premium Gold Edition Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.1 Duelist Pack: Duelists of Pyroxene Tournament Pack 2022 Vol.3 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.7 Premium Pack Vol.8 Structure Deck: The Blue-Eyed Dragon's Thundering Descent Special Set Structure Deck: Cyber Dragon Revolution Deluxe Edition Premium Pack Vol.9 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.3 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.4 Structure Deck: Synchron Extreme Special Set Premium Pack Vol.10 Premium Pack Vol.14 1st Wave 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Dragon  ( 決闘竜 ,  Dyueru Doragon ) is a  series  of draconic-like  monsters  used by several key characters in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga . They are said to be cards specifically designed for  Turbo Duel   rituals  in ancient times. Six of the "Duel Dragons" shown are counterparts of the " Signer Dragons " from the  anime , and play a similar role in the manga.
 The "Duel Dragon" cards are ancient cards, who are held by the  Skeleton Knight  and  Rex Goodwin  in the present. They possess a massive dark power, enough to control their own holders if they are unable to tame them. A man who holds a "Duel Dragon" becomes a  Duel Priest , while a woman becomes a  Duel Priestess .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Design 
 3   Abilities 
 4   History 
 5   Members 
 6   References 
 
 
 Etymology 
 In the Japanese version, the names of all "Duel Dragons" have the following composition: "(Adjective 1) (Adjective 2) Dragon - (Name)" with the adjectives and "Dragon" written in kanji and the name in katakana. Some have two adjectives, while some have only one; all  Level  8 "Duel Dragons" have two kanji characters for the adjective(s), and all Level 10 "Duel Dragons" have three. The kanji of each dragon that is based on a "Signer Dragon" from the anime ends in "竜", while the ones original to the manga end with "龍".
 In English, the names of the "Duel Dragons" have the composition "(Name) (Adjective) (Dragon)". Most of the Dragons which have anime counterparts keep the name of their anime counterparts with the addition of an adjective, such as " Stardust Spark Dragon ", the Duel Dragon counterpart of " Stardust Dragon ".
 
 Design 
 The majority of the series are  Dragon   Synchro Monsters  (the exceptions are " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ", which is a  Machine  monster, and " Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon ", which is a  Fusion Monster ). "Duel Dragons" with "Signer Dragon" counterparts display markings that seem to evoke the  Mark of the Dragon  somewhere on their bodies. "Duel Dragons" distributed by Skeleton Knight, as well as Skeleton Knight's and Rex Goodwin's Dragons, do not possess these markings. Both "Power Tool Mecha Dragon" and " Ancient Pixie Dragon ", which resemble their anime counterparts, can be considered  dark counterparts  due to their  DARK   Attributes  and alternate effects.
 The "Duel Dragons" which are "Signer Dragon" counterparts often have a darker color scheme than the original, though " Stardust Spark Dragon " and " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon " only demonstrated this when being used by the  Priest of Light  and  Dark Crow  respectively.  Jack 's " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend " does not appear to exhibit a darker color scheme, but this is difficult to discern due to the natural color of the "Duel Dragon". Both "Power Tool Mecha Dragon" and "Ancient Pixie Dragon" exhibited darker color schemes while  Leo  and  Luna  were possessed by their Dragons' Shadow Miasma; after both Dragons were purified by "Stardust Spark Dragon", they assumed the same color scheme as their original counterparts.
 "Duel Dragons" originating from Skeleton Knight all have 3000 as ATK and/or DEF values. "Void Ogre Dragon" and "Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons" have both 3000 as ATK and DEF, while "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon" has 3000 ATK with 0 DEF. Upon evolving, these "Duel Dragons" increase their ATK to 4000; "Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons" also has 4000 DEF, and "Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon" has 2000 DEF. Rex Goodwin's "Ascension Sky Dragon" also possesses a 3000 value, with 3000 DEF (its ATK is ?).
 
 Abilities 
       Luna  taken over by her Duel Dragon's miasma.     
 "Duel Dragons" possess a strong miasma which causes their owners' personalities to become darker, [1]  or even takes over them. [2]  When this happened to  Kalin ,  Jack  angrily asked if his "Duel Dragon" had eaten his soul, suggesting that Kalin had failed to control the dragon and was instead being controlled. The signs of the strength of the bond with a "Duel Dragon" have many stages; those who have not gained dominion over the dragon properly often have blank eyes and a progressively darker personality, often emitting Shadow Miasma. Further succumbing to the "Duel Dragon" can lead to the skin of the face cracking and/or the whites of the eyes turning black, though all of these symptoms can be removed when purified.
 They also appear to have more occult powers; When attacking  Yusei ,  Leo 's dragon showed him memories from Leo himself, [3]  while when  Sect  got mad at the  Skull Flames , his "Duel Dragon" card's miasma instantly caused them to fall on the ground unconscious. [4]  Furthermore,  Rex Goodwin  was able to pass memories of  Akiza 's past life directly to her mind by just making her have contact with a "Duel Dragon" card. [5]  " Stardust Spark Dragon " was able to show Yusei Fudo its  own  memories when he engaged in a  One-Shot Run  against it. [6] 
 However, the negative influences can be removed when a "Duel Dragon" is purified by another dragon. The only way to sever the link between a "Duel Dragon" and its holder is in a  Duel . It usually happens when another "Duel Dragon" destroys the corrupted dragon, which is first demonstrated when Jack's " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend " clashed with Kalin's " Void Ogre Dragon ". Kalin's Shadow Miasma was removed, and he returned to his original personality. Yusei Fudo's "Stardust Spark Dragon" later destroyed both "Power Tool Mecha Dragon" and "Ancient Pixie Dragon", freeing first Leo, and then  Luna . Yusei would theorize that destroying " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons " with "Stardust" would free Sect Injuin" from the "Duel Dragon", which was later proven to be true when he destroyed its  upgraded form . [7] 
 
 History 
       Duel Priestess  Ish Kiq Goodwin   Dueling  a  Duel Priest     
 According to  Rex Goodwin , since ancient times,  Turbo Dueling  has been a  ritual  designed to fight and seal  the darkness , and that the "Duel Dragons" were specifically designed for such rituals. In the past, they were fought on horseback. He says they are cards which sealed the dragonic power of the priests who controlled them, and adds that controlling or being controlled by that power depends on the strength of the Duelist's mentality. Because of that, he organized the  D1GP  in order to gather Duelists with strong mentality in order to control the "Duel Dragons", and according to him, save the world from  Skeleton Knight . [8]  However, his true intentions were later revealed to be reviving and controlling the Ultimate God through the Ritual, to which he needed strong  Duel Priests  and  Priestesses . Five dragons (" Stardust Spark Dragon ", " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend ", " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon ", " Ancient Pixie Dragon " and " Power Tool Mecha Dragon ") belonged to  Priests of Light  in the past, plus " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon ", who belonged to a Duel Priestess. They were passed to new Priests and Priestess in the present by Rex and the Skeleton Knight, reviving the ancient ritual. [9] 
 
       A blank "Duel Dragon" card     
 Usually, the "Duel Dragons" cards are  blank , and only take form after obtaining a holder. Rex Goodwin and the Skeleton Knight seem to possess all of the "Duel Dragon" cards in the present, and distribute them to powerful Duelists, which they choose through several methods. Some include:
 
 Sect Ijuin  obtained his " Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons " personally from the Skeleton Knight via an oath, [10]  in exchange of his services. [5] 
 Yusei Fudo had to undergo a ritual involving the Dragon's original owner in order to obtain it. It was placed by Rex in a  Duel Zodiac . [6] 
 Jack Atlas  obtained a blank "Duel Dragon" personally from Rex, which took form right after being held by him, after defeating  Kalin Kessler  and being recognized as the  V.S.S.L. 's strongest Duelist. [11] 
 When  Crow Hogan  passed by a blank "Duel Dragon" card, the card's black aura took form of a  dark version of himself , and if Crow defeated it, he'd obtain the Dragon, which he was able to accomplish. It was placed by Rex in a Duel Zodiac. [12] 
 Akiza Izinski  received a blank "Duel Dragon" personally from Rex so that she could become the  Duel Priestess  and participate in the ritual to revive the  Ultimate God . [5] 
 Leo  got his "Duel Dragon" from  Lazar , under Rex's orders, after he got beaten up by people for losing Duels and making them lose money when they had placed their bets on him. [13] 
 Kalin performed an oath and received his "Duel Dragon" from the Skeleton Knight. [14] 
 Although how she obtained her "Duel Dragon" has not been specified,  Luna  most likely obtained hers from Rex. 
         " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon " and " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend " with the  Ultimate God 's curse     
 After Rex obtains the Ultimate God's power, he claims that all cards, including the "Duel Dragon" cards, were born from the Ultimate God, who is their master. With the Ultimate God's power, Rex gains control of the "Duel Dragons" of all Duel Priests and Priestesses, making their cards turn blank. [15]  However, their prayers ultimately awakens the dragons' souls and release them from the Ultimate God's control, allowing Yusei to use them for their real purpose: to seal the Ultimate God and save the world from its darkness. [9] 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Base Duel Dragon
 
 Upgraded Duel Dragon(s)
 
 Current Owner
 
 Previous Owner(s)
 
 Counterpart
 
 
 Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon 
 
 Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon 
 
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 Skeleton Knight 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Ascension Sky Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Rex Goodwin
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 
 Void Ogre Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 Skeleton Knight
 
 N/A
 
 
 Power Tool Mecha Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Leo 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priest Rex Goodwin
 
 Power Tool Dragon 
 
 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Luna 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priest Rex Goodwin
 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 
 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend 
 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priest Rex Goodwin
 
 Red Dragon Archfiend 
 
 
 Stardust Spark Dragon 
 
 Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priest Rex Goodwin
 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priest Rex Goodwin
 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 
 
 Black Rose Moonlight Dragon 
 
 N/A
 
 Akiza Izinski 
 
 Unnamed Duel Priestess Rex Goodwin
 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 
 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 
 Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons 
 
 Rex Goodwin
 
 Skeleton Knight Sect Ijuin 
 
 N/A
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 23: " Twin Duelists!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 32: " Zero Battle!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 24: " Equip Vs. Equip!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 17: " Omens!! " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 40: " The Festival of Duality!! " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 30: " The Ancient Duel Arena!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 56: " Beyond the Flash...!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 26: " Premonition of a Fierce Fight...!! " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 62: " Prayers!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 8: " One-Shot Run " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 31: " Jewel Flare Dragon Stardust!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 35: " The Battle for the Duel Zodiacs!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 25: " Sense Upon Sense...!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 33: " Duel Dragon vs. Duel Dragon!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 58: " Awakening!! " 
 
 
   
" Duel Dragon " 「 決闘竜 」 Members 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon Ascension Sky Dragon Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons Black Rose Moonlight Dragon Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon Duel Link Dragon, the Duel Dragon Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane Hot Red Dragon Archfiend King Calamity Power Tool Mecha Dragon Stardust Chronicle Spark Dragon Stardust Sifr Divine Dragon Stardust Spark Dragon Void Ogre Dragon 
 Related 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon Black Rose Dragon Black-Winged Dragon Dark Soul Token Duel Dragon Token Phantasmal Lord Ultimitl Bishbaalkin Power Tool Dragon Red Dragon Archfiend Stardust Dragon Ultimaya Tzolkin 
 
 v e 
" Duel Dragon " 「 決闘竜 」 m   Members 
 Ancient Pixie Dragon Archfiend Dragon Beelze Ascension Sky Dragon Beelzeus of the Diabolic Dragons Blackwing Dragon Black Feather Jeweled Red Dragon Archfiend Moonlight Dragon Black Rose Power Tool Mecha Dragon Stardust Spark Dragon Underworld Dragon Dragonecro Underworld Flood Dragon Dragocutos Void Ogre Dragon 
 Support 
 Enshrined Duality Flight of the Duel Dragons Gathering Light Ultimate God Ultimaya Tzolkin 
 Related 
 Divine Spark Dragon Stardust Sifr Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss Red Dragon Archfiend Burial Red Dragon King Red Dragon Calamity Red Supremacy Ultimate Phantasm God Ultimitl Bishbaalkin 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/Duel_Dragon_Cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141008162454', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Ruka%27s_miasma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140122210212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Ix_dueling.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131023231045', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/MarkoftheDragon-JP-Manga-5D.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/130?cb=20120629172745', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Cursed_Duel_Dragons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141008163624']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)