Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_097


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 097 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya summons Nirvana High Paladin. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 気高 き 超魔導剣士 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kedakaki Chōmadōkenshi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Sublime Super Paladin 
 
 
 English 
 Making it Mine 
 
 
 Number 
 097 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 20, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 30, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Director 
 Yoshihide Yuzumi 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Ryuta Yamamoto 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Teruhiko Yamazaki Hwang Young Sik Mizuki Sato 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Imitation " 
 " Friendship Finale " 
 
 
 
 
 " Making it Mine ", known as  "The Sublime Super Paladin"  in the Japanese version, is the ninety-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 20, 2016 and in Australia on November 30, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on March 14, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu (US) in January 2018. 
 As the chaos in  New Domino City  escalates, the leader of the  Lancers ,  Declan  finally makes his own move! At the same time,  Jack  easily fends off the  Duel Chasers , and drives  Yuya  into a corner. On the other hand, Yuya uses his own Dueling in order to respond to Jack!! As their souls push the Duel to a new height, a  new monster  was awakened…!!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Jack Atlas 
 3   Differences in Adaptation 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
       The  Duel Chasers  are defeated with ease by  Jack .     
 Jack  activates the effect of " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", destroying all  Special Summoned  monsters his opponent controls with equal or less ATK than "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend". "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" destroys the fifteen " Goyo Emperors " with " Absolute Powerflame " in addition to  Yuya 's " Timebreaker Magician " and " Performapal Radish Horse " with a massive blast of flames that sends the five  Duel Chasers  and their  Duel Runners  flying as they all fall from 4000  LP  to zero. Then the flames approach Yuya as well and he disappears behind a climb of smoke as Jack explains that the effect of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" will also inflict 500 points of damage for each monster that it destroyed with its effect. As  Melissa 's helicopter flies over the cloud of smoke, Melissa notes that seventeen monsters were destroyed by the effect of "Red Dragon", so that means that it will have inflicted 8500 points of damage (in the dub, Jack says he was disappointed, and Melissa simply states that it's over for Yuya).  Frank  cries Yuya's name and  Tarren  asks if Yuya got taken out too.  Amanda  whispers, "No way!" But  Gong  replies that Yuya hasn't lost yet and Yuya drives out of the cloud of smoke, having activated the Action Spell " Acceleration ", which he explains negated the  effect damage . Melissa cries that Yuya made it out by the skin of his teeth. The  Commons  kids cheer that Yuya made it, and  Chojiro , with his arm out of his sleeve, comments that Yuya got them all worried for nothing.  Shay  notes that it's too early to be at ease. 
 Jack warns Yuya that he won't escape merely by avoiding the effect and he powerslides before declaring his  Battle Phase , attacking Yuya directly with "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's" "Scorching Crimson Hell Burning (Molten Crimson Flare in the dub)". "Red Dragon's" scars glow and it breathes a plume of flames at Yuya. Melissa cries that Jack is continuing his assault as Yuya reaches for an  Action Card , but the attack hits before he can activate it and reduces his LP to 1000. Shrugging off the attack, Yuya activates the Action Spell " Damage Draw ", drawing two cards since he took over 2000 battle damage. Jack notes that Yuya managed to hang on, but drawing cards blindly won't help him. He  Sets  a card and ends his turn. Melissa observes that Jack isn't even letting the  Director  of  Sector Security  interfere in the Duel and states that you can feel Jack's passionate will in how he plays (in the dub, she praises Jack as the town's hero). 
 
       Sora  and  Moon Shadow  vs. the  Stomptroopers .     
 Watching the Duel in his office, Roget rises from his chair, slams his fists down and he roars, "SHUT UP! ("Jack will PAY!" in the dub)" at the oblivious Melissa. One of his staff contacts him and Roget angrily asks what now. She explains that they have an unexpected problem; Duelists that they believe to be  Lancers  have snuck into the base and are currently in combat with their Sector Security force. Roget is horrified and gasps, "What?!"  Sora  attacks a " Goyo Defender " with " Frightfur Chimera ", while  Moon Shadow  attacks a " Goyo Predator " with " Twilight Ninja Shogun - Getsuga  (in the dub, they also have a competition about how many Stomptroopers they can knock down)". Both monsters are destroyed and the two  Stomptroopers  that were controlling them fall to the ground in defeat, but dozens more are stepping forwards to take their place. Sora observes that the Stomptroopers don't even flinch at the sight of their members beaten in one turn and Moon explains that they have no emotions as he looks at the face of one of the Stomptroopers, musing that they have obviously been brainwashed by Roget. Sora realizes that in order to save  Zuzu , and Moon finishes that they have to remove the brainwashing from Sector Security. 
 Yuya and Jack drive down a rise an onto a level road section as Melissa declares that Yuya is still holding on after taking huge damage, but when Yuya doesn't make his move, Melissa asks what is wrong and reminds Yuya that it's his draw. Yuya and Jack enter a tunnel and Yuya thinks that he's made it this far trying his best to make  his father's  Dueling his own. He remembers Jack telling him to quit speaking with words that Yuya borrowed from others; if Yuya wanted to speak to Jack then he had to speak to him with his own words in his own Duel. Yuya thinks that he had believed that his father's Dueltaining was the greatest. Jack asks Yuya what's wrong; is he just going to remain playing through the dreams of his father? If Yuya has lost the will to actually fight, then he should surrender and leave, does he believe that he can Duel while he's daydreaming? Yuya grits his teeth and he replies that he won't ever surrender. He thinks that if he ran away he'd be denying his father's Dueling. For now, he just needs to Duel with all he's got. He declares his turn and he draws " Tuning Magician ". Accelerating to catch up to Jack, Yuya  Pendulum Summons  using his already-Set  Pendulum Scale ; telling his monsters to revive from his  Extra Deck ; "Timebreaker Magician" and "Performapal Radish Horse". Then he  Normal Summons  "Tuning Magician", prompting  Sam  to say his and Jack's former card's name. Jack doesn't react as Yuya explains that when "Tuning Magician" is Normal Summoned he restores 400 LP to his opponent and he takes 400 damage himself. "Tuning Magician" cheerfully radiates harmonic waves from her staff, reducing Yuya to 600 LP and increasing Jack to 4400 LP. Yuya explains that when his opponent gains LP he can Special Summon "Performapal Life Swordsman" from his hand, who then gains  ATK  equal to the restored LP; rising to 400 ATK. Then he activates the effect of "Radish Horse", reducing the ATK of one of his opponent's Special Summoned monsters with 2500 or more ATK by that of "Radish Horse". "Radish Horse" fires its radish horn into the air and it explodes, reducing the ATK of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" to 2500 and then it also increases the ATK of a monster that Yuya controls by the same value. Yuya chooses to increase the ATK of "Life Swordsman", which rises to 900 ATK.
 
       The  effect  of " Red Gem " protects " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ".     
 Yuya reiterates that Jack claimed that Yuya hadn't grown at all, not one bit since Jack defeated him in their exhibition match. Jack looks back as Yuya explains that with the card that Sam entrusted him, "Tuning Magician", he's come to understand  this dimension 's  Summoning method . Jack tells Yuya to show him if that power that he has obtained has made him worthy to stand in front of the King ("Master of Faster" in the dub). Yuya responds by  tuning  his  Level 4  "Radish Horse" and  Level 3  "Timebreaker Magician" with his  Level 1  "Tuning Magician". He  chants , "Hero's blade that sets forth unyielding light! Now, awaken with a flash! Synchro Summon! Appear now!  Level 8 !  Enlightenment Paladin ! ("I Synchro Summon! Welcome to the battlefield, Enlightenment Paladin!" in the dub)" Sam observes that it's the  Synchro Monster  that Yuya used to teach him that there are no useless cards. Yuya activates the effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" to add the  Spell Card : " Smile World " from his  Graveyard  to his hand. He holds up the "Smile World" card and he admits that he's thankful that Jack gave him the gift of Synchro Summoning, but Yuya will not abandon his father's Dueling (in the dub, he adds that it's the key to Jack's defeat). He  Tributes  "Life Swordsman" to increase the ATK of "Enlightenment Paladin" by its ATK until the  End Phase . "Enlightenment Paladin" rises to 3400 ATK and Yuya attacks "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" with "Enlightenment Paladin". Jack activates a  Trap Card , " Red Gem ", preventing all " Red " monsters from being destroyed this turn. A red gem with internal flames appears and a barrier of fire blocks the strike of "Enlightenment Paladin. Melissa notes that Jack took damage as his LP falls to 3500, but he protected his symbol, "Red Dragon". She cheers that this is what you call a King's Duel (in the dub, that last part is replaced by her saying Yuya's kicking himself for not pulling off his strategy). Yuya curses and he ends his turn, and the ATK of both "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" and "Enlightenment Paladin" return to normal.  Sylvio  notes that Jack is certainly a tough nut to crack and Gong observes that Jack defied Yuya's father's Dueltaining and the Synchro Monster that was Summoned by Jack's own card and he asks if Yuya has another plan ready. Yuya admits to himself that "Tuning Magician" was something else that he borrowed and he wonders what his own Dueling is (in the dub, he thinks that he's a chump compared to his dad). 
 Jack scoffs that "Enlightenment Paladin" doesn't deserve its title and he states that Yuya has no other choice but to kneel in front of the King (in the dub, he tells Yuya that his Dueltaining is nothing compared to his father's, whom Yuya still continues to copy). He declares his turn and draws, and then he activates the effect of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" to destroy all Special Summoned monsters with 3000 or less ATK. "Red Dragon" gathers the flames around its cast again and releases the fire from its fist with "Absolute Powerflame ("Ruthless Inferno" in the dub)". Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of " Performapal Bubblebowwow ", destroying it to negate the destruction effect of "Red Dragon". "Bubblebowwow" explodes and releases pink bubbles that surround and protect "Enlightenment Paladin" and Melissa cheers that Yuya protected his own monster. Jack turns the Phoenix Whirlwind around and he declares that he'll battle instead, attacking "Enlightenment Paladin" with "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's" "Scorching Crimson Hell Burning ("Molten Crimson Flare" in the dub)" attack. "Red Dragon" breathes a plume of flames and Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of " Performapal Gumgumouton "; preventing a monster he controls from being destroyed by battle once per turn. Green wool grows from "Gumgumouton" and protects "Enlightenment Paladin". Jack reminds Yuya that he will take the battle damage and Yuya's LP falls to 100. Melissa exclaims that Yuya's LP has finally hit 100. Jack turns back around and he Sets a card to end his turn. He notes that Yuya held on with Pendulum effects and states, "If only that served as a way for you to surpass yourself! (in the dub, he tells Yuya his last move was the most original thing he's ever done)" 
 
         Sora ,  Moon Shadow  and " Getsuga " in the main control room.     
 In a control from at the Sector Security headquarters, the doors suddenly explode inward and Moon and "Getsuga" burst in and subdue the personal. Moon sheathes his katana and he tells them not to worry; Moon has not taken any of their lives. Sora enters the room on one of "Frightfur Chimera's" heads and he notes that this is definitely the main control system. Moon nods and he activates a Spell Card, " Fire Release Technique ". In her cell, Zuzu hears the alarms and she wonders if the rioting Commons have even made it here. Roget screams at his staff and asks what they are doing, ordering them to hurry up and apprehend the intruders with as many personal as necessary. His staff protests that their command over multiple groups has been disrupted and they are all acting out of order. Roget is shocked and he realizes that the Lancers went after the control system. In the streets, multiple Sector Security officers come to and wonder what they are doing. The Commons don't notice or care about the change and they yell that they'll crush them. Flying over a riot, Melissa notes that during Jack and Yuya's heated Duel, Commons have started to overwhelm Sector Security throughout  New Domino City . Sector Security officers turn and flee from the riots, and Melissa tries to get the Commons to quit rioting and focus on the Duel. 
 
         The  Lancers  move out to stop the  Commons  rioting throughout the city.     
 Declan  rises from his chair and notes that if this keeps up the Commons riots will only escalate, before ordering the Lancers to follow him. Frank asks if Declan is going to take out the Commons and Tarren asks if this will include  Crow  and  Shinji , while Amanda begs them not to. Shay follows Declan and Sylvio stops to reassure them that even if they are strong, the Lancers won't go as far as to suppress the Commons with brute force (in the dub, Sylvio suggests a selfie when this is over). Gong explains that they're going out to stop them from fighting and  Riley  determinedly explains that that's what they came here for; not just to end fighting in New Domino City, but across all dimensions. The kids are all surprised to see Riley's confidence and Riley looks up at Yuya on a screen, stating that even Yuya is trying his hardest to bring smiles to everyone. He smiles at the kids and he tells them that he wants them to watch this; their fight to bring peace back to this world. Chojiro observes that it seems like the Lancers might be New Domino City's saviors and he suggests to the four kids that they watch and see what lies in store for New Domino City and this world's future. 
 As they drive down the highway, Yuya remembers Jack stating that Yuya held on with Pendulum effects and lamenting that, "If only that served as a way for you to surpass yourself!" Yuya muses on the possibility of using Pendulum to surpass himself. Then he remembers  his Duel with   Skip Boyle , who told him that as the first one to open the door called Pendulum Summoning, Yuya needed to set an example for those who follow. Yuya realizes that that's right – he was the first person to perform a Pendulum Summon.  His pendant  swings as he declares that Pendulum Summoning isn't something that he borrowed from anyone else and his pendant glows beneath his Turbo suit as he declares that those are his own words. The pendant swings in his mind's eye and church bells toll as he beholds  a cloaked figure  and he gasps. He tells Jack that he sees his own words now and Jack tells him to shout those words out loudly; what Yuya's own Dueling is (in the dub, he tells Yuya to get on with it and not disappoint him). 
 Yuya declares his turn and he draws, then he re-Sets the already Set Scale 1 "Performapal Gumgumouton" with the Scale 3 " Xiangke Magician ", allowing him to simultaneously Summon  Level 2 monsters . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether! Pendulum Summon! Appear now!  Performapal Cheermole ! ("Swing far, Pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My Monsters are ready to swing into action! Let's hear it for Performapal Cheermole!" in the dub)" He tells the figure to wait; Yuya will call him right now.
 
         " Nirvana High Paladin " attacks " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ".     
 He declares that he is tuning the Level 2 "Cheermole" with the Level 8 "Enlightenment Paladin". Jack is shocked, protesting that "Enlightenment Paladin" is not a  Tuner monster . Yuya explains that there is a Synchro Monster that can be Synchro Summoned by Tributing a Pendulum Summoned Pendulum Monster and a Synchro Monster as he removes a card from his Extra Deck – a Synchro-Pendulum Monster (this name isn't used in the dub), "Nirvana High Paladin". Jack is truly floored and Yuya chants, "From the peaceful depths of time, release your light throughout this world and revive! Synchro Summon! Appear now!  Level 10 ! Sublime super paladin, Nirvana High Paladin! ("I Synchro Summon Nirvana High Paladin!" in the dub) "Nirvana High Paladin" appears with 3300 ATK and a circular rainbow appears behind it. Jack gasps and Melissa narrates that Yuya surprisingly not only Pendulum Summoned, but he also Synchro Summoned without a Tuner monster. Jack smiles and he comments that Yuya is truly interesting. Yuya attacks "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" with "Nirvana High Paladin". "Nirvana High Paladin" extends the tip of its greatsword and a twister of green and purple light extends past the blade as it attacks with "Truth Sukhavati ("Elysium Elimination" in the dub)". 
 Smoke extends down the highway and Jack falls to 3200 LP. He activates a  Continuous Trap Card , " King Scarlet ", which prevents the destruction of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" and the Special Summons itself as a Tuner  monster . "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" swoops out of the smoke and a flaming sigil appears on the field. Melissa states that this is another surprise; Jack managed to negate the destruction and then Special Summon a Trap Card as a Tuner monster (this is cut from the dub). Yuya ends his turn. Frank and Tarren gasp that Yuya and Jack are amazing and Amanda cries that they take a hit and send another one back. Chojiro states that it's a fierce clashing of their strongest weapons. The  Topsiders  comment that it's as expected of the finals, while the Commons cheer that they can't stop watching this. 
 
         Jack's   Phoenix Whirlwind  is covered in crimson light.     
 Jack remarks that it looks like Yuya's finally truly started speaking with his own words (in the dub, Jack adds that it's too late). He veers off into a blocked-off side lane and he declares that he shall answer Yuya with his own Dueling. He bursts through the barrier and Yuya, still on the main road, calls out to Jack. Jack declares his turn and he draws, then he Summons the Tuner monster " Mirror Resonator ". Yuya observes that Jack has two Tuner monsters and Melissa asks what Jack will do, but then she sees that Jack's path ends in a sheer drop and she cries that there's nowhere left for the King to go. Yuya cries Jack's name again, but Jack is unworried;  flames glow in his eyes  as he declares that he will make his own path. He tells Yuya to listen to the roar of his soul and extends his Duel Runner control handles in a similar manner to how Crow did when flying on the  Blackbird . Slats open on the side of his Duel Runner as Jack asks if Yuya can feel his life's energy. He tells him to bear witness; this is his Dueling and the Phoenix Whirlwind becomes cloaked in crimson light as Jack declares that this is the cry of a ruler who searches for a challenge without end. He roars off the edge and Melissa gasps that Jack is flying (this part after Jack declares he will make his own path is cut from the dub). 
 
         The " Crimson Dragon "  appears during " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend's "  summon chant .     
 Jack declares that he is  Double Tuning  the Level 8 "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" with the Level 1 "Mirror Resonator" and "King Scarlet". The announcement shocks everyone, and Yuya is shocked at the idea of Double Tuning. The two Tuner monsters erupt into flaming rings and surround "Red Dragon" as Jack chants, "The King and devil now cross here! Call upon the soul of the  Crimson Dragon , and raise the roar of creation itself!" As he chants, the Crimson Dragon flies behind "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" and a plume of fire rather than a line of light spears down the tuning rings. Jack chants, "Synchro Summon! Appear now! Level 10!  Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ! ((Dub) "Together, these Monsters will call forth an absolute power destined to rule this Duel! Now I Synchro Summon! Bow down and tremble in terror before  Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend !")", "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" appears with 3500 ATK as Jack lands on the other side of the gap. Melissa cries that Jack's symbol has been powered up by Double Tuning. The Commons cheer that Jack is amazing and the Topsiders gasp that this is the power of the King. Sam observes that Jack is still evolving and Chojiro theorizes that being the Duel King isn't the top for Jack. What comes off as arrogance on Jack's part is probably because there wasn't an opponent that could push him higher, and now Yuya has finally appeared. Jack accelerates ahead of Yuya and he swivels around to activate the effect of "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend"; once per turn it can destroy all other cards on the field. "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" slams its palm into the ground and unleashes a wave of fire with "Absolute Power Inferno" destroying "Nirvana High Paladin" and "Xiangke Magician" and "Gumgumouton" in the  Pendulum Zones . Melissa is shocked that Jack could destroy everything, even Pendulum Cards. 
 
         " Nirvana High Paladin " is Set in the  Pendulum Zone  due to its  effect .     
 Yuya activates the effect of "Nirvana High Paladin" since it was destroyed; allowing him to Set it in a Pendulum Zone. "Nirvana High Paladin" rises from a rainbow square to take its place in a Pendulum Zone. 
 
         " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " attacks  Yuya  directly.     
 Jack declares his Battle Phase and attacks directly with "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend". "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" glows with flame and breathes a tide of flame as it attacks with "Infernal Crimson Hell Tide ("Molten Crimson Tide" in the dub)". Yuya quickly grabs an Action Card and he activates the Action Spell " Evasion " to negate the attack. But Jack activates another effect of "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" is it is attacking, negating the activation of a Spell Card and destroying it, then increasing its ATK by 500. "Tyrant" rises to 4000 ATK. Yuya activates the effect of " Acrobatic Magician " in response since a Spell Card was negated, Special Summoning it from his hand in  Defense Position . Jack simply attacks "Acrobat Magician" with "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" and destroys it. Yuya explains that the destroyed "Acrobat Magician" will also be Set in a Pendulum Zone after being destroyed, and his Duel Disk spells out the rainbow colored "PENDULUM". Jack swivels back to the front and he asks if Yuya was even prepared for that much. He Sets a card and he ends his turn. 
 
         Jack  explains to  Yuya  that Dueling is a conversation with the opponent.     
 Yuya races up beside Jack and he freely admits that he didn't plan for it at all; he only did all that he was capable of. Jack smiles and states that in that case it's even more interesting; Yuya has just now started to communicate his own will. "My own will? ("creating his own path" in the dub)" Yuya asks. Jack states that that's right, and he explains that Dueling is a conversation with the opponent. The words Yuya uses there can be ones learned from someone else, a statement that causes Yuya to gasp. Jack stresses the point that what's important is that Yuya use those properly to convey his own will to his opponent ("combining two skills into one" in the dub). That is the true meaning of a Duel. Yuya muses on using the words of others to convey his own will, and he admits to himself that the first person who taught him the words that he uses in Dueling was his father. But he didn't just learn from his father, Principal Boyle,  his mother , Gong, Zuzu,  from   everyone  Yuya has fought this far. Then he gasps as he remembers Jack stating that the true King must always carry the feelings of those who were defeated with him and Yuya realizes that whether he lost or won Dueling has been what made him who he is. The Dueling that he's had up until now isn't something that he's made alone.
 
         Gong  and  Sylvio  block the  Commons'  path.     
 As Gong and Sylvio block off a mob of Commons from Sector Security officers with " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", " Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter ", " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian ", " Abyss Actor - Leading Lady " and " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie ", Yuya thinks that everyone was there. Shay swoops in from " Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle " to drop in between Crow and Shinji,  Damon , and  Tony . Yuya thinks that it was because everyone was there that he was able to make it this far as Sora and Moon open the door to Zuzu's cell. Zuzu smiles happily as Yuya thinks that even though he was the first to Pendulum Summon it wouldn't have made it this far on his power alone. Meanwhile, Declan and Riley stand outside the Sector Security Headquarters. 
 
         Yuya   Pendulum Summons  five  monsters  at once.     
 Yuya tells Jack that he truly gets what a Dueling that isn't borrowed or conceited is now (in the dub, he also thinks about the fate of New Domino). He declares his turn and he draws " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". He explains that since he already has the Scale 2 "Acrobat Magician" and the Scale 8 "Nirvana High Paladin" in his Pendulum Zones he is allowed to simultaneously Summon monsters from  Levels  3 to  7 . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the ether! Pendulum Summon! Appear now, my monsters! ("Swing far, Pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My Monsters are ready to swing into action!" in the dub)" Five streaks of light emerge from the portal and swirl over Yuya before colliding and descending in a twister of light, revealing "Performapal Gumgumouton", "Performapal Bubblebowwow", "Performapal Radish Horse", "Timebreaker Magician" and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon", all in  Attack Position . Jack and Melissa are shocked that Yuya could simultaneously Summon  five  monsters and Chojiro and the kids cheer the move. The Topsiders and the Commons are awestruck and Yuya declares that he's fighting alongside everyone (in the dub, he declares that the best is yet to come).
 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Jack Atlas 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 4: Jack 
 Jack  just  activated  the  effect  of " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", letting him  destroy  all other  Special Summoned   monsters  on the  field  with  ATK  less than or equal to its own and inflict  damage  to his opponents equal to the number of destroyed monsters times 500. Fifteen " Goyo Emperors ", " Performapal Radish Horse " and " Timebreaker Magician " are destroyed, inflicting 8500 damage to all opponents (Duel Chasers x5: 4000 → 0 LP).  Yuya  finds and activates the Action Card " Acceleration ", reducing the effect damage to 0. "Scarlight"  attacks   directly . Yuya finds an Action Card (Yuya: 4000 → 1000 LP). Yuya activates the Action Card " Damage Draw ", allowing him to  draw  two cards since he took more than 2000 damage. Jack  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Tuning Magician ". Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Timebreaker Magician" (1400/0) and "Radish Horse" (500/2000) from his  Extra Deck  in  Attack Position . He  Normal Summons  "Tuning Magician" (0/0). The effect of "Tuning Magician" activates, increasing Jack's  LP  by 400 and inflicting 400 damage to Yuya (Jack: 4000 → 4400 LP, Yuya 1000 → 600 LP). As Jack's LP increased, Yuya  Special Summons  " Performapal Life Swordsman " (0/0) in Attack Position via its own effect. It gains ATK equal to the LP Jack gained via its own effect (0 → 400). Yuya then activates the effect of "Radish Horse", which lets him decrease the ATK of a monster with 2500 or more ATK by 500 and increase the ATK of another by the same amount until the  End Phase . He targets "Scarlight" and "Life Swordsman" ("Scarlight": 3000 → 2500, "Life Swordsman": 400 → 900). Yuya  tunes  the  Level  4 "Radish Horse" and Level 3 "Timebreaker Magician" with the Level 1  Tuner monster  "Tuning Magician" to  Synchro Summon  " Enlightenment Paladin " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. The effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" activates as it was Synchro Summoned using a " Magician " monster, letting Yuya add a  Spell Card  from his  Graveyard  to his hand. Yuya adds " Smile World " from his Graveyard. Yuya activates the other effect of "Life Swordsman",  Tributing  it to increase the ATK of a monster he controls equal to the ATK of "Life Swordsman" until the  End Phase . He targets "Enlightenment Paladin" (2500 → 3400). "Enlightenment Paladin" attacks "Scarlight", but Jack activates his face-down " Red Gem ", preventing "Red" monsters from being destroyed this  turn  (Jack: 4400 → 3500 LP).
 Turn 6: Jack 
Jack activates the effect of "Scarlight", letting him destroy all other Special Summoned monsters on the field with ATK less than or equal to its own and inflict damage to his opponent equal to the number of destroyed monsters times 500. Yuya activates the  Pendulum Effect  of " Performapal Bubblebowwow ", letting him destroy it to prevent the destruction of a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck besides a  Pendulum Monster . "Scarlight" attacks "Enlightenment Paladin", but Yuya activates the Pendulum Effect of " Performapal Gumgumouton " to prevent the destruction of a monster  by battle  (Yuya: 600 → 100 LP). Jack Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Performapal Cheermole ". Yuya activates " Xiangke Magician " (   3) in his left  Pendulum Zone . Yuya Pendulum Summons "Cheermole" (600/1000). He then  Tributes  the Pendulum Summoned "Cheermole" and "Enlightenment Paladin" to Synchro Summon " Nirvana High Paladin " (3300/2500) via its own effect in Attack Position. "Nirvana High" attacks "Scarlight", but Jack activates his face-down " King Scarlet ", preventing the destruction of "Scarlight" and Special Summoning "King Scarlet" (0/0)  as a monster  in  Defense Position  (Jack: 3500 → 3200 LP).
 Turn 8: Jack 
Jack Normal Summons " Mirror Resonator " (0/0). Jack  Double Tunes  the Level 8 "Scarlight" with the Level 1 Tuner monster "King Scarlet" and the Level 1 Tuner monster "Mirror Resonator" to Synchro Summon " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " (3500/3000) in Attack Position. Jack activates its effect, destroying all other cards on the field. "Nirvana High", "Gumgumouton" and "Xiangke" are destroyed. The effect of "Nirvana High" activates, placing itself (   8) in Yuya's left Pendulum Zone since it was destroyed. "Tyrant" attacks directly, but Yuya finds and subsequently activates the Action Card " Evasion " to  negate  the attack. Jack activates the other effect of "Tyrant" to negate a Spell or  Trap Card  that was activated when it was attacking and destroy it, then gain 500 ATK (3500 → 4000). As the effect of a Spell Card was negated, Yuya Special Summons " Acrobatic Magician " (800/2300) from his hand in Defense Position. A  replay  occurs and "Tyrant" attacks and destroys "Acrobat". The effect of "Acrobat" activates as it was destroyed, allowing Yuya to place it (   2) in his right Pendulum Zone. Jack Sets a card.
 Turn 9: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Yuya Pendulum Summons "Bubblebowwow" (2300/1000), "Radish Horse" (500/2000), "Gumgumouton" (900/2400), and "Timebreaker" (1400/0) from his Extra Deck, and "Odd-Eyes" (2500/2000) from his hand, all in Attack Position.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Differences in Adaptation 
 In the dub, background music from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  is being played throughout the Duel between Yuya and Jack. 
 Mistakes 
         "Mirror Resonator" in the center before it was Summoned.     
 When  Jack  drives through the barricade, " Mirror Resonator " is shown above him with his other  monsters , directly before he actually Summons it. 
 In the dub, Yuya refers to " Enlightenment Paladin " as "Elemental Paladin" twice. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Life Swordsman 
 Tuner monsters 
 Tuning Magician 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Acrobatic Magician 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Bubblebowwow 
 Performapal Cheermole 
 Performapal Gumgumouton 
 Performapal Radish Horse 
 Timebreaker Magician 
 Xiangke Magician Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Enlightenment Paladin 
 Nirvana High Paladin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Smile World 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Mirror Resonator Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 King Scarlet 
 Red Gem 
 
 Lancers Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Abyss Actor - Leading Lady 
 Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fire Release Technique 
 
 Sora Perse Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Chimera 
 
 Sector Security Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Defender 
 Goyo Guardian  x3 
 Goyo Predator 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acceleration 
 Damage Draw 
 Evasion 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guts Master Fire 
 Performapal Sky Magician 
 Performapal Spikeagle 
 Performapal Stamp Turtle 
 Road Raven Red Queen 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpter Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Sabre-Tooth Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Acrobatic Circus 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 Fortuneterror 
 Heat up Sound 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 Plain Plain 
 Prediction Ritual 
 Showtime Street 
 Sunset Stronghold 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Italian 
 Il Risveglio di un Nuovo Mostro
 
 
  Thai 
 สุดยอดนักดาบจอมเวทย์ผู้สูงส่ง
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/ArcV_097.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160320141436', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/DuelChasersDefeated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081210', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/SoraMoonVsArrestCorps.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081237', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/RedCrystalEffect.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/SoraMoonControlRoom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081355', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/LancersMoveOut.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081500', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/NirvanaHighPaladinAttacks.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081534', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/PhoenixWhirlwindCrimsonLight.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/CrimsonDragonARCV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081637', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/NirvanaHighPaladinPendulumZone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081701', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/RedDragonArdhfiendTyrantAttacks.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081750', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c7/JackConversation.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081746', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/GongSylvioBlockCommons.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0e/YuyaPendulum5Monstera.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160327081856', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/ArcV097_Mirror_Resonator_Error.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160321083700', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes