Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Spellbook_Library_of_the_Crescent

The  Arabic  and  Croatian                       names given are not official.  
 The  Chinese                lore given is not official.  
 
 This card's written lore in the Chinese has not yet been transcribed; if you are able to read Chinese, please help out by adding an accurate Chinese lore from  this image  to this page. The current Chinese lore listed here is only a reconstruction and may not be fully correct.     
 
 
 
 
 
 Spellbook Library of the Crescent 魔 導 書 庫 クレッセン 
 
 English 
Spellbook Library of the Crescent 
 Chinese 
 魔導書庫 蛾眉月 Check translation 
 French 
 Librairie Livre de Magie du Croissant Check translation 
 German 
 Magiebuch-Bibliothek des Halbmondes Check translation 
 Italian 
 Biblioteca del Libro di Magia della Crescente Check translation 
 Korean 
 마도서고 크레센 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Livraria do Livro de Magia Crescente Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Biblioteca del Libro de Magia del Creciente Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 まどうしょこクレッセン Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 魔導書庫クレッセン Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Madōshoko Kuressen 
 Japanese (translated) 
Spellbook Library Crescent 
 Card type 
 Spell   
 Property 
 Normal   
 Passcode 
 40230018 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Activation requirement 
 Effect 
 Condition 
 Condition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
If you have no " Spellbook "  Spell Cards  in your  Graveyard :  Reveal  3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names from your  Deck , your opponent  randomly   adds  1 of them to your  hand , and  shuffle  the rest back into your Deck. You can only  activate  1 "Spellbook Library of the Crescent" per  turn . You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Si vous n'avez aucune Carte Magie "Livre de Magie" dans votre Cimetière : révélez 3 Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" de noms différents depuis votre Deck, et votre adversaire en ajoute 1 au hasard à votre main, puis mélangez les cartes restantes dans votre Deck. Vous ne pouvez activer qu'1 "Librairie Livre de Magie du Croissant" par tour. Vous ne pouvez pas activer de Cartes Magie (Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" exclues) le tour où vous activez cette carte. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Falls du keine „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten in deinem Friedhof hast: Zeige 3 „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten mit unterschiedlichen Namen von deinem Deck vor, dein Gegner fügt zufällig 1 von ihnen deiner Hand hinzu und du mischst die restlichen in dein Deck. Du kannst nur 1 „Magiebuch-Bibliothek des Halbmondes“ pro Spielzug aktivieren. Du kannst in dem Spielzug, in dem du diese Karte aktivierst, keine Zauberkarten aktivieren, außer „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Se non hai nessuna Carta Magia "Libro di Magia" nel tuo Cimitero: rivela 3 Carte Magia "Libro di Magia" con nomi diversi dal tuo Deck, il tuo avversario ne aggiunge 1 a caso alla tua mano, e mischia le altre nel tuo Deck. Puoi attivare solo 1 "Biblioteca del Libro di Magia della Crescente" per turno. Non puoi attivare nessuna Carta Magia nel turno in cui attivi questa carta, eccetto Carte Magia "Libro di Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Se você não tiver Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia" no seu Cemitério: revele 3 Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia" com nomes diferentes do seu Deck, seu oponente adiciona aleatoriamente 1 deles à sua mão, e você embaralha o restante de volta no seu Deck. Você só pode ativar 1 "Livraria do Livro de Magia Crescente" por turno. Você não pode ativar Cards de Magia no turno que ativar este card, exceto Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Si no tienes Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia" en tu Cementerio: muestra 3 Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia" con nombres diferentes en tu Deck, tu adversario añade a tu mano 1 de ellas al azar, y baraja el resto a tu Deck. Sólo puedes activar 1 "Biblioteca del Libro de Magia del Creciente" por turno. En el turno en el que activas esta carta no puedes activar Cartas Mágicas, excepto Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia". 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 自分の墓地に「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カードが存在しない場合に発動できる。デッキから「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カードを３種類選んで相手に見せ、相手はその中からランダムに１枚選ぶ。相手が選んだカード１枚を自分の手札に加え、残りのカードをデッキに戻す。「魔導書庫クレッセン」は１ターンに１枚しか発動できず、このカードを発動するターン、自分は「魔導書」と名のついたカード以外の魔法カードを発動できない。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Chinese 
 
 
 自己墓地没有名字带有「魔导书」的魔法卡的场合：从自己的卡组展示不重名的3张名字带有「魔导书」的魔法卡，对方随机选择其中1张，那张卡加入自己手卡，剩余的卡回到卡组洗切。「魔导书库 拉卢恩」1回合只能发动1次。这张卡发动的回合自己不能发动名字带「魔导书」的魔法卡以外的魔法卡。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 자신의 묘지에 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드가 존재하지 않을 경우에 발동할 수 있다. 덱에서 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드를 3종류 골라 상대에게 보여주고, 상대는 그 중에서 무작위로 1장 고른다. 상대가 고른 카드 1장을 자신의 패에 넣고, 남은 카드를 덱으로 되돌린다. "마도서고 크레센"은 1턴에 1장밖에 발동할 수 없고, 이 카드를 발동하는 턴에, 자신은 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 카드 이외의 마법 카드를 발동할 수 없다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2012-08-24 REDU-EN087 Return of the Duelist Rare 2013-09-13 AP03-EN009 Astral Pack Three Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-FR087 Return of the Duelist Le Retour du Duelliste Rare 2013-09-12 AP03-FR009 Astral Pack Three Paquet Astral Trois Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-DE087 Return of the Duelist Return of the Duelist Rare 2013-09-12 AP03-DE009 Astral Pack Three Astral Pack Drei Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-IT087 Return of the Duelist Il Ritorno del Duellante Rare 2013-09-12 AP03-IT009 Astral Pack Three Astral Pack Tre Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2013-09-01 AP03-PT009 Astral Pack Three Pacote Astral Três Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2012-08-23 REDU-SP087 Return of the Duelist El Regreso del Duelista Rare 2013-09-12 AP03-SP009 Astral Pack Three Sobre Astral Tres Super Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2013-05-18 EP13-JP018 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights ＥＸＴＲＡ ＰＡＣＫ －ＳＷＯＲＤ ＯＦ ＫＮＩＧＨＴＳ－ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Traditional Chinese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Traditional Chinese name Rarity June 6, 2015 REDU-TC087 Return of the Duelist 決闘者歸來 Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2013-10-05 EXP6-KR018 Extra Pack: Sword of Knights EXTRA PACK  － 스워드 오브 나이트 － Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Prophecy 
 Spellbook 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Spellbook 
 
 Actions  
 Reveals cards from your Deck 
 Adds from Deck to hand 
 
 Monster / Spell / Trap  categories  
 Prevents activation of your Spell Cards 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 10318 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Prophecy " 「 魔 導 」 Members 
 Amores of Prophecy Ancient Sorcerer Apprentice Illusion Magician Armor Exe Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior Breaker the Magical Warrior Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer D/D Savant Copernicus D/D Savant Galilei D/D Savant Kepler D/D Savant Newton D/D Savant Nikola D/D Savant Thomas Dark Cavalry Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons The Dark Magicians Dark Paladin Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior Defender, the Magical Knight Ebon High Magician Ebon Illusion Magician Ebon Magician Curran Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Endymion, the Master Magician Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic The Fiend Megacyber Fool of Prophecy Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight Giltia the D. Knight Giltia the D. Knight - Soul Spear Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy The Illusory Gentleman Justice of Prophecy Magical Cavalry of Cxulub Magical Merchant Magical Scientist Master of Chaos Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Silent Paladin Skilled Brown Magician Skilled White Magician Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Stoic of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Supreme Arcanite Magician Temperance of Prophecy Testament of the Arcane Lords Time Wizard of Tomorrow Water Magician Wheel of Prophecy White Magician Pikeru World of Prophecy 
 Dark Magical Circle The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Mage Power Magical Contract Door Magical Mid-Breaker Field Mega Ton Magical Cannon Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 Support 
 Stoic of Prophecy 
 Related 
 Aleister the Invoker Aleister the Invoker of Madness Behegon Black Luster Soldier Buster Blader Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Gearfried the Iron Knight Guardian of the Labyrinth Marine Beast Princess Curran Princess Pikeru Protector of the Throne Red-Eyes Black Dragon Time Wizard 
 Trial of the Princesses 
 
   
" Spellbook " 「 魔 導 書 」 Members 
 Spellbook Magician of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master 
 Support 
 Amores of Prophecy Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Fool of Prophecy Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy Justice of Prophecy Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Temperance of Prophecy Wheel of Prophecy World of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of the Master 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/SpellbookLibraryoftheCrescent-AP03-EN-SR-UE.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130920083706', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/SPELL.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918121429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Card pages with a lore in need of transcription, Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards