Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_054


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 054 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ラスト デュエル! チーム サティスフアクション 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Rasto Dyueru! Chīmu Satisufakushon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Last Duel! Team Satisfaction 
 
 
 English 
 A Score to Settle, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 054 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 15, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 22, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Ichizou Kobayashi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Max Warrior 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " 
 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 ", known as " Last Duel! Team Satisfaction " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-forth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 15, 2009 and in the United States on December 22, 2009.
 Yusei  and  Kalin  meet up again and prepare for their rematch. During their  Duel , more details of their past as members of  The Enforcers  are revealed and how their group disbanded.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Kalin Kessler 
 3   Differences In adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 4.1   Dub Mistakes 
 4.2   All Versions Mistakes 
 
 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yusei , followed closely by  Crow ,  Leo ,  Luna  and  Trudge , makes his way to the Giant tower to face  Kalin . Crow ponders on the fact that Yusei and Kalin are about to patch things up. Luna expresses some concern over the upcoming  Duel , but Leo assures her everything will be okay. Kalin, who has been waiting at the tower and anticipating Yusei's arrival, spots him in the distance, as Yusei notices him around the same time. Kalin smirks and revs the engines of his  Duel Runner , before speeding head on in front of Yusei. Both boys swerve their Duel Runners to one side, avoiding collision. Kalin puts on his maniacal grin and announces that it's now time for them to settle the scores, through the last Duel of  The Enforcers , the one that never was completed back then. Yusei repeats the words "Last Duel" and reflects on the moment "back then", that Kalin is referring to.
 Back in the days of The Enforcers, after Kalin had let the power get to him, the group stand in a hideout. Kalin laughs sadistically and puts his arms over his teammates: Crow, Jack and Yusei. He continues to laugh as he makes his way over to a window proclaiming that this is the definite last Duel of The Enforcers. Outside in the pouring rain, a massive unit of  Securities  have surrounded the building. They're armed with weapons,  Duel Disks  and Duel Runners and are ordered to arrest the gang. As the Securities close in, the group ends up divided with Kalin missing. Kalin is shown covered in blood, standing over a Security, he's after murdering. The scene cuts the Kalin and Yusei tussling, ending with Yusei pinning Kalin. The scene cuts again and shows Kalin been taken into the security wagon by 2 Securities.  He looks back and sees Yusei being patted on the shoulder by  the officer . Seeing this leads Kalin to believe Yusei is selling him out. He screams at Yusei and tries to make his way over to him, but is pulled into the wagon by the Securities before Yusei can explain himself.
 In the present, Kalin laughs again and raises a finger, as he says to get things started. Crow and the others arrive at a spot a few blocks away from the tower, which gives them a decent view for the  Turbo Duel  about to take place. Kalin chucks off his cape, revealing his  dark mark , as he once again states that this will be the last Duel. His mark begins to glow, causing purple flames to erupt and shape out the Giant  geoglyph  around the area. In the distance, Jack stops and sees the Giant geoplyph in the sky, concluding that Yusei and Kalin are about to Duel. Kalin foresees the events of the Duel, saying that he shall kick Yusei into the middle of the inferno of vengeance from the depths of death, with the power of his " Earthbound Immortal ". Yusei thinks to himself that Kalin was never like this and had cared for his friends. Yusei remembers a time he had been falling from a building, but  Kalin  held him up using a  Deathmatch Duel Rope . As Kalin's support began to break, Yusei told him to save himself, but he refused to abandon his friend.
 Remembering what  Kalin  had said back then, Yusei vows to save Kalin in this Duel. Both  Duelists  line up to begin the  Shadow Turbo Duel . They take off after " Speed World " is  activated . Kalin explains that whoever is first to pass the corner up ahead, shall go first in the Duel. As they race on, Kalin notices Yusei has powered-up his Duel Runner, since they last Dueled. Refusing to let Yusei go first, Kalin bashes into him, knocking Yusei into the fiery wall.
 Kalin passes the corner and goes first. He  Normal Summons  " Infernity Necromancer " in  Defense Position . Seeing the " Infernity "  monster , Yusei wonders if Kalin is going to try his handless combo. Kalin  Sets  a card in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends his  turn , inviting Yusei to bring it on. Yusei  draws  " Limiter Break " and both Duelists'  SPC  goes to 1.
 Yusei  remembers the time when their paths was started to deviate. Back in the past, The Enforcers managed to dominate  Satellite . They have metaphorically becoming cinders. The fire was over and they had nothing left to do. Yusei is seen walking down the streets of Satellite. He then sees his friends, on which he remembers that Kalin crept around the streets in search of adversaries, like he didn’t want to admit that a festival was over. Kalin tells his friends that they’ll be hunting the last stragglers of  Team Insect  in Zone F, that they’re not through with their conquest of Satellite and that anybody with a Duel Disk is an enemy. Crow simply sighed.
 Later at night, The Enforcers pursued two members of Team Insect. Yusei captured one member at a dead end and defeated him using " Speed Warrior ". Crow discovers that the second member is only a young boy. Rather than Duel him, Crow tells him to leave. Yusei meets up with his friend and saw that he is frustrated. Crow asks if Dueling is supposed to be this lame. They heard a cry and saw that Kalin had defeated the second member of Team Insect. After that, he crushed the young boy's Duel Disk, which makes him happy. He was about to hurt the young boy with his right foot until Crow pushed him, saving the young boy. Crow tells the young boy to leave. Kalin asks Crow what he is doing and then punched Crow in the stomach. Yusei tried to stop the fight between his friends. Both he and Jack managed to stop their friends from continuing their fight. Crow says to Yusei that Dueling was supposed to be fun and that none of them have the right to take that away. After saying that, he decided to leave The Enforcers. Yusei is sad that Crow is leaving their team. Jack soon followed Crow. Kalin says that they were supposed to be friends and a team. Only Yusei stayed with Kalin and refused to turn his back on him.
 Back in the present, Kalin tells Yusei to hurry up and calls him a traitor. Yusei  Summons  " Max Warrior " with 1800  ATK  and sends his monster to attack "Infernity Necromancer". He hopes to get the real Kalin back in this Duel. Kalin reminds Yusei that the  DEF  of his monster is greater than the ATK of Yusei's. Yusei then  activates  the effect of "Max Warrior": When it  attacks , its ATK increases by 400 points. "Max Warrior"  destroys  "Infernity Necromancer". Through its other effect, the ATK, DEF and  Level  of "Max Warrior will be halved until Yusei's next  turn ;
 Yusei remembers that he and Kalin were still friends and he had always stayed by his side, until that fateful night. Back in the past, they noticed the captain of  Sector Security  who had arrived in  Satellite  and he was riding a  Duel Runner . Kalin tells Yusei that Sector Security has deployed a lot of those vehicles. The captain tells his troops to show the  Duel Gangs  the power the Duel Runner holds and to use their Dueling to judge them. Sector Security began their pursues of any Duel Gangs. Kalin only smirked. The Captain captured a member of a Duel Gang who  Summoned  " Skull Knight #2 " to defend himself. But the Captain Summoned " Assault Dog " to defeat and capture him.
 The next day, Yusei is surprised that Kalin wants to crush Sector Security, in which Kalin replies that he had finally found  The Enforcers ' final enemy and that only by defeating them will their true conquest of Satellite be complete. He also adds to Yusei to get Crow and Jack for him and that together they will reunite and crush Security. Yusei thinks this is suicide. Kalin accuses Yusei of chickening out. Yusei decides to leave Kalin and that Kalin will have to do this one on his own. The exact word on his mind were Kalin wouldn’t take on Sector Security if he’s all by himself. Later that night, at Sector Security Headquarters, the Duel Disks began to emit signals. Outside of the Headquarters, Kalin puts a card in his Duel Disk and all the others Duel Disks inside exploded, causing an explosion at the Headquarters. Kalin laughs at his victory. While Crow is playing  Duel Monsters  with some of his friends, one of the children tells him that Kalin is being chased by Sector Security. Crow tells the news to Jack.
 The night gets stormy and Yusei, Crow and Jack search for Kalin. Sectory Security found Kalin in an abandoned building and tells him to quit resisting and to come out quietly. Two agents were about to go inside the building until Jack and Crow managed to get inside first, which completely surprised the two agents. Yusei managed to get inside the building by using the stairs behind it. Seeing his friends meeting up with him, Kalin is happy that The Enforcers are together again. Jack asks him what is going on, but Kalin is too happy to be listened to them and the Duel against Sector Security will be their last Duel. 
 Back at the present, Yusei remembers that they were there to help, but he made the wrong decision back then. That’s why he decided to save him today, just like when Kalin saved him. Meanwhile, outside the geoglyph, Crow,  Trudge ,  Leo  and  Luna  watch the Duel through the screen of Crow's Duel Runner,  Blackbird . Yusei puts two cards  face-down  and ends his  turn . It's Kalin's  turn  and he  draws  a card. Both  Duelists '  SPC  goes to 2. He puts a card face-down and  activates  " Limit Impulse ", he  sends  two cards from his  hand  to the  Graveyard  in order to  Special Summon  2 " Soul Tokens ". He Tributes them to Summon " Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand " with 0  ATK . After seeing this, Yusei is convinced that Kalin is using his  Handless Combo  technique. Kalin explains that effect of "Nightmare Hand" lets him Special Summon a Level 2 monster from his hand. He Summons " Infernity Dwarf " and uses the two monsters to  Dark Synchro Summon  " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " with 3000  ATK . 
 Kalin says that his Handless Combo is complete and sends "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to attack and destroy "Max Warrior". Yusei’s  Life Points  go to 1900 and his  SPC  go to 0. Crow and Leo are worried about Yusei since he lost over half his  Life Points . Kalin asks Yusei if he found this pain superb. Yusei activates " Revival Ticket ", destroying 1 card on his  field  for each  monster  destroyed in battle, recovering his  Life Points  equal to the  Battle Damage . 
 He destroyed "Limiter Break", revived "Max Warrior" and his  Life Points  increase back to 4000. Kalin is shocked by it. Also, the effect of  "Limiter Break" allows him to  Summon  "Speed Warrior" from his  hand ,  Deck  or Graveyard. "Speed Warrior" appears with 900  ATK . Leo and Trudge are happy that Yusei managed to pull this through. Kalin is angry and asks what Yusei can do before "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon". It’s Yusei’s  turn  and he draws a card. Kalin’s  SPC  goes to 3 and Yusei’s  SPC  goes to 1. Yusei knows that his 2 monsters can’t do a thing against "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon". He checks his hand, which contains three Trap Cards and come up with an idea.  He activates " Card of Sacrifice ", it allows him to draw two cards if the combined  ATK  of all monsters on his  field  are lower than his opponent's monster's ATK. And, during this turn, he can't Summon a monster or switch  battle positions  Kalin says that Yusei is in a deadlock, in which to him it’s pathetic. Yusei draws two cards, put two other cards face-down and end his  turn . 
 It;s Kalin's turn and he draws a card. Kalin’s SPC goes to 4 and Yusei’s SPC goes to 2. Kalin places a card  face-down  and activates the effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon", it gains the effects of any of Kalin’s  DARK  monsters in his Graveyard. He chooses "Infernity Necromancer", so  it allows him to Special Summon a Level 4 or lower " Infernity " - " Infernity Archfiend ". Yusei activates " Slip Summon ", it activates when his opponent Summons a monster, it can Special Summon a Level 4 or lower  monster from his  hand  in  Defense Position . He Summons " Ghost Gardna " with 1900  DEF . Kalin calls it typical futile resistance and he’ll have the terror of his Handless Combo pierce Yusei to the bone. The  Dark Signer  sends "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to attack "Speed Warrior". Yusei activates the effect of, "Ghost Garnda", making it the new attack target.
 Kalin is mad and tells Yusei that the effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" allows it to gain the effect of "Infernity Dwarf" in his Graveyard. When his hand is empty, if a monster on his field attacks a monster in  Defense Position  and if its  ATK  is greater than their  DEF , it’ll deal  Battle Damage  equal to the difference. Yusei's Life Points drop to 2900, his SPC decreases to 1 and he loses control of his  Duel Runner  for a moment. Kalin tells Yusei not to die on him here. He also adds that it's far from being enough and that doesn’t come close to extinguishing his inferno of vengeance. Yusei remains determined.
 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Kalin Kessler 
 Turn 1: Kalin 
Kalin draws.  Kalin 's hand contains "Infernity Necromancer", "Limit Impulse", " Infernity Archfiend ", " Infernity Beast ", " Infernity Dwarf ", and " Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand ". Kalin  Normal Summons  " Infernity Necromancer " (0/2000) in  Defense Position  and  sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yusei  
Yusei's hand contains "Max Warrior", "Card of Sacrifice", "Revival Ticket", "Slip Summon", and " Synchro Striker Unit ".  Yusei  draws " Limiter Break ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Kalin's SPC: 0 → 1; Yusei's SPC: 0 → 1) . Yusei Normal Summons " Max Warrior " (1800/800) in  Attack Position . 
 "Max Warrior"  attacks  "Infernity Necromancer". " Max Warrior " gains 400  ATK  during the  Damage Step  due to its first effect ("Max Warrior": 1800 → 2200/800). "Max Warrior"  destroys  "Infernity Necromancer". At the end of the Damage Step, the first effect of "Max Warrior" expires ("Max Warrior": 2200 → 1800/800). Since "Max Warrior" destroyed a monster by battle, its  ATK ,  DEF  and  Level  are halved until Yusei's next Standby Phase ("Max Warrior": 1800 → 900/800 → 400, Level: 4 → 2). Yusei Sets three cards.
 Turn 3: Kalin 
Kalin draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 1 → 2; Yusei's SPC: 1 → 2). Kalin then sets a card. He then  activates  his face-down " Limit Impulse " to send two cards from his  hand  ("Infernity Archfiend" and "Infernity Beast") to the Graveyard and Special Summoning two " Soul Tokens " (0/0 each) in Attack Position. He then  Tributes  both tokens in order to  Tribute Summon  "Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand" (0/0) in Attack Position. 
 Kalin then activates the effect of "Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand" to  Special Summon  "Infernity Dwarf" (800/500) from his hand in Attack Position. He then  Dark Tunes  "Infernity Dwarf" with "Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand" in order to  Dark Synchro Summon  " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Due to the first effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon", it gains the effects of all  DARK  monsters in Kalin's Graveyard.
 "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon"  attacks  and destroys "Max Warrior" (Yusei 4000 → 1900). Yusei loses two Speed Counters (Yusei's SPC: 2 → 0). Yusei activates his face-down " Revival Ticket " to destroy one of his face-down cards, revive "Max Warrior" (1800/800) in Attack Position and increase his Life Points by the Battle Damage he took this turn (Yusei 1900 → 4000). Since the card Yusei destroyed was " Limiter Break ", Yusei  Special Summons  " Speed Warrior " (900/400) from his  Deck  in Attack Position.
 Turn 4: Yusei 
Yusei draws "Burst Synchro Summon". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 2 → 3; Yusei's SPC: 0 → 1). Yusei's hand contains "Slip Summon", "Synchro Striker Unit" and " Burst Synchro Summon ". Yusei activates his face-down " Card of Sacrifice " to draw two cards since the combined ATK of all Attack Positions monster he controls is lower than the ATK of Kalin's "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon", however he can't summon any monsters this turn and he can't change any monsters' Battle Positions this turn. Yusei Sets two cards.
 Turn 5: Kalin 
Kalin draws " Infernity Force ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 3 → 4; Yusei's SPC: 1 → 2). Kalin Sets a card. He then activates the  effect  of "Infernity Necromancer" through "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" in order to  Special Summon  "Infernity Archfiend" (1800/1200) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Yusei activates his face-down " Slip Summon " to  Special Summon  " Ghost Gardna " (0/1900) from his hand in  Defense Position  as Kalin summoned a monster. 
 "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" attacks "Speed Warrior", but Yusei uses the first effect of "Ghost Gardna" to redirect the attack to it instead. "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" then destroys "Ghost Gardna". "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" then inflicts  piercing  damage to Yusei (Yusei 4000 → 2900) due to the effect of "Infernity Dwarf". Yusei loses one Speed Counter (Yusei's SPC: 2 → 1).
 
 Continued next episode... 
 Differences In adaptations 
 In the dub,  Luna  (Luca) asks if anyone thinks  Yusei  is scared, in the original, she just asked if Yusei would be alright. 
 In the dub, the scene of Kalin (Kiryu) covered in blood with the dead member of  Sector Security  is cut. 
 In the dub, when Kalin (Kiryu) sees Yusei with  Security officer , the Security officer said "Good job" to Yusei. 
 In the dub, when  Crow  sees Kalin's control tower, he says "Hey guys look there", in the Japanese version, he asks himself "Is that it?". 
 In the dub, when Crow and co. go to a safe distance to watch the  Duel ,  Leo  (Lua) asks "Did anyone bring binoculars?", he said nothing in the original. 
 In the dub, the scene where the  Geoglyph  forms is cut slightly. 
 In the dub, an extra shot of the " Earthbound Immortal " geoglyph is added after the transition from commercial. 
 In the original, just before the  Duel  begins, Kalin (Kiryu) says that he'll let Yusei feel his revenge from death with the power of his "Earthbound Immortal", in the dub, Kalin (Kiryu) says that he'll send Yusei to the netherworld. 
 In the dub, all dialogue in Yusei's flashbacks is altered. 
 In the original, when Crow hears this plan, he just sighs, in the dub, he also says "here we go again". 
 In the dub, after Crow lets the kid, who is a member of  Team Insect  go, the kid yells out "Mommy!" after running away. 
 In the Japanese version, Kalin (Kiryu) placed explosives in the Duel Disks, in the dub, he uses "Electro-Magnetic Pulse Charges" instead. 
 In the dub, when Kalin (Kiryu) sets off the explosives in the Duel Disks, all flames are recolored purple. 
 In the dub, the scene of the explosion outside of the  Sector Security  building is cut. 
 Mistakes 
 Dub Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are created by the dubbed version:
 
 In the dub, when the Duel begins, begins and the shot of the screens on their  Duel Runners  is shown, the letters "SPC" are kept intact and aren't replaced with the usual arrow. 
 In the dub, " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua " is seen in  Kalin 's  hand . 
 In the dub, in the flashback where Kalin tells  The Enforcers  to destroy all the Duel Disks in the area, Yusei destroys a  Duelist 's  Duel Disk  via a  Deathmatch Duel Rope  by winning with " Speed Warrior ". However, when Yusei turns around and says "Time to check on  Crow ," the card on his Duel Disk is not "Speed Warrior"; it is " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain ". 
 When  Yusei  describes the effect of " Max Warrior " in the dub, it is seen on his Duel Disk as a  Level  8  monster . 
 When Yusei  Summons  "Speed Warrior" in the dub, its  ATK  is shown on a  Life Points  meter instead of the ATK meter. 
 All Versions Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are present in the Original and the Dub:
 
 Kalin's opening hand had " Infernity Necromancer " already in his hand. However after he conducts his Draw Phase, he plays the card he just drew which was "Infernity Necromancer". This would mean that the "Infernity Necromancer" in Kalin's hand should have been " Infernity Archfiend ". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ghost Gardna 
 Max Warrior 
 Speed Warrior Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Burst Synchro Summon 
 Card of Sacrifice 
 Limiter Break 
 Revival Ticket 
 Slip Summon 
 Synchro Striker Unit 
 
 Kalin Kessler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Infernity Beast 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Necromancer 
 Dark Tuner monsters 
 Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Infernity Force 
 Limit Impulse 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Skull Knight #2 
 Speed Warrior 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Trivia 
 This is the last English episode of a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series to air in the 2000s. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/YGO5Ds054.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304044210']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes