Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/ZEXAL_(Duel_Links)


 This article contains information about content that has yet to be released, but has been shown via official means. Some of the information may change upon official release.     
 
 
 ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ゼアル 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Noah Benjamin (Yuma) [1] Marc Thompson (Astral) 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Tasuku Hatanaka (Yuma) Miyu Irino (Astral) 
 
 
 
 ZEXAL  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is the video game depiction of  ZEXAL , the combined form of  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Astral  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He appears as a transformation sequence when the  Yuma and Astral 's Skills " ZEXAL - Zexal Weapon ", " ZEXAL - Xyz Evolution ", " ZEXAL - Leo Arms " and/or " ZEXAL - Ultimate Unite " are activated, which were obtainable on May 2, 2021 and May 19, 2022 respectively. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 4   Skills 
 5   Dialogue 
 
 5.1   Character-specific 
 5.2   Card-specific 
 
 5.2.1   Monsters 
 5.2.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 6   Unused Dialogue 
 
 6.1   Monsters 
 6.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 When Yuma and Astral's souls are in sync, they can ZEXAL Morph and combine into one. With the power of ZEXAL, they can Shining Draw - allowing them to generate the very card they need in a Duel.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat 
 Decks 
 Skills 
 Since ZEXAL is only playable during a Duel, they do not have any specific Skills (at the moment).
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Card-specific 
 ( Dialogue by Yuma and Astral overlapping each other will be  underlined , while the separate remains the same. 
 
 Monsters 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number 39: Utopia ", a cut-in frame of ZEXAL briefly appears, and they announce " Rise on up, Number 39: Utopia !" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Number 39: Utopia" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number 39: Utopia" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Attack, Utopia! " followed by " Rising Sun Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia's effect!" Then, they announce, " Light Wing Shield! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", they chant " Chaos Xyz Evolution! " followed by " The protector who changes chaos into light! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of ZEXAL briefly appears, and they announce " Number C39: Utopia Ray! " If that player hasn't already Summoned "Number C39: Utopia Ray" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number C39: Utopia Ray" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce, " Utopia Ray attacks! " followed by " Rising Sun Chaos Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Ray's effect!" Then, they both announce, " Overlay Charge! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray ", a cut-in frame of ZEXAL briefly appears, and Yuma announces, "I Special Summon a Monster!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray" being Summoned plays afterwards. 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Leo Arms ", a cut-in frame of Zexal's face briefly appears, and they announce "Here is ZW - Leo Arms!"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, ZW - Leo Arms!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Leo Arms's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "I add a ZW in my deck to my hand!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Leo Arms's effect activates!" Then, the both announce " Raise your spirit into the sky! Combine into Leo Utopia!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the third effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I send Leo Arms to the Graveyard to activate its effect!" followed by Astral announcing "The monster that had Leo Arms equipped can attack again!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Sleipnir Mail ", a cut-in frame of ZEXAL's face briefly appears, and they announce " Go! ZW - Sleipner Mail! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go get 'em, ZW - Sleipner Mail" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Sleipner Mail's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "This card equips on Utopia to power it up!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Sleipner Mail activates when it goes to the Graveyard!" followed by Astral announcing "I Special Summon Utopia from my Graveyard!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " SZW - Fenrir Sword ", they announce " Go, SZW - Fenrir Sword! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "SZW - Fenrir Sword attacks!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Fenrir Sword's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "I can Special Summon an equipped ZW in defense position!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate SZW - Fenrir Sword's effect from my hand!" followed by Astral announcing "I equip this card on Utopia" 
 When ZEXAL activates the third effect of that monsters, Yuma announces "Fenrir Sword's effect activates when it's equipped!" followed by Astral announcing "When my monster destroys yours, I can retrieve a ZW!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZS - Armed Sage ", they announce " ZS - Armed Sage, go!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, ZS - Armed Sage!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use ZS - Armed Sage to Xyz Summon Utopia!" followed by Astral announcing "I can add a ZW in my deck to my hand!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZS - Vanish Sage ", they announce " Here comes ZS - Vanish Sage !"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, ZS - Vanish Sage!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZS - Vanish Sage's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "When Utopia is on my field, I can draw a card from my deck!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZS - Vanish Sage's effect now activates!" followed by Astral announcing "I Special Summon a monster while I banish one of yours!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Asura Strike ", they announce "Here comes  ZW - Asura Strike !"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Asura Strike, attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Asura Strike's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "When equipped on Utopia, it can attack all your monsters!"  When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Eagle Claw " Astral announces "The ruler of the sky shall tear all to shreds! Then, they both announce " Go, ZW - Eagle Claw!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Eagle Claw, slash!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate ZW - Eagle Claw's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "By equipping this card on Utopia, it increases its ATK points!" Then, they both announce " Eagle Charge!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Eagle Claw's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "When this card is equipped, it negates a trap once per turn!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Lightning Blade ", they announce " ZW - Lightning Blade is here!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Lightning Blade, attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces " I activate ZW - Lightning Blade's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "It equips on Utopia to increase its ATK points! It also protects my ZW from being destroyed by effects!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Pegasus Twin Saber ", they announce " Come out, ZW - Pegasus Twin Saber!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, ZW - Pegasus Twin Saber!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate ZW - Pegasus Twin Saber's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "This card equips and increases Utopia's ATK points!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Pegasus Twin Saber's effect activates when it's equipped!" followed by Astral announcing "Once per turn, it negates your monster's effect!" 
 When ZEXAL SUMMONS " ZW - Phoenix Bow ", they announce " Come out, ZW - Phoenix Bow!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Phoenix Bow, attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate ZW - Phoenix Bow's effect from my hand!" followed by Astral announcing "This card equips onto Utopia Ray to increase its ATK points" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When Phoenix Bow is equipped, its effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "It deals damage to your life points!: 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Tornado Bringer ", they announce " Join me, ZW - Tornado Bringer!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Tornado Bringer, blow 'em away!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate ZW - Tornado Bringer's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "It equips and raises Utopia's ATK points! In addition, your effects cannot target my equipped monster!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Ultimate Shield ", they announce " Come on out, ZW - Ultimate Shield! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Ultimate Shield, attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "By Summoning Ultimate Shield, its effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "I Special Summon an Xyz monster that was banished!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Ultimate Shield's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "This card equips onto Utopia and raises its DEF points!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Unicorn Spear ", they announce " Fly, ZW - Unicorn Spear! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, ZW - Unicorn Spear!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate ZW - Unicorn Spear's effect from my hand!" followed by Astral announcing "It equips onto Utopia Ray and raises its ATK!" Then, they both announce " Transform, Unicorn Spear! " 
 Spell/Traps 
 When ZEXAL activates " Shining Hope Road ", Yuma announces "I activate Shining Hope Road!" followed by Astral announcing "I use 3 monsters in my Graveyard to Xyz Summon Utopia!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Creator of Hope ", Astral announces "Appear, Creator of Hope!"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Astral announces "Creator of Hope, now is the time to attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Astral announces "Creator of Hope's effect activates!" followed by Yuma announcing "I'm feeling the flow!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Creator of Miracles ", they announce " Appear, Creator of Miracles! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Creator of Miracles attacks!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, they announce " Creator of Miracles's effect activates! The power of ZEXAL banishes the darkness!"  followed by " ZEXAL Field! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " DZW - Chimera Clad" , Astral announces "DZW - Chimera Clad!"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Astral announces "DZW - Chimera Clad attacks!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Astral announces "DZW - Chimera Clad's effect activates! It equips onto Number C39 and protects it during battle!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Astral announces "Chimera Clad's effect activates when it's equipped! Your monster's attack points fall to 0, and I can attack again!" followed by Yuma announcing "Dark Charge!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number 39: Utopia Beyond ", they chant " Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Shatter the boundaries of reality!  And become the dream that inspires the future! " Afterwards, they announce " Number 39: Utopia Beyond! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Attack, Utopia Beyond! " followed by " Rising Sun Beyond Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I successfully Xyz Summoned Utopia Beyond!" followed by Astral announcing "This means all your monster's ATK points drop to 0!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces  "I use 1 Overlay Unit to use Utopia Beyond's effect!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number 39: Utopia Double ", they announce " Appear, Number 39: Utopia Double" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Utopia Double attacks!"  followed by " Rising Sun Double Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Double's effect!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number 39: Utopia Roots ", they announce " Number 39: Utopia Roots! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Utopia Roots, attack! " followed by " Rising Sun Roots Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Roots's effect!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number 100: Numeron Dragon ", they chant " Let your roar reach every corner of space and time! " Afterwards, they announce " Rise up, Number 100: Numeron Dragon! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Number 100: Numeron Dragon! Attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Numeron Dragon's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "It gains ATK points for every Rank that's in play!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When Numeron Dragon is destroyed, it's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "After destroying every monster, we both set a Spell or Trap!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the third effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Numeron Dragon's effect activates from my Graveyard!" followed by Astral announcing "It resurrects itself when you attack me directly!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ", they chant " Chaos Xyz Evolution! Gather the powers of chaos to bring me victory! " Afterwards, they announce " Come on out, Number C39: Utopia Ray V !"
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Utopia Ray V attack!"  followed by " Rising Sun Star Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Ray V's effect activates when it's destroyed!" followed by Astral announcing "I return an Xyz Monster in my Graveyard to my Extra Deck!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, they announce "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Ray V's effect!" followed by " Spinning Blades of Destruction! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ", they chant " Chaos Xyz Evolution! Hope surrounds the living to power the future! " Afterwards, they announce " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Utopia Ray Victory attacks!  followed by " Rising Sun Double Victory Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, they announce "Utopia Ray Victory, use an Overlay Unit!" followed by  Victory Charge! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number S0: Utopic ZEXAL ", Yuma chants " Xyz Evolution! The origin of all memories form into flawless power! " Afterwards, they both announce " Number S0: Utopic ZEXAL! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declare an attack with that monster, they announce " The power of hope breaks through to a new generation! " following by " Rising Sun ZEXAL Slash!! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopic ZEXAL's effect!" followed by Astral announcing "You cannot activate effects this turn!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number S39: Utopia Prime ", they chant " One wish can shine the light into a universe of chaos! " Afterwards, they announce " Come forth, Number S39: Utopia Prime! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Attack, Utopia Prime!"  follwed by  Rising Sun Shining Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, they announce "I use 3 Overlay Units to activate Utopia Prime's effect!" followed by " Pandora's Force! " 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Number S39: Utopia the Lightning ", they chant " Shining Xyz Evolution! A single grain of hope flashes from the darkness! " Afterwards, they announce " Here goes! Number S39: Utopia the Lightning! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Attack, Utopia the Lightning!"  followed by  Rising Sun Lightning Slash! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia the Lightning uses 2 Overlay Units to use its effect! 
 When ZEXAL Summons " Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray ", they announce " Warrior and Dragon combine! Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray! "
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, they announce " Ultimate Dragonic Utopia Ray, attack! " 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dragonic Utopia Ray's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "I equip this card with a ZW from my hand or Deck!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dragonic Utopia Ray uses an Overlay Unit to play its effect!" followed by Astral announcing "For every ZW it has equipped, it negates one of your cards!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZS - Ascended Sage ", they announce " Here is ZS - Ascended Sage!" 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZS - Ascended Sage, attack!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use ZS - Ascended Sage to Xyz Summon Utopia!" followed by Astral announcing "This means I can acquire a Rank-Up-Magic spell card from my deck!" 
 When ZEXAL Summons " ZW - Dragonic Halberd ", they announce " Appear, ZW - Dragonic Halberd 
 Most of the time when ZEXAL declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "ZW - Dragonic Halberd attacks!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Dragonic Halberd's effect" followed by Astral announcing "I add a ZEXAL spell or trap card in my deck to my hand!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dragonic Halberd's effect activates!" followed by Astral announcing "It equips onto Utopia and increases its ATK points!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the third effect of that monster, Yuma announces "The equipped Dragonic Halberd activates its effect!" followed by Astral announcing "I can Special Summon ZW's that are equipped to this monster!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When ZEXAL activates " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall ", they announce " We activate Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force ", they announce " We activate Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force!" 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force activates from the Graveyard!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ", Astral announces "The light of hope reveals Limited Barian's Force's true form!" followed by Yuma announcing "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Rank-Up-Magic Zexal Force ", they announce " We activate Rank-Up-Magic Zexal Force! 
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that card, Yuma announces "ZEXAL Force has another effect!" followed by Astral announcing "I banish this card to draw a card from my deck!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Shining Draw " they announce, " We activate our spell card, Shining Draw!  followed by Astral announcing "By keeping this card revealed, Utopia can use its effects!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Winning Formula ", Astral announces "I have the winning formula! This card becomes an Overlay Unit for a new Number!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Zexal Alliance ", Yuma announces "I activate ZEXAL Alliance to Special Summon Utopia!" followed by Astral announcing "In battle, only a Number can destroy this Utopia!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Zexal Construction ", they announce " Unleash the true power of our card, and reveal its true form! I activate my spell, ZEXAL Construction!" 
 When ZEXAL activates " Zexal Entrust ", Yuma announces "I activate my spell card, ZEXAL Entrust" followed by Astral announcing "I Special Summon or retrieve a Utopia, ZW or ZS monster!"
 When ZEXAL activates the effect of that card, Yuma announces "I can banish ZEXAL Entrust from my Grave to retrieve a card!" followed by Astral announcing "As long as it is a different ZEXAL spell or trap card." 
 Trivia 
 Since the player is still using Yuma and Astral, ZEXAL shares the same voice lines for other cards along with  Yuma and Astral  (the notable exceptions being the cards mentioned in the card dialogue category above). 
 ZEXAL is the first Legendary Duelist to not appear as an unlockable character but rather through an unlockable Skill(s) for Yuma and Astral, those being " ZEXAL - Zexal Weapon ", " ZEXAL - Xyz Evolution ", " ZEXAL - Leo Arms ", and " ZEXAL - Ultimate Unite ". 
 In the Japanese version of this character, ZEXAL has recorded dialogue for Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray while not containing any for the English Version:
 Japanese: 「闘志が纏いしその衣、轟く咆哮。大地を揺るがし、迸る迅雷。神をも打ち砕く！獣装合体 ライオ・ホープレイ！」 " Tōshi ga matoishi sono koromo, todoroku hōkō. Daichi o yurugashi, hotobashiru jinrai. Kami o mo uchikudaku! " 
 English: " The raging impact from warrior's golden armor will shake the ground, the blitz of lightning, please inject the force of God-slayer to the warrior! " 
 v e 
 Yuma Tsukumo  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival (Zexal) 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist (Yuma) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Astral  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Duel Carnival  (Astral) 
 World Duel Carnival  (Zexal) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Astral) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links  (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 ↑   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fKJw8xgzlw&t=133s/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/ZEXAL-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/306?cb=20210625133838', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/Profile-DULI-ZEXAL.png/revision/latest?cb=20210430000706', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/CutIn-DULI-ZEXAL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210430000354', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Summoning-DULI-ZEXAL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210429182832', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/Defeat-DULI-ZEXAL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210430000954', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Unreleased material, Characters, Yuma Tsukumo pages, Astral pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters