Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Eternal_Duelist_Soul


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 KCEJ 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Series 
 Duel Monsters ( World Championship ) 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Game Boy Advance 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  October 15, 2002   April 17, 2003 
 
 
 Genre 
 Strategy Trading Card 
 
 
 Ratings 
 E (Everyone) 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul  is a video game for the Game Boy Advance. It is an English-language version of  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 5 Expert 1  but is modified with the graphics and music of  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters 6 Expert 2 .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Gameplay 
 2   Starting Decks 
 3   Duelists 
 
 3.1   Tier 1 
 3.2   Tier 2 
 3.3   Tier 3 
 3.4   Tier 4 
 3.5   Tier 5 
 
 
 4   Cards 
 
 4.1   Booster Packs 
 4.2   Special Sets 
 4.3   Promotional cards 
 4.4   Password system 
 4.5   Cheats and glitches 
 
 4.5.1   Card Link duping 
 4.5.2   Change of Heart 
 4.5.3   Egyptian Gods 
 4.5.4   Giant Trunade 
 4.5.5   Graceful Dice / Skull Dice 
 4.5.6   Graverobber 
 4.5.7   Imperial Order 
 4.5.8   Prohibition 
 4.5.9   Sangan / Witch of the Black Forest 
 4.5.10   Spear Cretin 
 
 
 
 
 5   Multi-player 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Gallery 
 
 
 Gameplay 
 A red, green, or black deck is automatically available at the start of the game. Opponents are arranged in "tiers", which are unlocked by defeating each opponent in the previous tier a certain number of times. Except for Tier 5, which has 4 duelists, each tier consists of 5 duelists.
 There are 819 different cards in total. Cards are accessed from the Deck Edit menu and are stored in the Trunk (which can hold more than 10,000 cards). They can be transferred to the Main Deck or  Side Deck . The Main Deck must contain 40-60 cards, but also allows up to an additional 20 cards in the Fusion Deck section. The Side Deck can hold up to 15 cards, which becomes available between certain special event duels, such as Weekend Duels.
 An important aspect of the game is the in-game calendar. On certain days of the week, random events may occur, such as receiving a pack of cards in the mail or being challenged to a Match by an opponent. The calendar advances one day after each duel.
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  is nearly identical to  Stairway to the Destined Duel , except there are fewer cards to choose from and the default animation speed is slower, though there is the option of holding the R button before the duel starts to permanently speed up that particular duel. It is also the first game to include  Polymerization  as an actual card.
 
 Starting Decks 
 
 Black Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Lizard 
 Bean Soldier 
 Big Insect 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Enchanting Mermaid 
 Fiend Kraken 
 Fiend's Hand 
 Great White 
 Griffore 
 Horn Imp 
 Illusionist Faceless Mage 
 Killer Needle 
 Minomushi Warrior 
 Mystical Elf 
 Neo the Magic Swordsman 
 Petit Dragon 
 Stone Armadiller 
 Summoned Skull 
 Supporter in the Shadows 
 The Drdek 
 Tomozaurus 
 Two-Headed King Rex 
 Wicked Mirror 
 Winged Cleaver 
 Effect Monsters 
 Sangan Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Pendant 
 Change of Heart 
 Megamorph 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Raigeki 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Mirror Force 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Trap Hole 
 
 Red Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 7 Colored Fish 
 Anthrosaurus 
 Axe Raider 
 Battle Steer 
 Candle of Fate 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Crawling Dragon 
 Crawling Dragon #2 
 Darkworld Thorns 
 Fiend Kraken 
 Ganigumo 
 Gokibore 
 Great White 
 Harpie Lady 
 Kaminarikozou 
 Koumori Dragon 
 LaLa Li-oon 
 Lesser Dragon 
 Mystical Elf 
 Skull Stalker 
 Summoned Skull 
 Takriminos 
 The Drdek 
 Tomozaurus 
 Two-Headed King Rex 
 Effect Monsters 
 Needle Worm Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Pendant 
 Change of Heart 
 Dark Hole 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Snatch Steal 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Mirror Force 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Trap Hole 
 
 Green Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Lizard 
 Battle Ox 
 Crawling Dragon #2 
 Dark Gray 
 Feral Imp 
 Fiend's Hand 
 Gokibore 
 Griffore 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Judge Man 
 Larvas 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Mystical Elf 
 Rouge Doll 
 Snakeyashi 
 Stone Armadiller 
 Summoned Skull 
 Supporter in the Shadows 
 Sword Arm of Dragon 
 The Drdek 
 The Wandering Doomed 
 Uraby 
 Wicked Mirror 
 Winged Cleaver 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1 
 Effect Monsters 
 Sangan Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Pendant 
 Change of Heart 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Pot of Greed 
 Premature Burial 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Bell of Destruction 
 Magic Jammer 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 Trap Hole 
 Duelists 
 Tier 1 
 Tristan Taylor  ( Cookie  Deck) 
 Tea Gardner  (Fairy Deck) 
 Yugi Muto  ( Cookie /Exodia/Dark Magician Deck) 
 Joey Wheeler  ( Cookie /Red Eyes Deck) 
 Bakura Ryou  (Zombie Deck) 
 Tier 2 
 Defeat all Tier 1 duelists 2 times each to unlock this tier.
 
 Espa Roba  (Machine Deck) 
 Mako Tsunami  (Umi Deck) 
 Rex Raptor  (Dinosaur Deck) 
 Weevil Underwood  (Insect Deck) 
 Mai Valentine  (Harpie/Winged Beast Deck) 
 Tier 3 
 Defeat all Tier 2 duelists 3 times each to unlock this tier.
 
 Umbra  &  Lumis  ( Trap  Deck) -  (see also:  Lumis and Umbra ) 
 Arkana  (Dark Magician Deck) -  (see also:  Arkana ) 
 Rare Hunter  (Exodia Deck) 
 Strings  ( Cookie  Deck) -  (see also:  Strings ) 
 Marik Ishtar  (Discard Deck) -  (see also:  Marik Ishtar ) 
 Tier 4 
 Defeat all Tier 3 duelists 4 times each to unlock this tier.
 
 Yami Bakura  ( Cookie  Deck) -  (see also:  Yami Bakura ) 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Light Deck) 
 Kaiba Seto  (Blue-Eyes/Power/Dragon Deck) -  (see also:  Seto Kaiba ) 
 Shadi  (Ancient Deck) -  (see also:  Shadi ) 
 Yami Yugi  (Dark Magician/Exodia/Strategy Deck) 
 Tier 5 
 Defeat all Tier 4 duelists 5 times each to unlock this tier.
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  ( Toon /Eyes Deck) 
 Simon  (Ultimate  Cookie  Deck) 
 Duel Computer  (Control Deck) 
 Trusdale  ( Cookie /Exodia Deck) -  (see also:  Solomon Muto ) 
 By default, the Duel Computer is the only opponent readily available after advancing to Tier 5. The other three duelists are unlocked in the following ways:
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  is unlocked by obtaining a  Toon World  card by password or booster pack. 
 Simon  is unlocked by winning the National Tournament held in November. 
 Trusdale  is unlocked after defeating  Simon  once or by collecting each of the 819 cards in the game (defeating Simon results in a copy of every card being added to your Trunk). 
 While the Duel Computer claims that it is building a deck to counter yours, it uses the same deck every time you face it. Its strategy revolves around effects that hinder the opponent's strategy, which creates the illusion of the game deliberately countering the player's deck. 
 Pegasus is programmed to be able to see the player's hand and face-down cards. However, due to the game's limited AI, it has little impact on the game and is barely noticeable. Pegasus will not attack a face-down defense position monster that he cannot destroy, but he will not change his strategy in any other way.
 
 Cards 
 Main article:  List of Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul cards 
 See also:  Gallery of Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul cards 
 There are 819 cards in total. The game follows the  May 2002 Lists , which did not include  Forbidden  cards. Booster Packs can be obtained by advancing through 5 tiers of duelists. Some packs can only be unlocked after defeating an opponent a certain number of times.
 Cards are kept in a Trunk where they can be accessed through the Deck Edit section of the Main Menu screen and may be placed in the Main Deck or Side Deck. Fusion cards can be added to the Main Deck and do not go towards the 40 card minimum.
 
 Booster Packs 
 This game follows the real  OCG  Booster Packs with some slight variations and different covers (in the Japanese version it uses the same real covers). However, some of the special packs don't, namely the Millenium Puzzle packs.
 The following is a list of all the Booster Packs (and their real-life packs when applicable):
 
 
 
 Booster Pack 
 OCG Set 
 Unlocked by:
 
 
 Dark Magician 
 Vol.1 
 Default deck at beginning of game
 
 
 Mystical Elf 
 Vol.2 
 Default deck at beginning of game
 
 
 Red Eyes B. Dragon 
 Vol.3 
 Default deck at beginning of game
 
 
 Judge Man 
 Booster 1  and cards from some Starter Boxes 
 Win a total of 10 Tier 1 duels
 
 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon (Japanese) 
 Defeat  Yugi Muto  20 times
 
 
 Exodia 
 Phantom God 
 Defeat  Joey Wheeler  20 times
 
 
 Cyber Harpie 
 Vol.4 
 Defeat each Tier 1 opponent 10 times
 
 
 Tiger Axe 
 Mix of  Booster 2  and  Booster 3 
 Advance to Tier 2 by defeating each Tier 1 opponent 2 times
 
 
 Gate Guardian 
 Vol.5 
 Win a total of 10 Tier 2 duels
 
 
 Gemini Elf 
 Mix of  Booster 3  and  Booster 4 
 Defeat  Mako Tsunami  20 times
 
 
 Launcher Spider 
 Vol.7 
 Defeat  Mai Valentine  20 times
 
 
 Great Moth 
 Vol.6 
 Defeat each Tier 2 opponent 10 times
 
 
 Garoozis 
 Mix of  Booster 5  and  Booster 6 
 Advance to Tier 3 by defeating each Tier 2 opponent 3 times
 
 
 Relinquished 
 Magic Ruler (Japanese) 
 Win a total of 10 Tier 3 duels
 
 
 Battle Ox 
 Mix of all sets with  Booster  in their name from  Series 1 
 Defeat  Umbra & Lumis  20 times
 
 
 Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon 
 Pharaoh's Servant (Japanese) 
 Defeat  Marik Ishtar  20 times
 
 
 Black Luster Soldier 
 Dark Ceremony Edition 
 Defeat each Tier 3 opponent 10 times
 
 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Premium Pack 3 
 Advance to tier 4 by defeating each Tier 3 opponent 4 times
 
 
 Blue Millenium Puzzle 
 n/a 
 Win a total of 10 Tier 4 duels
 
 
 Millenium Eye 
 n/a 
 Defeat  Kaiba Seto  20 times
 
 
 Buster Blader 
 Curse of Anubis (set) 
 Defeat  Yami Yugi  20 times
 
 
 Green Millenium Puzzle 
 n/a 
 Defeat each Tier 4 opponent 10 times
 
 
 Multi-colored Millenium Puzzle 
 n/a 
 Defeat  Simon  or collect all cards
 
 Special Sets 
 Recurring events take place throughout the game that reward cards through special "sets". Each event rewards 5 cards. The  Weekly Yu-Gi-Oh!  event occurs every Tuesday of the week and the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Magazine  occurs every 21st day of the month. The  Rare Hunter set  can only be accessed by winning a forced duel against one of the Tier 3 Rare Hunters (occurs every 1-2 in-game months). The  Grandpa Cup  takes place at the beginning of June and offers two special sets, one for the Qualifying Round and another for the Finals.
 The  National Championship  rewards include  non-game cards  which are intended to be used as a qualification [Ticket] to advance through rounds leading up to the Finals.
 
 Promotional cards 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul promotional cards 
 As a bonus for buying this game, three previously unreleased  Holofoil Rare  cards are included. Though not immediately available in-game, they could have their passwords entered immediately.
 
 Password system 
 Like many other Yu-Gi-Oh! games, it uses the 8-digit passwords printed on most cards to unlock new cards. Passwords can be found on the lower left-hand corner of actual physical Yu-Gi-Oh! cards. A password screen in the game allows these codes to be entered to unlock the digital versions of cards.
 The player must not already have the card in his/her Trunk, Deck, Side Deck (or if the card isn't in this game), it will not go through and it will display an "ERROR" message. 63 cards do not allow passwords to be entered, including the  Egyptian Gods .
 
 Cheats and glitches 
 Card Link duping 
 To duplicate a card, trade with a friend. When you go to trade, one person pushes the trade button, when their card appears back on their screen, the other person pushes the trade button. There you have the original card and the traded card, plus your friend has both cards also.
 
 Change of Heart 
 If you use  Change of Heart  more than once in the same turn (for example, by using it once, flipping  Magician of Faith  and returning it to your hand, and then using it again), only the last card you use Change of Heart on will return to your opponent's field at the end of your turn. The other(s) will remain under your control.
 
 Egyptian Gods 
 Obelisk the Tormentor , can be obtained from the  Green Millennium Puzzle  Booster Pack. 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  can be obtained from the  Multi-colored Millenium Puzzle  Booster Pack. 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra  can be obtained from the monthly  Yu-Gi-Oh! Magazine  event. 
 Giant Trunade 
 If you used  Call of the Haunted  to revive a monster, you can use Giant Trunade and the monster will stay in the field. 
 If you used  Snatch Steal  to take control of an opponent's monster, then you can use  Giant Trunade  to return Snatch Steal and you keep the opponent's monster. 
 You can not activate  Tribute to The Doomed  if the card is set and you have no cards in your hand to discard, however, you can play Tribute to The Doomed without discarding a card when that card is the only card in your hand. 
 Graceful Dice / Skull Dice 
 When playing  Graceful Dice  or  Skull Dice , hold B to make the number higher or A to make the number lower. This works almost every time.
 
 Graverobber 
 Once you play  Graverobber , set the card instead of immediately activating it. Once the card is set, activate it and you will not lose 2000 Life Points.
 
 Imperial Order 
 The CPU plays  Spell Cards  even when  Imperial Order , which negates the effects of Spell Cards, is face-up on the field.
 
 Prohibition 
 If you activate  Prohibition , you can see all the cards available in this game, excluding the Egyptian God Cards though.
 
 Sangan / Witch of the Black Forest 
 Have  Sangan  or  Witch of the Black Forest  in your graveyard and then bring it back with  Call of the Haunted  or  Premature Burial , then destroy the monster with a card effect. When this happens it will activate a glitch that will activate Sangan or Witch's effect twice instead of once. This is a faster way to get Exodia cards to your hand.
 
 Spear Cretin 
 Spear Cretin  does not remove the card from your graveyard you target for special summon with its effect. No AI in the game can get past two Spear Cretin for this reason.
 
 Multi-player 
 Eternal Duelist Soul supports up to 2 players in PvP or trading, provided each player has their own Game Boy Advance and their copy of Eternal Duelist Soul, and one Game Link Cable is required to connect the systems (the game is not compatible with the Wireless Link accessory for the GBA).
 
 Trivia 
 When you're playing the rock-paper-scissors before starting a duel, hold R and don't let go until the duel begins. When the duel starts, the duel will go faster. This is like continuously holding the B button. 
 On some occasions,  Trusdale  isn't unlocked despite collecting every different card or beating Simon once. Most of the time, he is unlocked. In extremely rare cases, after a few months or years, Solomon Muto becomes unavailable, also without any known reason. The only way to fix this is to start a new game. 
 Some of  Kaiba's  dialogue is incorrectly translated in the English version of the game. If Kaiba defeats the player, he will state that "There is only one worthy of the title of 'duelist'...and that is Yugi!" This error is particularly humorous since Kaiba would never admit that Yugi is stronger than him. The correct translation is "The only duelist who I recognize is Yugi! 
 Gallery 
 North American English cover 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/EDS-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20100822075411', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/EDS-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20100822075411', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul, Video games