Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_145


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 光よりも速く！！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hikari yori mo Hayaku 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Faster than Light!! 
 
 
 Number 
 145 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 26, 2011 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Road to Tomorrow ~Going My Way!!~ " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future Colors " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Toshifumi Kawase [1] 
 
 
 Director 
 Naoki Hishikawa [1] 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoki Hishikawa [1] 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kenichi Hara 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 T.G. Halberd Cannon 
 
 
 One-point lesson cards 
 Wild Heart Shooting Star Dragon 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Beginning of the End, Struggle to the Death for the Future! " 
 " The Last Human, Z-ONE " 
 
 
 
 
 " Faster than Light!! " is the one-hundred-and-forty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 26, 2011. The episode was never dubbed, but became available to the world with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on March 10, 2015.
 The battle between  Yusei  and  Antinomy  inside the  Ark Cradle  continues. Against Yusei, who suddenly feels the difference in power with his opponent, Antinomy begins an even greater assault by using the ultimate stance to exceed the limits,  Top Clear Mind  to perform a  Delta Accel Synchro . Through it Antinomy summons " Tech Genus Halberd Cannon ". Yusei is at his wit's end with his  Life Points  getting depleted. Furthermore, behind both of them, a black hole begins to approach, which will swallow the loser.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Death Course 
 1.2   New Domino 
 1.3   Ark Cradle 
 1.4   Death Course 
 
 
 2   Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Antinomy 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Cast 
 6   References 
 
 
 Summary 
 Death Course 
 Antinomy has just performed a  Delta Accel Synchro Summon  and explains that a  black hole  has been born. Yusei looks back and sees that the track they're racing along is disappearing. Antinomy explains that the black hole consumes everything in its presence and the end of everything lies within it, similar to how Yusei's world shall be destroyed.
 Antinomy gets " Tech Genus Halberd Cannon " to  attack  " Shooting Star Dragon ". Yusei attempts to  remove  "Shooting Star Dragon" from play temporarily to  negate  the attack. "Shooting Star Dragon" disappears and enters another plane, but "Halberd Cannon" also disappears to that plane and grabs "Shooting Star Dragon" by the neck. The sky in Yusei and Antinomy's plane cracks as "Halberd Cannon" smashes "Shooting Star Dragon" back through it.
 The ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" drops to 2500 and Yusei asks what's going on. Antinomy explains that the effect of "Halberd Cannon" 
activates when an opponent's monster activates an effect that removes itself. "Halberd Cannon" negates its effect and reduces its ATK by 800. He notes that "Shooting Star Dragon" cannot hide from a Delta Accel Synchro Monster like "Halberd Cannon".
 "Halberd Cannon" continues its attack on "Shooting Star Dragon", but Yusei activates " Enduring Soul " to negate the destruction of an  Attack Mode  monster. However Yusei still takes  Battle Damage , so his  Life Points  drop to 100. After "Enduring Soul" is used, it reduces the target monster's ATK by 800, so the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" is further reduced to 1700. Antinomy remarks that Yusei has only 100 Life Points and asks if this power goes beyond his limits before ending his turn.
 
 New Domino 
       The burglars.     
 At  Sector Security , Lazar anxiously watches as the  Ark Cradle  continues its descent.
 Out in the streets, two burglars carry large sacks out of a building, happy that there is nobody around to stop them. However  Mina  and  Trudge  run over and ask what they're doing. The burglars drop their sacks and run. Mina and Trudge stop and look up at the Ark Cradle, rather than go after them.
 Elsewhere, masses of citizens, including  Carly  are being evacuated. 
 
 
 Ark Cradle 
 Akiza ,  Crow  and  Sherry  continue to make their way towards the  Planetary Gear . Akiza and Crow's  Marks of the Dragon  light up. Akiza says that Yusei is fighting and Crow wonders just who his opponent is. Sherry looks on worriedly and repeats Yusei's name.
 Elsewhere,  Leo ,  Luna  and  Jack , who are also making their way to the Planetary Gear, find their Marks of the Dragon lighting up. Luna wonders if Yusei will be alright and Leo tries to assure her that he knows Yusei will be alright. Jack adds that no matter who Yusei is up against, he will break through.
 
 Death Course 
 Yusei begins his turn and both players'  SPC  goes up to 5. Yusei Summons " Sonic Chick " in  Defense Mode  and explains that it cannot be destroyed in battle by a monster with 1900 ATK or more, but Antinomy remarks that that is useless. He explains that the effect of "Halberd Cannon" can negate the Summon of monsters and destroy them and he can use this effect once for every Synchro Material Monster used to Summon "Halberd Cannon". This effect is called "Close Summon" and he uses it to destroy "Sonic Chick".
 Yusei sees how powerful Antinomy's monster is and thinks if he Summons more monsters, they will only end up being destroyed. Antinomy says that Yusei can switch "Shooting Star Dragon" to Defense Mode, but then it will lose the protection from "Enduring Soul". Antinomy smiles and asks what Yusei will do. Yusei  Sets  a card in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends his turn.
 Since "Shooting Star Dragon" wasn't switched to Defense Mode, Antinomy deduces that the card Yusei Set is something that can reduce damage or deal with attacks from "Halberd Cannon". He thinks that those predictions are most likely, however he also suspects that Yusei is also reading his strategies, so the card could just be a bluff to deter attacks.
 Antinomy begins his turn and both players' SPC goes up to 6. Referring to the suspected bluff, Antinomy says that he wouldn't let such and cheap trick pass and  activates  his  face-down  " Magnetic Storm ". With this he can destroy a  Spell  or  Trap Card  his opponent controls and the opponent cannot activate anything in response. The card destroyed is " Revenge Return ". It allows Yusei to draw a card when a monster is destroyed, so Antinomy confirms that it was just a bluff.
 
       "Shooting Star Dragon" battles with "T.G. Halberd Cannon"     
 Antinomy attacks "Shooting Star Dragon" with "Halberd Cannon". Yusei activates the effect to remove "Shooting Star Dragon" from play to negate the attack. Again, "Halberd Cannon" negates it and reduces the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" to 900. The attack continues and Antinomy declares that it ends here. However Yusei says that he refuses to allow that and activates the effect of " Devoted Gardna " from his  hand . Since he controls a monster with less than 1000 ATK, he can send "Devoted Gardna" from his hand to the Graveyard to reduce the damage to 0. A forcefield is formed around Yusei. The effect of "Enduring Soul" prevents "Shooting Star Dragon" being destroyed and further reduces its ATK to 100. The forcefield from "Devoted Gardna" shields Yusei from the damage.
 Antinomy realizes that Yusei needed "Halberd Cannon" to reduce the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" to enough to use the effect of "Devoted Gardna". He expected this from Yusei, he thinks, but now Yusei's Life Points and the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" are both at 100 and no cards in his hand. He wonders how Yusei intends to handle this situation. Yusei thinks that Antinomy is strong and realizes that this is the power of his Delta Accel Synchro Monster. He wonders what he can do in this situation.
 The two enter a meteor shower and Yusei looks back as the meteors they pass get sucked into the black hole and start to compress. Antinomy says that it seems the conclusion has been reached and the loser shall be swallowed into the pit of darkness. He then ends his turn.
 Yusei wonders if this is how he dies in the future that Sherry was talking about. Antinomy then calls Yusei and asks if he realizes that he cannot change the future. Yusei replies that he hasn't and he is destined to come here and change the future. His Mark of the Dragon lights up as he vows to defeats Antinomy. On the Ark Cradle, the other  Signers  marks all glow and they wish Yusei luck.
 Yusei refuses to give in and begins his turn. Both players SPC go up to 7. Yusei activates " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ", drawing " Necro Defender " and " Wild Heart " and sending "Necro Defender" to the Graveyard. Yusei Special Summons "Wild Heart", explaining that he can do this since a monster was sent to the Graveyard by an effect. Antinomy says that Summoning a monster with 1000 ATK is useless at this stage, but then realizes what Yusei is planning; "Wild Heart" has two effects: One that lets it use a self-destruction  direct attack  and one that lets it Special Summon itself when it's destroyed by a different card. With this Yusei will be able to attack with "Wild Heart" and when its about to destroy itself, Yusei will be able to negate its destruction using "Shooting Star Dragon" and destroy it with the effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" instead. Then "Wild Heart" can revive itself using its last effect and attack again. Yusei can repeatedly do this as many times as he needs.
 Antinomy is impressed, but refuses to let Yusei use that combo and activates the effect of "Halberd Cannon" to negate the Summon of "Wild Heart" and destroy it. "Wild Heart" gets hit by the "Close Summon" effect and Yusei explains that with the Summon negated he's unable to use the effect of "Wild Heart". Antinomy remarks that Yusei seems to have run out of means, but Yusei says that there is more to come.
 Yusei activates the effect of " Revenge Return " from his Graveyard. Antinomy sees that this is the card he destroyed earlier and gets an idea of what's going on. Yusei explains that when "Revenge Return" is in the Graveyard, it has another effect. By removing it from play, he can Special Summon a monster destroyed by a  card effect  this turn, so he removes it to Special Summon "Wild Heart". Antinomy also calls this useless and activates the "Close Summon" effect of "Halberd Cannon" to negate the Summon. Antinomy repeats that he can use this effect a number of times equal to the amount of Synchro Material Monsters used to Summon "Halberd Cannon". Yusei says that that means he can use it three times. Antinomy affirms this, but although he's used up his three uses, he says that there is nothing left that Yusei can do.
 Although he isn't able to Delta Accel Synchro Summon and doesn't have any Delta Accel Synchro Monsters, Yusei says that it's just like Antinomy taught him; If he believes in his potential, he will be able to surpass and challenge his limits. Yusei activates the effect of " Speed World 2 ", removing 7 SPC to draw a card, which he calls the light of his hope. Yusei draws " Balance Blaster " and sees a combo using it "Shooting Star Dragon" and "Necro Defender".
 Yusei  Normal Summons  "Balance Blaster". He then removes the "Necro Defender" in his Graveyard from play to reduce the damage he will receive to 0. He reminds Antinomy that "Shooting Star Dragon" is protected from destruction by "Enduring Soul", but Antinomy says that with only 100 ATK, "Shooting Star Dragon" can't beat "Halberd Cannon", who has 4000 ATK. Yusei points out that Antinomy has forgotten an effect that "Balance Blaster" and "Enduring Soul" have. Antinomy responds that "Enduring Soul" reduces the ATK of the monster by 800, but since "Shooting Star Dragon" has only 100 ATK, it can't be reduced any further. Yusei asks if that is so and explains that is the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" would be lowered, "Balance Blaster" will negate the decrease and inflict the same amount as  damage  to Antinomy. Using this combo an attack from "Shooting Star Dragon" will result in Antinomy taking 800 damage, Yusei says and adds that "Shooting Star Dragon" can attack multiple times.
 Yusei activates the effect of "Shooting Star Dragon". He checks the top five cards on his Deck and "Shooting Star Dragon" gets one attack for each  Tuner monster  among them. With 1800 Life Points, Antinomy points out that Yusei will need three Tuners and will need a miracle to achieve that. He asks if Yusei is willing to risk it. Yusei asks Antinomy to let him show him his potential. He begins checking the cards. The first is " Turbo Synchron ", which is a Tuner monster. The second is " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", which isn't a Tuner. The third is " Nitro Synchron ", which is a Tuner. The fourth is " Shield Wing ", which isn't a Tuner.
 Before Yusei can draw the fifth, the track starts to shake as it gets sucked into the black hole. Antinomy, now seeming concerned for Yusei, says that they will soon be trapped in the black hole. Once they're inside its radius, there's no way for them to escape to the light. Unless Yusei's next card is a Tuner, he will be elementary particle level will be destroyed and he will disappear. Antinomy anxiously looks at Yusei as he picks up the last card, which turns out to be " Hyper Synchron ", which is a Tuner monster. Antinomy says that it is impossible and Yusei proceeds to attack.
 "Shooting Star Dragon" splits into three and uses its "Stardust Mirage" attack. Each of them attack "Halberd Cannon", who fights them back. The effect of "Balance Blaster" activates and Antinomy says that this is "Yusei's...". Yusei says that it is just as Antinomy taught him, it's the power beyond his limits.
 Antinomy's Life Points drop to 0. His visor cracks and his  Duel Runner ,  Delta Eagle  partly explodes and starts to spin out of control, causing him to fall back into the black hole. Yusei looks back and screams as he also gets consumed into the black hole. He realizes that they have entered the space from which they cannot leave. He spots Antinomy riding up behind him. He asks if Antinomy is alright and is surprised to see him smiling.
 Antinomy says that Yusei has shown him his potential and pleads for Yusei to save the world and save  Z-one . Yusei asks what he means, as Antinomy has been fighting because he knew the world would be destroyed. Antinomy explains that during the time he has spent with Yusei and his friends, he has seen them break through the impossible and when he regained his memory, he made a terrible decision. He says that he can count on Yusei's potential. A piece of Delta Eagle breaks off and cuts Antinomy in the face. Antinomy states that Yusei will succeed and surpass his limits and that is why he started this Duel with him; to show him a new power; Delta Accel. He tells Yusei that it is not too late to perform a Delta Accel Synchro Summon. Yusei looks surprised and asks if that is what Antinomy had tried to teach him from the start.
 Antinomy bows his head and says that if he hadn't been different from Yusei and the others, they might have been true friends. Yusei calls Antinomy Bruno and corrects him, saying that he is one of them, as he is a member of  Team 5D's . He holds his fist out and says that Bruno is his friend. Bruno asks if Yusei considers him a friend and reflects on the time he spent with them as a friend and encourage people to fight alongside him. He says that he had felt the power of infinite possibilities when he had Yusei by his side.
 A part of Delta Eagle blows and Bruno starts to fall back. Yusei holds back his hand and tells Bruno to grab it. Bruno tells him that that is useless and reminds Yusei that he had said that one of them must disappear in  this course . Bruno says that the time he spent with Yusei and his friends were his best days. Bruno gathers the remainder of Delta Eagle's power and pulls over behind  Yusei Go . Yusei asks what he is doing and Bruno calls Yusei his hope. He explains that Accel Synchro is more than light and Yusei must use that light to carve a new future. Bruno rips his helmet and visor off and screams "GO YUSEI!" as Delta Eagle greatly speeds up and pushes Yusei Go towards the light. 
 Another component explodes and Delta Eagle falls back again. Bruno smiles, confident in Yusei. Delta Eagle explodes some more, as Bruno falls back. Yusei keeps screaming Bruno's name as he exits to the light.
 Yusei is transported back to the Ark Cradle and falls off Yusei Go, as the Planetary Gear stops spinning. He stands up and spots Bruno's broken visor. He sees an image of Bruno in them and begins to weep over Bruno's death. 
 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Antinomy 
 ... continued from the previous episode 
 Turn 5: Antinomy 
Antinomy has just managed to Delta Accel Synchro Summon " Tech Genus Halberd Cannon ". "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" attacks " Shooting Star Dragon ", but Yusei activates the third effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" to  remove it from play  until the End Phase, however Antinomy activates the third effect of "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" to  negate  the effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" and decrease its ATK by 800 ("Shooting Star Dragon": 3300 → 2500/2500). Yusei then activates his face-down " Enduring Soul ". Damage is calculated (Yusei 1600 → 100), but Yusei activates the effect of "Enduring Soul" to decrease the ATK of "Shooting Star Dragon" by 800 after damage calculation in order to prevent its destruction ("Shooting Star Dragon": 2500 → 1700/2500).
 Turn 6: Yusei Fudo 
Yusei's hand contains " Sonic Chick " and "Devoted Gardna". Yusei draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World 2 " activates (Antinomy's SPC: 4 → 5; Yusei 's SPC: 4 → 5). He then  Normal Summons  "Sonic Chick" ( 1/300/300) in  Defense Position . Antinomy then activates the first effect of "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" to negate the summon of "Sonic Chick" and destroy it. Yusei  Sets  a card.
 Turn 7: Antinomy 
Antinomy's hand contains " Gravity Collapse ". Antinomy draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World 2" activates (Antinomy's SPC: 5 → 6; Yusei 's SPC: 5 → 6). Antinomy then activates his face-down " Magnetic Storm " to  destroy  Yusei's Set card, " Revenge Return ". 
 "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" attacks "Shooting Star Dragon", but Yusei activates the third effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" to  remove it from play  until the End Phase, however Antinomy activates the third effect of "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" to  negate  the effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" and decrease its ATK by 800 ("Shooting Star Dragon": 1700 → 900/2500). Yusei then activates the effect of " Devoted Gardna " from his hand in order to send "Devoted Gardna" from his hand to the Graveyard and reduce the Battle Damage he would take to 0. After damage calculation, Yusei activates the effect of "Enduring Soul" ("Shooting Star Dragon": 900 → 100/2500) in order to prevent "Shooting Star Dragon" from being destroyed.
 Turn 8: Yusei Fudo 
Yusei draws " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World 2" activates (Antinomy's SPC: 6 → 7; Yusei 's SPC: 6 → 7). Yusei then activates "Speed Spell - Angel Baton" to  draw  two cards and send "Necro Defender" from his hand to the Graveyard. Since a monster was sent from the hand to the Graveyard, Yusei Special Summons " Wild Heart " ( 4/1000/1000) in Attack Position. Antinomy figures out that Yusei plans to use "Wild Heart" to attack him directly. Although "Wild Heart" would be destroyed at the end of the Damage Step, the second effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" will negate the effect of "Wild Heart" and destroy it. This would activate the effect of "Wild Heart" and allow Yusei to revive it. Antinomy then activates the first effect of "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon", negating the summon of "Wild Heart" and destroying it. 
 Yusei then removes the "Revenge Return" in his Graveyard from play in order to revive "Wild Heart" ( 4/1000/1000) in Attack Position. Antinomy then activates the first effect of "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" to negate the summon of "Wild Heart" and destroy it. Yusei then activates the effect of "Speed World 2" to remove seven  Speed Counters  (Yusei's SPC: 7 → 0) and draw a card ("Balance Blaster"). Yusei then Normal Summons " Balance Blaster " ( 1/0/0) in  Attack Position . Yusei then  removes  the " Necro Defender " in his Graveyard from play in order to target "Shooting Star Dragon" and prevent Yusei from taking any Battle Damage from battles involving "Shooting Star Dragon" this turn. 
 Yusei then activates the first effect of "Shooting Star Dragon" to check the top five cards of his Deck and grant "Shooting Star Dragon" one attack for each Tuner Monster he finds. Yusei's top five cards are " Turbo Synchron ", " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", " Nitro Synchron ", " Shield Wing ", and " Hyper Synchron ", so "Shooting Star Dragon" gains three attacks. 
 "Shooting Star Dragon" then attacks "Tech Genus Halberd Cannon" three times. Yusei then activates the effect of "Enduring Soul" three times to prevent "Shooting Star Dragon" from being destroyed. Yusei then activates the effect of "Balance Blaster" to negate the decreases that "Shooting Star Dragon" would have gotten and inflict damage to Antinomy equal to the amount "Shooting Star Dragon" would have lost (Antinomy 1800 → 1000 → 200 → 0).
 
 Trivia 
 T.G. Halberd Cannon only appeared to be destroyed for dramatic effect when in truth it was never destroyed. Additionally, Antinomy's life points appeared to deplete when Halberd Cannon was "destroyed", instead of decreasing by 800 each time Shooting Star Dragon attacked. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Antinomy Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Tech Genus Halberd Cannon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Traps 
 Gravity Collapse 
 Magnetic Storm 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Balance Blaster 
 Devoted Gardna 
 Necro Defender 
 Shield Wing 
 Sonic Chick 
 Wild Heart 
 Tuner monsters 
 Hyper Synchron 
 Nitro Synchron 
 Turbo Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Shooting Star Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Speed Spell - Angel Baton 
 Traps 
 Enduring Soul 
 Revenge Return 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black-Winged Dragon 
 Red Nova Dragon 
 Shooting Star Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 2 
 Cast 
 
 
 Japanese character name [1] 
 
 Japanese voice actor [1] 
 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 
 Yuya Miyashita 
 
 
 Jack Atlas 
 
 Takanori Hoshino 
 
 
 Crow 
 
 Shintaro Asanuma 
 
 
 Aki Izayoi 
 
 Ayumi Kinoshita 
 
 
 Lua 
 
 Ai Horanai 
 
 
 Luca 
 
 Yuka Terasaki 
 
 
 Antinomy 
 
 Hiroki Tanaka 
 
 
 Yeager 
 
 Tetsuya Yanagihara 
 
 
 Tetsu Ushio 
 
 Koji Ochiai 
 
 
 Mikage Sagari 
 
 Aiko Aihashi 
 
 
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 
 Erika Nakagawa 
 
 
 Other
 
 Masayuki Iwashita ,  Koichi Yokota ,  Mika Ishibashi 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   tv-toyko.co.jp   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  "Faster than Light!!" 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 2 episodes 
 
 
#065 " A New Threat, Part 1 " #066 " A New Threat, Part 2 " #067 " Lessons Learned " #068 " Trash Talk " #069 " A Duel With Interest " #070 " The Wicked Spirit " #071 " French Twist, Part 1 " #072 " French Twist, Part 2 " #073 " Synchro Straits " #074 " The Synchro Solution " #075 " Acceleration " #076 " Syd Is Vicious " #077 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 1 " #078 " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 2 " #079 " Putting It All Together " #080 " The Super Genius " #081 " Get With The Program, Part 1 " #082 " Get With The Program, Part 2 " #083 " Will The Real Jack Atlas Please Stand Up, Part 1 " #084 " Will The Real Jack Atlas Please Stand Up, Part 2 " #085 " Mother Knows Best " #086 " Duelist For Hire " #087 " Showdown at Sundown, Part 1 " #088 " Showdown at Sundown, Part 2 " #089 " The Race to Escape, Part 1 " #090 " The Race to Escape, Part 2 " #091 " Clash at Crash Town, Part 1 " #092 " Clash at Crash Town, Part 2 " #093 " The Question of the Card " #094 " Keeping a Promise, Part 1 " #095 " Keeping a Promise, Part 2 " #096 " Natural Instincts, Part 1 " #097 " Natural Instincts, Part 2 " #098 " Power Plays " #099 " Trouble for Team 5D’s " #100 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 1 " #101 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 2 " #102 " The Edge of Elimination, Part 3 " #103 " Party Crashers " #104 " Knight Takes Pawn " #105 " Rook Takes Knight " #106 " Primo's Plan, Part 1 " #107 " Primo's Plan, Part 2 " #108 " Primo's Plan, Part 3 " #109 " Primo's Plan, Part 4 " #110 " Primo's Plan, Part 5 " #111 " The Ancient Land - To Nazca " #112 " The Crimson Devil " #113 " Burning, Seething Soul! Scar-Red Nova Dragon " #114 " Operation: Capture Yeager II! " #115 " Press Him About the Mystery! The Endgame Riding Duel!! " #116 " Momentum Express Development Agency " #117 " The Distorted Past " #118 " A New Rival " #119 " The Impregnable Scrum! Crush the Unbreakable Defense! " #120 " Hold Onto Those Feelings! Hand-Holding Djinn " #121 " The Miraculous Trump Card, Zushin the Sleeping Giant! " #122 " The Power to Believe! The Strongest Giant Zushin VS Shooting Star Dragon " #123 " Eyes on the Prize " #124 " Duel For Redemption " #125 " Soul Solution " #126 " When Nordic Gods Attack " #127 " Tricking The Trickster " #128 " Yusei's Last Stand " #129 " Fight to the Finish Line " #130 " Bound to the Future, Bonds to Our Companions " #131 " The Beginning of the End " #132 " Dawn of the Machines " #133 " Against All Odds " #134 " For Synchro's Sake " #135 " Fight for the Future " #136 " Victory or Doom " #137 " An Approaching Terror - The Citadel of God, Ark Cradle " #138 " Suspension Bridge toward the Future, The Rainbow Bridge Bifrost " #139 " The Enchanting Field! École de Zone " #140 " Soul-Binding Gate! The Sealed Future! " #141 " Duel of Despair! Fortissimo the Mobile Fortress! " #142 " A Life-or-Death Battle! Machine Imperial God Dragon Asterisk " #143 " The Miracle of Life, Life Stream Dragon!! " #144 " Beginning of the End, Struggle to the Death for the Future! " #145 " Faster than Light!! " #146 " The Last Human, Z-ONE " #147 " A Hope Bound for the Future! " #148 " Just One Chance to Turn It All Around " #149 " The Revived Hero " #150 " Entrusted Feelings of My Father " #151 " Converging Wishes " #152 " An Advancing Future " #153 " Clashing Souls! " #154 " Shining Forth to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/85/YGO5D145.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110126092836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/5Dx145_Burglars.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110208005426', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/5Dx145_Tech_Genus_vs_Shooting_Star.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150323023205', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes