Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_116


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 116 
 
 
 
 
 Diana and Apollo activate their Trap Cards. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 太 陽 と 月 の 守 護 者 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Taiyō to Tsuki no Shugosha 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Protectors of the Sun and Moon 
 
 
 English 
 A Towering Achievement 
 
 
 Number 
 116 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 31, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 11, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " LIGHT OF HOPE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Vision " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Naoki Kotani 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoki Kotani 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidekazu Ebina 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Towering Achievement ", known as " Protectors of the Sun and Moon " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundred and sixteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 31, 2016 and in Canada on November 11, 2017. Nicktoons aired it on May 5, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on June 13, 2017. 
 Yugo  learns that  Rin  is being held captive on one of  Duel Academy's  towers and heads towards there immediately. Standing before him is the  "Keeper of the Eastern Tower" . At the same time, the  "Keeper of the Western Tower"  stands before  Kite  who is trying to save  Lulu .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Kite Tenjo vs. Diana 
 2.2   Yugo vs. Apollo 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Errors 
 6   In other languages 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
       Yugo  is teleported into the middle of a class.     
 A  Duel Academy  professor is instructing his students on a situation where a  Fusion Summon  will fail when all of a sudden  Yugo  and his  Duel Runner  materialize on his desk and Yugo snaps that his name isn't Fusion, it's Yugo, much to the shock of both the professor and his  red jacketed students  (In the dub, the Professor is instead announcing a pop quiz, with Yugo sarcastically stating that he’s good at multiple-choice questions). Yugo soon breaks down the door and roars out of the room, yelling that he isn't a failure. The poor professor can only protest that bikes aren't allowed in the hallways, and Yugo retorts that it's a Duel Runner, not a bike (in the dub, the professor asks if Yugo considered taking driver's ed, and Yugo replies he never needed it). He weaves through more students and then he loudly and angrily asks where he is. 
 
       Kite  pins  Yugo , believing him to be a Fusion Follower.     
 Yusho ,  Alexis  and  Kite  all step off the boat, and Alexis observes that it's odd that there's no Duel Academy soldiers. Yugo waits in the shadows as Yusho observes that it may be because  Leo Akaba  is expecting them (Leo isn't mentioned in the dub), much to Alexis' surprise. Kite declares that  Lulu  is in that tower, so he has to rescue her even if it is a trap. He runs off, and Yugo calls to him. Kite swiftly grabs Yugo's arm and pins him to the ground with his arm twisted behind his back, and Yugo yelps that he gives up in English. Kite calls him a Fusion follower, and Yugo protests that it's not Fusion, it's Yugo. For once Yugo's clarification actually works (this discussion is replaced in the dub), and Kite realizes that Yugo is the person that Alexis mentioned and he lets him go, telling him that they have to hurry before running off. Yugo wonders what's wrong with Kite, and Alexis asks how Yugo got here before they did. Yugo explains that  Zuzu's bracelet  glowed and then he was here. Alexis is confused by his wording, and Yugo admits that he's not sure himself and it's happened a lot of times before. He asks where they are, and Alexis explains that they're at Duel Academy. Yugo is surprised to learn that he's at Duel Academy, and Alexis adds that they know where  Rin  is as well. Yugo quickly grabs Alexis' lapels and he asks where she is, and Alexis points him towards the tower on the coast where Rin is. Yugo lets go, yelling that Alexis should have said so sooner, and he gets on his Duel Runner where he hid it and roars off. Yusho warns him to be careful, since this could be a Duel Academy trap, but Yugo isn't listening. Yusho smiles and he admits that there's no point in saying anything and he suggests that they get going. Alexis agrees, and they look up at Duel Academy as Yusho says, "To Leo Akaba." 
 Yugo drives through a tunnel and into a canyon, whispering Rin's name in his head. He catches sight of the Eastern Tower and he observes that Rin is up there, isn't she? He tells her to wait for him; he's coming to get her. Kite has also reached the Western Tower and he urges  Shay  to be patient as he's going to save Shay's sister.
 On  Declan's  speedboat,  Yuya  explains that  Celina  is being controlled and has taken  Zuzu  to Duel Academy.  Gong  notes that if they include Shay's little sister Lulu then that makes three girls at Duel Academy. Yuya corrects him; that Rin girl that Yugo is looking for is probably there.  Yuto  agrees, noting that Yugo mistook him for  Yuri  and chased him instead (in the dub, Yuto simply says that Yugo might join them in their fight). Yuya muses that now the Professor has all of the girls that he wants. He asks  Sora  if he knows anything about why the Professor wants Zuzu and the others, and Sora replies that he thought he'd already told Yuya that he doesn't know. The  Arc Project  headed by the Professor is to unite the  Four Dimensions . Yuya muses that there are girls who look like Zuzu in all of the other dimensions and Gong adds that for some reason the Professor needs all four girls. Declan narrows his eyes as Sora states that the world is divided into four dimensions, and if the Professor was looking for the four girls in each dimension, then maybe the four of them are connected to the Arc Project. Yuya whispers Zuzu's name and Gong comments that he gets it; if they rescue the girls then they'll probably stop the Arc Project. Yuya agrees that they have to rescue them as soon as possible, as do the other assembled  Lancers .
 Kite reaches the top of the Western Tower to find a woman dressed in white Greek clothing carrying a staff, who introduces herself as  Diana , the guardian of the Western Tower. Kite asks if Lulu is here, but Diana replies that he'll have to defeat her to pass, and she tosses her staff aside and she activates her  Duel Disk . Kite replies that he'll crush her, and he activates his own Duel Disk, and both Duelists cry "Duel!" Diana takes the first turn, and she activates the  Spell Card  " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Guardian Baou " and " Penumbral Soldier Lady " from her hand. She  chants , "The two warriors become one when the shining moonlight strikes the flamberge! Fusion Summon!  Penumbral Keeper ! Descend! ((Dub) “When this  righteous slashing sword  shines in the  blinding bright lunar light , the two warriors become one! I Fusion Summon!  Penumbral Keeper !)" She activates the effect of "Penumbral Keeper",  Special Summoning  a " Keeper Shield Token ", which will prevent Kite from attacking "Penumbral Keeper". Diana Sets a card, ending her turn. 
 Yugo drives up the stairs of the Eastern Tower, and he roars onto the landing, calling Rin's name. A man in a large red cape stands before him, and he introduces himself  Apollo , the guardian of the Eastern Tower. Yugo orders him to can it; he doesn't care whether he's called Afro or Popolo ("Hollow" or "a swallow" in the dub) but he has no business with an old man. He asks where Rin is and he orders Apollo to bring her to him, but Apollo replies that he'll have to beat him if he wants her, and he activates his Duel Disk. Yugo groans that it's a pain, and he activates his own Duel Disk, and replies that he'll destroy Apollo as he wishes. Both Duelists cry "Duel", and Apollo takes the first turn, activating "Polymerization" to fuse " Guardian Tryce " and " Luminous Soldier " from his hand. He chants, "The two warriors become one when the radiant sun strikes the twin blades! Fusion Summon!  Luminous Keeper ! Descend! ("When their glistening swords shine in the sun, my two brave warriors shall become one! I Fusion Summon Luminous Keeper!" in the dub)" He activates the effect of "Luminous Keeper",  Special Summoning  a "Keeper Shield Token", which will prevent Yugo from attacking "Luminous Keeper". Apollo Sets a card, ending his turn. 
 Yugo declares his turn and he draws and activates the Spell Card " Speedroid Scratch " from his hand, discarding a " Speedroid " from his hand to add another "Speedroid" from his Deck to his hand. He discards " Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke " and a coin appears and scratches a "Z" into the "Speedroid Scratch" card, which dissipates to reveal " Speedroid Double Yoyo " as Yugo adds it to his hand. He immediately Summons "Double Yoyo" and activates its effect since it was  Normal Summoned ,  Special Summoning  a  Level 3  or lower "Speedroid" from his  Graveyard . "Double Yoyo" blasts its sides into a graveyard portal and retrieves "Den-Den Daiko Duke". Yugo  tunes  the  Level 4  "Double Yoyo" with the Level 3 "Den-Den Daiko Duke" to  Synchro Summon  the  Level 7  " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ".
 At the Western Tower, Kite declares his turn and he draws. He Summons " Cipher Wing " from his hand, and then Special Summons another from his hand since he controls a "Cipher Wing". Next he activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Double Exposure ", doubling the  Levels  of  Level 6  or lower monsters with the same name. Both "Cipher Wings" become  Level 8 , and Kite  overlays  them to  Xyz Summon  the  Rank 8  " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ". Both "Clear Wing" and "Galaxy-Eyes" roar and bare their chests.
 Apollo observes that Yugo summoned his  ace monster , and Diana comments that it seems that Kite wants to end the Duel quickly, but suggests that they have a little fun. Both Diana and Apollo activate the  Continuous Trap Card  " Admiration of the Keepers ". Apollo explains that it will negate the effect of "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" and Special Summon two more "Keeper Shield Tokens" to his field. "Clear Wing" glows red and two more Tokens appear from red light. Meanwhile, Diana also explains that it will negate the effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" and Special Summon two more "Keeper Shield Tokens" to her field. "Galaxy-Eyes" glows blue and two more Tokens appear from blue light. Apollo explains that Yugo's targeted monster can attack all of the "Keeper Shield Tokens", and Diana explains that if Kite's monster does not attack, on the other hand, it will be destroyed. Apollo asks what Yugo will do, will he attack his "Keeper Shield Tokens", or… (in the dub, he adds that the choice is simple to him)? Diana asks if Kite will instead not attack and lose his ace monster. Kite scoffs that there was never a choice and he attacks a "Keeper Shield Token" with "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon's" " Cipher Stream of Destruction ", destroying it. Yugo declares his  Battle Phase  and he attacks a "Keeper Shield Token" with "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon", destroying it. 
 Apollo activates the effect of "Luminous Keeper", lowering the  ATK  of the monster that destroyed a "Keeper Shield Token" by 800 and inflicting 800 damage to Yugo. "Clear Wing" falls to 1700 ATK and Yugo to 3200  LP . He laughs and explains that as Yugo keeps destroying his Tokens his monster's ATK will be lowered and his LP cut down; will Yugo keep attacking? Smoking from the damage, Yugo angrily muses that that's Apollo's goal. Diana activates the effect of "Moon Protector", lowering the  ATK  of the monster that destroyed a "Protector's Shield Token" by 800 and increasing her LP by 800. "Galaxy-Eyes" falls to 2200 ATK and Diana rises to 4800  LP . She laughs and explains that as Kite keeps destroying her Tokens his monster's ATK will be lowered and her LP increased; will Kite keep attacking? Kite calls her an impudent imitation (in the dub, Kite replies that he'll beat her). 
 Apollo reminds Yugo that he can always end his turn if he wants his LP to stop falling, though he'll lose "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" if he does. Yugo snaps that he can't allow that, and he attacks the second "Keeper Shield Token" with "Clear Wing", destroying it and triggering the effect of "Luminous Keeper", reducing the ATK of "Clear Wing" by 800, to 900, and inflicting 800 damage to Yugo, reducing him to 2400 LP. Yugo orders "Clear Wing" to attack the third Token, destroying it and once again activating the effect of "Luminous Keeper", reducing "Clear Wing" to 100 ATK and Yugo to 1600 LP. Kite also declares that there is only one thing that he can do no matter what trick Diana pulls, and he attacks the second "Keeper Shield Token" with "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon", destroying it and activating the effect of "Penumbral Keeper", reducing the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes" by 800, to 1400, and increasing Diana's LP by 800, to 5600. Kite urges Shay to be patient again and he promises to save Shay's sister. He attacks the third "Keeper Shield Token" with "Galaxy-Eyes", destroying it and once again activating the effect of "Penumbral Keeper", reducing "Galaxy-Eyes" to 600 ATK and increasing Diana to 5600 LP.
 Apollo observes that even though Yugo's LP was decimated, his ace monster is still here, though he wonders if there's even a point in having it when it only has a tiny 100 ATK. Yugo replies that there is, much to Apollo's surprise, and Yugo reminds Apollo that "Sun Protector" has lost all of its shields. Since Yugo took damage during the Battle Phase he can Special Summon " Speedroid Gum Prize " from his hand and then tune the Level 7 "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" with the  Level 1  "Speedroid Gum Prize". He chants, "Shine the wings that store the holy light, and strike down your enemies with its radiance! Synchro Summon! Come forth! Level 8!  Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon ! ((Dub) "... to pave the way for an even mightier dragon! I Synchro Summon! Take flight,  Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon !")" Apollo explains that "Admiration of the Keepers" is destroyed since it lost its target. He is shocked that Yugo was able to summon a stronger ace monster like this, but declares that Yugo can't beat him with just that. Yugo asks what Apollo is saying and he reminds him that his turn isn't over yet. When "Speedroid Gum Prize" is used for a Synchro Summon, Yugo can draw a card, and if it's a "Speedroid" he can send it to the Graveyard and add its ATK to "Crystal Wing". He muses that this draw will decide it all, and he can't waste any time since Rin is right here. As he remembers Rin, he declares that he's counting on his cards and he draws.
 He draws " Speedroid Ohajikid " and cries, "Heck yes! Bingo!" "Gum Prize" appears and ejects a box, and "Ohajikid" emerges in a flash of light as Yugo explains that its 1000 ATK will be added to "Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon", which rises to 4000 ATK. Yugo attacks "Luminous Keeper" with "Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon", and Apollo protests that he'll still be able to survive to the next turn even if "Luminous Keeper" is destroyed. But Yugo revs his Duel Runner and tells Apollo to wait; there's more. When "Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon" battles a  Level 5  or higher monster, its effect increases its ATK by that of the other monster. "Crystal Wing's" blades glow blue as it rises to 6400 ATK, and Apollo repeats the ATK value in horror (in the dub, he simply says this can't be happening). "Crystal Wing" zig-zags through the air and attacks with "Krystallos Edge of Gales", destroying "Luminous Keeper" and wiping Apollo out in a single blow. Yugo screeches to a halt, removes his helmet, and he runs inside the tower, calling Rin's name.
 Diana observes that even though her LP was increased, Kite's ace monster is still here, though she wonders if there's even a point in having it when it only has a tiny 600 ATK. Kite replies that of course there is, much to Diana's surprise, and Kite reminds Diana that "Penumbral Keeper" has lost all of its shields. He activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Rank-Up-Magic Cipher Pursuit ", since there is a difference of at least 2000 between their LP, allowing him to target a monster he controls and Xyz Summon a " Cipher " monster that is one  Rank  higher. He chants, "Galaxy shining in the darkness. Release the forever unchanging light and become the beacon that illuminates the future!  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution ! Descend! Rank 9!  Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon ! ((Dub) Say farewell to  Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon , and hello to a Monster of even greater galactic power! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution!  Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon !)" Diana explains that "Admiration of the Keepers" is destroyed since it lost its target. Kite explains that the effect of "Cipher Pursuit" allows him to activate the effect of "Neo Galaxy-Eyes", and he detaches all of its Overlay Units to activate its "Cipher Super Projection" effect. "Neo Galaxy-Eyes" streams light from its wings as Kite explains that the effect will negate the effects of Diana's monsters and allow him to take control of them, treating them as "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" until the  End Phase  and preventing them from attacking. Diana grits her teeth and she laments the loss of her monster. Kite also activates the Quick-Play Spell Card " Galaxy-Eyes Nova ",  Tributing  the second "Neo Galaxy-Eyes" to Special Summon "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" from his Graveyard. 
 Diana backs away in horror, and Kite attacks directly with both "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" and "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon". Both monsters ascend above the clouds and deploy their wings, and Diana stumbles and falls as she begs Kite not to attack. Sunlight falls on Kite as he glares at Diana and he asks her if she is ready to repent. Diana screams in terror and Kite orders his monsters to attack with "Double Cipher Stream of Destruction". The attack blasts away the clouds and slams Diana into the ground, wiping her out and knocking her unconscious. Kite glares at her until he remembers why he came here, and he calls Lulu's name and rushes into the Western Tower. The  watching man  who is standing beside the Professor smiles as he looks at the unconscious bodies of Diana and Apollo.
 Kite bashes the door open and finds Lulu sitting in a chair. Lulu is surprised to see Kite and she asks why he's here. Kite suggests that they go; Shay is waiting, and Lulu agrees and she thanks Kite.
 
       Rin knees Yugo (this is cut from the English dub).     Yugo has also just bashed Rin's door open, and Rin turns towards him from her seat on her bed as Yugo pants. Yugo whispers Rin's name and Rin gets up and says Yugo's name. As he's done to Zuzu and Celina before, Yugo cries Rin's name and he rushes towards her...and Rin knees him in the stomach several times, knocking the wind out of him (cut from the dub). Rin angrily snaps that Yugo is late and she asks what took him so long. Poor Yugo can only weakly whisper Rin's name, and Rin tearfully explains that she's been waiting all this time; anxious, powerless and scared. Tears pour down her face as she runs to Yugo and hugs him tightly, calling him an idiot ("jerk" in the dub). Yugo returns the hug and he whisper's Rin's name. The watching man holds up an  Effect Monster  - " Fusion Parasite ", and his mouth twists into a nightmarish grin. Yugo softly reassures Rin that it's okay; he's here now. Rin agrees - and then her relieved smile twists into a mirror of the man's as a spider captures a butterfly in its web...
 Featured Duels 
 Kite Tenjo vs. Diana 
         Kite  vs.  Diana .     
 Turn 1: Diana 
 Diana   activates  " Polymerization ",  fusing  the " Guardian Baou " and " Penumbral Soldier Lady " in her  hand  to  Fusion Summon  " Penumbral Keeper " (2100/2400) in  Attack Position . She activates the  effect  of "Penumbral Keeper" to  Special Summon  a " Keeper Shield Token " (0/0) in  Defense Position . While Diana  controls  a "Protector's Shield Token", "Moon Protector" cannot be  attacked . Diana  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Kite 
 Kite   Normal Summons  " Cipher Wing " (1400/1200). As he controls a "Cipher Wing", he  Special Summons  another "Cipher Wing" from his hand in Attack Position (1400/1200) via its own effect. Kite then activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Double Exposure ". He activates its first effect, allowing him to double the  Levels  of two Level 6 or lower monsters with the same name he controls. Kite  targets  the "Cipher Wings" (  4 → 8). Kite  overlays  his two Level 8  monsters  to  Xyz Summon  " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Diana activates her  face-down  " Admiration of the Keepers ", letting her Special Summon two "Keeper Shield Tokens" (0/0 each),  negate  the effects of an opponent's monster that was Special Summoned from the  Extra Deck  and allow that monster to attack all "Keeper Shield Tokens" Diana controls once each. If that monster did not attack all "Keeper Shield Tokens" during that  turn 's  Battle Phase , it will be  destroyed  at the end of the Battle Phase. Diana targets "Cipher Dragon".
 "Cipher Dragon" attacks and destroys a "Keeper Shield Token". As a "Keeper Shield Token" was destroyed by an opponent's monster, Diana activates the effect of "Penumbral", decreasing the  ATK  of that monster by 800 and gaining 800  LP  ("Cipher Dragon" 3000 → 2200, Diana 4000 → 4800). "Cipher Dragon" attacks and destroys the two remaining "Keeper Shield Tokens", with the effect of "Protector" activating after each attack ("Cipher Dragon" 2200 → 1400 → 600, Diana 4800 → 5600 → 6400). As the difference between his own and his opponent's LP is 2000 or more, Kite activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Rank-Up-Magic Cipher Pursuit " allowing him to  Rank-Up  a " Cipher "  Xyz Monster  he controls by using it as the  Overlay Unit  for a "Cipher" Xyz Monster 1  Rank  higher than it. Kite overlays "Cipher Dragon" and performs an  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to Xyz Summon " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " (4500/3000) in Attack Position. As the targeted monster  left the field , "Admiration of the Keepers" is destroyed via its own effect. The other effect of "Cipher Pursuit" allows Kite to activate the effect of "Neo Cipher Dragon" immediately,  detaching  an Overlay Unit to gain control of all monsters his opponent controls and treat them as "Neo Cipher", but their effects will be negated and they cannot attack this turn. Kite takes control of "Penumbral Keeper". Kite activates the Quick-Play Spell Card " Galaxy-Eyes Nova " which allows him to  Tribute  a " Galaxy-Eyes " monster and Special Summon a "Galaxy-Eyes" monster from the Graveyard. Kite Tributes "Penumbral Keeper" treated as "Neo Cipher" and Special Summons "Cipher Dragon" (3000/2500). "Neo Cipher Dragon" and "Cipher Dragon" attack  directly  (Diana 6400 → 0).
 
 Yugo vs. Apollo 
         Yugo  vs.  Apollo .     
 Turn 1: Apollo 
 Apollo   activates  " Polymerization ",  fusing  the " Guardian Tryce " and " Luminous Soldier " in his  hand  to  Fusion Summon  " Luminous Keeper " (2400/2100) in  Attack Position . He activates the  effect  of "Sun Protector" to  Special Summon  a " Keeper Shield Token " (0/0) in  Defense Position . While Apollo  controls  a "Keeper Shield Token", "Luminous Keeper" cannot be  attacked . Apollo  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yugo 
 Yugo  activates " Speedroid Scratch ", letting him  send  a " Speedroid "  monster  in his hand to the  Graveyard  to  add  a "Speedroid" monster from his  Deck  to his hand. He sends " Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke " to add " Speedroid Double Yoyo ". Yugo  Normal Summons  "Double Yoyo" (1400/1400). As it was Normal Summoned, its  effect  activates, letting him  Special Summon  a Level 3 or lower "Speedroid" monster from his Graveyard. He Special Summons "Den-Den Daiko Duke" (1200/600). Yugo  tunes  the Level 4 "Double Yoyo" and the Level 3  Tuner monster  "Den-Den Daiko Duke" to  Synchro Summon  " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Apollo activates his  face-down  " Admiration of the Keepers ", letting him Special Summon two "Keeper Shield Tokens" (0/0 each),  negate  the effects of an opponent's monster that was Special Summoned from the  Extra Deck  and allow that monster to attack all "Keeper Shield Tokens" Apollo controls once each. If that monster did not attack all "Keeper Shield Tokens" during that  turn 's  Battle Phase , it will be  destroyed  at the end of the Battle Phase. He targets "Clear Wing".
 "Clear Wing" attacks and destroys a "Keeper Shield Token". As a "Keeper Shield Token" was destroyed by an opponent's monster, Apollo activates the effect of "Luminous Keeper" to decrease the attacking monster's  ATK  by 800 and inflict 800  damage  to Yugo. ("Clear Wing" 2500 → 1700, Yugo 4000 → 3200). "Clear Wing" attacks and destroys the remaining "Keeper Shield Tokens", with the effect of "Luminous Keeper" activating each time ("Clear Wing" 1700 → 900 → 100, Yugo 3200 → 2400 → 1600). 
 As Yugo took damage during the Battle Phase, he Special Summons " Speedroid Gum Prize " (0/800) from his hand via its own effect. As it was Special Summoned via its own effect, its other effect lets Yugo Synchro Summon a monster immediately. He tunes the Level 7 "Clear Wing" with the Level 1 Tuner monster "Gum Prize" to Synchro Summon " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. As the targeted monster  left the field , "Admiration of the Keepers" is destroyed via its own effect. As "Gum Prize" was sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, Yugo activates its effect, letting him  draw a card ,  reveal  it and send it to the Graveyard. If it was a "Speedroid" monster, the Synchro Monster Summoned by its first effect will gain ATK equal to the sent monster's ATK. He draws " Speedroid Ohajikid " and sends it to the Graveyard ("Crystal Wing" 3000 → 4000). "Crystal Wing" attacks "Luminous Keeper". As "Crystal Wing" is  battling  an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster, Yugo activates the effect of "Crystal Wing", increasing its ATK by the ATK of the attack target during  damage calculation  ("Crystal Wing" 4000 → 6400). "Luminous Keeper" is destroyed (Apollo 4000 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode.  Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Kite Tenjo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cipher Wing  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon 
 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Double Exposure 
 Galaxy-Eyes Nova 
 Rank-Up-Magic Cipher Pursuit 
 
 Diana Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guardian Baou 
 Penumbral Soldier Lady Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Penumbral Keeper Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Admiration of the Keepers 
 
 Yugo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Speedroid Double Yoyo 
 Speedroid Ohajikid 
 Speedroid Razorang [Notes 1] 
 Tuner monsters 
 Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke 
 Speedroid Gum Prize 
 Speedroid Red-Eyed Dice [Notes 2] Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speedroid Scratch 
 Traps 
 Speed Turn [Notes 1] 
 Urgent Tuning [Notes 1] 
 
 Apollo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Guardian Tryce 
 Luminous Soldier Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Luminous Keeper Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Admiration of the Keepers 
 
 The Doktor Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Fusion Parasite 
 
 Duel Academy blackboard Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Raigeki Break 
 Trivia 
 When  Yugo  is teleported to a classroom in  Duel Academy , " Ryo Marufuji " appears in English text on the blackboard. This is the Japanese name of  Zane Truesdale . 
 The scene where Yugo rides toward the Eastern tower where  Rin  is being held captive is the same scene from the opening  LIGHT OF HOPE , though Rin and " Crystal Wing Synchro Dragon " are absent. 
 Errors 
 " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " is shown with one  Overlay Unit  after its Summon instead of three.
 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 ผู้พิทักษ์ตะวันและจันทรา
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in his  hand  when he  declares  his second  attack  with " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ". 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen on the bottom of his  Deck  when he speaks with  Alexis . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/ArcV_116.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160731174557', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Yugo_Appears_In_Classroom.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928100247', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Kite_Pins_Yugo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161103040432', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Rin_Knees_Yugo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928043129', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/Kaito_VS_Diana.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160731181833', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Yugo_VS_Apollo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160731181845', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes