Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_047


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 047 
 
 
 
 
 Yuri  advances with  his Dragon  as he looks for  Zuzu . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 冷 たい 笑 みのユーリ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tsumetai Emi no Yūri 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Yuri of The Cold Smile 
 
 
 English 
 Identity Crisis 
 
 
 Number 
 047 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 15, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 24, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 January 3, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 April 15, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dragon's Vengance " 
 " Battlefronts " 
 
 
 
 
 " Identity Crisis ", known as " Yuri of The Cold Smile " in the Japanese version, is the forty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 15, 2015 and in Australia on January 24, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on December 10, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 The Battle Royal in the  Arc League Championship  continued on. However, many invaders from different dimensions came, throwing the tournament into chaos.  Yuya  and  Zuzu  were then each involved in new battles...
 In order to prove to  Celina  the truth, Zuzu tries to approach  Shay . However, standing before her way is  Yuri , who received secret orders from  Leo Akaba . While escaping from the overwhelming power of Yuri, Zuzu encounters  Yugo , who resembles Yuya. On the other hand,  Sora  and Shay's Duel rages on, seemingly without an end. As the Duel reaches its climax, yet another new intrusion...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Senior Division Lancers vs. Obelisk Force 
 2.2   Shay Obsidian vs. Sora Perse 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Differences from the preview 
 5   Errors 
 6   In other languages 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 At the  LID  Center Court, the crowd are furious that none of the streams are showing, and  Nico Smiley  sits in the middle of the arena in frustration; he doesn't know who is Dueling where or who is beating who, and now this isn't even a live broadcast. He begs to be allowed to do his job.  Ally ,  Frederick  and  Tate  wrap up warm to spend the night at the stadium as Tate comments that it looks like  Henrietta Akaba  was telling the truth; the Senior Class are doing their own  Battle Royal . Frederick asks what the "LOST" text on Tate's  Duel Disk  means for Ren Takamine and Koki Shinoda, and Tate theorizes that it must mean that they were defeated in a Duel and lost their  Pendulum Cards . Ally holds up her own Duel Disk, gasping that  Riley  won his Duel, and Tate realizes that he'll be Dueling Riley in the finals. 
 A glow shines out as  Dennis  looks over the Iceberg Area. He turns and comments that it's just him, and he was beginning to wonder if he was coming. He tells  Yuri  that he's finally arrived. Yuri walks forward, asking if Dennis has found  her  yet. Dennis replies "Of course!" in English ("Sure did!" in the dub), and turns to point at Zuzu, but much to their surprise, Zuzu is already surrounded by three  Obelisk Force  Duelists. Dennis tuts about the situation, and Yuri asks why the Obelisk Force are here. Dennis explains that Zuzu has switched clothes with  Celina , who is likely who the Obelisk Force are after. He comments that the two are lookalikes, just like Yuri and  Yuya . Yuri sternly asks who Yuya is, and Dennis begins explaining that Yuya is the guy from the  Standard Dimension  who looks like Yuri. Before he can finish, they both hear screaming as  Halil  and  Olga  toboggan along an ice wave, ramping into the air and crashing against the railing on the other side of the building. Halil gasps that that was too scary. Olga protests that it's because Halil wanted to ride it. Halil points out that they found some Duelists. Dennis cheerfully laments that Halil and Olga saw them, and Olga asks what Yuri and Dennis are doing there. Dennis comments that that’s the last thing that he wants to hear from the other two LID students, and he looks on sadly as Yuri steps forward, commenting that Halil and Olga are nuisances. Halil and Olga get fierce looks on their faces.
 
       Zuzu  is surrounded by the  Obelisk Force .     
 Zuzu looks around at the Obelisk Force, thinking that in order for Celina to learn what truly happened in the  Xyz Dimension , she needs to meet with  Shay . She has to keep these guys away from her. She activates her Duel Disk, and the Obelisk Force activate their sword-shaped Duel Disks, prompting Zuzu to note that the Obelisk Force are definitely from the  Fusion Dimension . She declares that since it's come to this, she'll have to fight. Yuri calls the Obelisk Force nuisances as well, leaping from the building to land in a crouch. His resemblance to Yuya strikes Zuzu, and Yuri irritably asks what she's saying; he's not Yuya. He stands up and tells the Obelisk Force to get out of his way, or they'll end up like these two. Yuri tosses two cards forwards, which embed in the ice. Zuzu is shocked to see them, and the ice breaks, turning the cards over to reveal Halil and Olga  sealed  inside. The Obelisk Force run off as Zuzu kneels down, shocked that Halil and Olga are sealed inside the cards. 
 Yuri walks up and asks if she knew them. He apologizes, explaining that they were in his way, but she can have them back. Zuzu remembers Yuya telling her about  Yugo , someone else who resembled him and  Yuto , and she decides that Yuri must be Yugo. She asks him why he did this, and Yuri responds in confusion that he did it because they were nuisances. Zuzu angrily yells at him, but Yuri softly interrupts, warning her that he'll turn her into a card too if she keeps bugging him about it. The threat silences Zuzu, and Yuri admits that he won't do that, since if he did, he'd get scolded by  the Professor . Zuzu remembers Celina telling her about the Professor, the highest authority at  Duel Academy . She asks if Yuri is from Duel Academy, and Yuri replies that he is. He comments that Zuzu really does look just like  Lulu  and  Rin . Zuzu gasps in shock, and she asks if Yuri kidnapped Lulu, and he admits that he did with a grin. She asks him why, and he replies that it was because it was the Professor's orders. Right now, he's acting on the orders of the Professor; the orders to bring Zuzu to him. Zuzu asks him why, and Yuri walks up to her, explaining that he doesn't know; he only follows. He holds out his hand and tells her to come with him to see the Professor (in the dub, he adds that he hopes she refuses, because he prefers the hard way). But the leering smile on his face gives Zuzu pause, and she slaps his hand away and backflips four times, landing on her feet. Yuri shakes the hand that Zuzu slapped, praising her, commenting that she really is just like Lulu and Rin. Yuri suggests that they Duel, and if he wins, she has to listen to what he says. Zuzu asks if Yuri kidnapped this Rin girl in addition to Lulu, but Yuri ignores her, telling her to come on; wasn't she just ready to go all out against the Obelisk Force? Zuzu hesitates, so Yuri activates his Duel Disk, telling Zuzu that if she won’t start, he will. Zuzu grits her teeth, vowing that she won't go down easily.
 Off to the side, Dennis stands with the Obelisk Force, commenting that now they can leave this to Yuri. He turns and flips his collar to reveal his Duel Academy pin, telling the Obelisk Force that they'll have to listen to him.
 In the Volcano Area, the real Yugo sits on his  Duel Runner , perched on top of an outcrop. He opens his visor, puzzled at the apparent change from the Ice Age to a blazing hell, and he wonders what’s going on with this dimension. Then he hears screams, and he looks across to where the three Senior Team members are Dueling the Obelisk Force.  Kev Ravenwood  and his two fellows still control their ace monsters, " Hierophant of Prophecy ", " Naturia Leodrake ", and " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth ", but the Obelisk Force each control a copy of " Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " and “ Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ”. The Obelisk Force with a yellow jewel in his mask activates the  Continuous Spell Card , " Ancient Armageddon Gear ". Then he reminds the Youth Team of the effect of "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound"; it can attack three times during each  Battle Phase , and the effect of "Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" will destroy any monster with a  Gear Counter  on it before damage calculation. First, he declares, he’ll start with the purple-haired Duelist's monster. The purple-haired Duelist recoils in fear as "Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" attacks, and the effect of "Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" flings a Gear Counter at "Naturia Leodrake", destroying it. A cannon-covered machine emerges from the ground as the yellow jeweled Obelisk Force explains that it will inflict damage equal to the destroyed monster's  ATK . The machine blasts several bolts of light that coalesce into a single blast that knocks the purple-haired Duelist down, reducing his  LP  from 2400 to zero. The impact throws the Duelist to the feet of the red jeweled Obelisk Force, who begins inputting a code into his Duel Disk. The purple-haired Duelist begs the Obelisk Force to stop, but no-one heeds his words and he screams in fear as purple light envelopes him and disintegrates his body. A card slides out of the Duel Disk, bearing the image of the Duelist, and the red jeweled Obelisk Force laughs as he holds the card. "Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth" is destroyed as well, and the yellow jeweled Obelisk Force tells the  Insect  Duelist that with the same effect, he'll take 3500 damage. Another blast strikes the terrified Insect Duelist down, reducing his LP from 2100 to zero. The Insect Duelist falls on his face, and is swiftly sealed in a card by the green jeweled Obelisk Force. Yugo recognizes the Obelisk Force from the invasion of the Xyz Dimension, remembering red-jacketed Duel Academy students transforming the fleeing and helpless citizens of  Heartland City  into cards. He furiously asks if those bastards are here too. The yellow jeweled Obelisk Force tells Kev that he will be next, and Kev cries out in fear. 
 Yugo roars at the Obelisk Force to hold it right there. Ramping into the air, Yugo lands on the bridge in the middle of the Obelisk Force. In the  Leo Corporation  observation room, Yugo’s presence is noted by the technicians, and  Claude  wonders if Yugo is from the  Synchro Dimension . Yugo's Duel Disk activates, and he  Special Summons  " Speedroid Menko " from his hand via its own effect, and then changes all of his opponent's monsters to  Defense Position . "Menko" blasts steam from its corners, switching all of the Obelisk Force's  Fusion Monsters  to Defense Position. The yellow jeweled Obelisk Force curses and ends his turn. The red jeweled Obelisk Force asks who Yugo is, and Yugo introduces himself. Mistaking his name for "Fusion", the red jeweled Obelisk Force asks if Yugo is an ally ("We go where?" in the dub). Frustrated at his name being mistaken  again , Yugo speeds towards the Obelisk Force, snapping that he said  Yugo . He declares his turn and draws, then Summons the  Tuner monster  " Speedroid Tri-Eyed Dice " as he drives up an outcrop and speeds into the air. He tunes the  Level 4  "Menko" with the  Level 3  "Tri-Eyed Dice", and he lands on the side of the building, chanting, "Spread those wondrous and beautiful wings, and strike your enemies down at the speed of light!  Synchro Summon ! Appear now!  Level 7 !  Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ! ((Dub) "Beat your wings to whip up a whirlwind of destruction! I Synchro Summon!  Clear Wing Synchro Dragon !")"  Declan  is surprised to see the Synchro Dragon, and Yugo hits the ground with "Clear Wing" behind him. The Obelisk Force are surprised, but the yellow jeweled member states that when a monster is  Normal  or Special Summoned, the effect of "Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound" will place a Gear Counter on it. The red jeweled Obelisk Force comments that now "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" will share the same fate as the Youth Team’s monsters. 
 Yugo comments that he wonders about that, and he activates the effect of "Clear Wing", negating the activation of the effect a  Level 5  or higher monster and destroying that monster. He declares " Reverse Revenge " and "Clear Wing" blasts light from its wings that disintegrates one of the "Double Hunting Hounds". The destruction of a monster triggers the effect of "Ancient Armageddon Gear", and the yellow-jeweled Obelisk Force is struck down, his LP reduced to 1800. The green jeweled Obelisk Force gasps in shock that his fellow's own card effect damaged him, and Yugo interrupts, explaining that "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" will also gain ATK equal to the destroyed monster's ATK. "Clear Wing" rises to 3900 ATK. Grinning, Yugo tells the Obelisk Force to prepare themselves, for now it's over. He activates the  Spell Card , " Synchro Cracker ", which will return "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon" to the  Extra Deck  and destroy all monsters with lower ATK than it. "Clear Wing" blasts out blades of light that destroy the "Hunting Hound" Fusion Monsters, and Yugo tells them to get finished off by their own card. With the effect of "Ancient Armageddon Gear", they all take damage equal to the ATK of their destroyed monsters, and the LP of the three Obelisk Force members all fall to zero, knocking them to the ground. Claude is shocked that Yugo could defeat that many opponents so quickly, and Declan realizes that the Synchro Dimension isn't their enemy.
 Yugo asks Kev if he's okay, but the stress of the battle has gone to Kev's head. He protests that they can't handle fights like this and flees, screaming in terror. Yugo is offended that Kev didn't thank Yugo after he saved him. Back in the observation room, Claude is in shock that their elite Senior Team was wiped out, and tells Declan that if it's come to this, they'll have to send in the Top Team. Declan bluntly replies that it wouldn't work. Right now, LID doesn't have the strength to fend off Duel Academy. Claude protests that they won't know unless they try, and Declan reminds him why he's trying to form a new team of  Lancers . Since the discovery of  Pendulum Summoning , Dueling has moved to a new stage, and any skills acquired before it will be unable to compete with Duelists from different dimensions. But, to use the term "Yuya Sakaki's" generation, if they and any other Duelists are able to embrace Pendulum Summoning without resistance, then there is a chance that they could become even stronger.
 Sylvio  enters the room, telling Declan to quit screwing around (in the dub, he asks why it's always about Yuya). Claude is shocked to see him, asking how he got past the guards. Sylvio explains that  his father's  influence was more than enough for that, but more importantly, what is going on? Why isn't Declan showing the Battle Royal? Declan asks if he wants to see it, and Sylvio states that he does; he wants to see how far the guy who beat him, Yuya Sakaki, gets with his own eyes. Declan muses that he sees, and he decides that he's fine with letting just Sylvio see it. Claude tries to protest, but Declan turns in his seat, asking Sylvio if he would like to take part in a revival match. Sylvio is surprised, but grins in anticipation.
 
       Yuya wondering about the darkness inside him.     
 The sun begins to rise in the Jungle Area, but while  Gong ,  Aura ,  Trout  and  Reed  are sleeping peacefully, Yuya sits against a tree holding the " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " card. He muses that there are two souls inside him; his and  Yuto 's. It was Yuto, wasn't it; when the Obelisk Force showed up and turned the  Knights of the Duel Disks  students into cards, Yuto's anger and sadness drove him into darkness. He remembers the Invasion of the Xyz Dimension, and then notes that Yuto had told Yuya to give Duels with smiles to the world, and everyone's futures. He decides that those were Yuto's true feelings; so what drove him into his rage wasn't Yuto. He remembers what Aura told him; in addition to another soul inside him, she saw another deep dark shadowy thing. Even Yuya has no idea what that could be, and he begins to despair over how it threw him into such a rage. But then he hears  his father's  voice, remembering his father telling him that if he let fear get hold of him, he wouldn't be able to do a thing. If Yuya wants to wins, he should gather his courage and press forward. Yuya realizes that his father is right, grasping his  pendant  and reminding himself not to be afraid. He vows that no matter what kind of demon may be residing in his soul, he'll believe in himself and Yuto. Everyone else hears him and wakes up, and Yuya stands up, stating that if they combine their strength, they'll never lose to that thing. They'll definitely win, and bring smiles to the world and everyone's futures. He yells that he isn't alone, and Gong smiles proudly, as do Aura and Reed. Yuya tells them that it's morning, and he suggests that they have breakfast.
 Yuya eats a small sandwich whole, and he praises Reed's cooking. Reed modestly calls it just something that he put together from what he could find, though Trout agrees with Yuya that it really is good; Reed is a good Duelist and an amazing cook; he's the best partner ever. Gong agrees, pointing out that Reed's cooking assisted Yuya's recovery, and he humbly thanks him. Aura finally has enough, angrily springing to her feet and asking why they're going on about Reed; Aura can make good food for "Darling" as well. She runs off, and Trout asks where she's going. Reed suggests that she went to look for ingredients, and then he realizes that Aura isn't part of the Battle Royal. Gong explains that it's not just Aura; there are plenty of other Duelists that have invaded. Yuya remembers the encounter with  Sora  and the Obelisk Force, and muses that Sora was with them. The news surprises Gong, who asks if Sora has come back. Yuya confirms it, in addition to the fact that Sora was with Duel Academy. 
 
       Zuzu  hides from  Yuri .     
 Zuzu flees through a canyon of ice, gasping that he's just too strong. Then she flinches as she sees the shadow of a  dragon  emerging over the top of the canyon, and then she hears Yuri's voice praising her, commenting that it's already morning. That fact that Zuzu has survived for so long is truly remarkable, and she has his congratulations. He walks up to the top of the canyon with his Dragon,  a purple serpentine monstrosity , hovering behind him, telling Zuzu that their game of hide and seek is over. Come back with him to the Professor. Zuzu slowly backs under the outcrop, and the Dragon whips its tail through the air, breaking off a piece of ice that lands next to Zuzu. Startled, Zuzu barely holds back a gasp, clapping her hand over her mouth. Yuri softly comments that he hopes that Zuzu comes out soon. Tears forming in her eyes, Zuzu thinks in terror that it's over and she can't get away, begging Yuya to help her. 
 And then her bracelet begins to glow. Yuri is caught completely off-guard, asking what's happening before being warped away. Zuzu realizes what's happened, and she wonders if Yuya is really here. 
 But it's Yugo who rockets over the canyon on his Duel Runner. Their gazes meet, and Yugo yells, "Rin!" He lands, flicking his visor up and yelling, "Rin!" again as he runs over to Zuzu. Yugo hugs her tightly, claiming that he's missed her. Poor Zuzu is completely caught off caught by being called "Rin", but then she remembers Yuri mentioning Rin when he told Zuzu that she was like Lulu and Rin. She grabs Yugo's head and forces it backwards, asking if he knows who Rin is. But when she sees that he too resembles Yuya, she is shocked into silence. Up above, Aura sees Zuzu and Yugo (though she doesn't see Yugo's face), assuming that Zuzu is changing clothes and messing around with other men while seducing "Darling." She furiously calls it unforgivable and prepares to give Zuzu a piece of her mind, but the outcrop that she's standing on breaks, causing Aura to slide down the hill, catapult into the air, and get stuck unconscious in a crevasse. 
 Back in the Jungle Area, Dennis runs up to Yuya and Gong. He asks them how they're doing and proudly explains that he beat Zuzu in a Duel. Yuya asks if Dennis knows where Zuzu is, and Dennis states that she was in the Volcano Area and asks why. Gong explains that there aren't just sixteen of them in the Battle Royal. Dennis asks if other people have snuck in, and Yuya explains that while it may sound crazy, Duelists from different dimensions have snuck in. Dennis tells Yuya that he can't be serious, but Yuya states that it's the truth. Yuya states that one of his friends, Sora is one of them, causing Dennis to mutter Sora's name in interest. He calls it amazing that Yuya is friends with someone from a different dimension. Yuya explains that he saw the Knight of Duels students get taken out before his very eyes. Gong explains that they can't use their communication in this Field Spell, so they can't get in touch with anyone. Yuya explains that that's why they decided to split up and search for everyone, remembering separating from Reed and Trout. Dennis gasps, "Wow!" in English, commenting that it sounds like a big deal. He claims that Zuzu said that she was headed for the Iceberg Area and suggests that they check there. 
 In the Iceberg Area, Yugo asks Zuzu in confusion if she wants to know who Rin is. Zuzu's bracelet suddenly glows again, much to Yugo's surprise, and it warps Yugo, Zuzu, and Yugo's Duel Runner away. The cause, Yuya, runs with Gong and Dennis to the top of the canyon, and they lament that it looks like Zuzu isn't here. Yuya wonders if Zuzu went to a different area. Dennis thinks to himself in satisfaction that it looks like Yuri safely finished his work, so now the only one left is…
 
         Shay  and  Sora 's Duel continues to rage on.     
In the Ancient Ruins area, Shay and Sora continue their Duel. Although Shay has 2100  LP  compared to Sora's 300 and two " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " in  Attack Position  and two " Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius " in Defense Position powering up his " Raidraptor - Force Strix " to 2100 ATK while Sora only has " Fluffal Mouse " and " Edge Imp Sabres ", both Duelists are heavily fatigued. Sora declares his turn and he draws " Polymerization ". Grinning, he asks Shay if he thinks that he's already won and calls him naïve. He activates the effect of "Fluffal Mouse" since it's in  Attack Position , allowing him to Special Summon two more copies from his Deck. Sora declares in a terrifying tone that the fun has only just begun, and he activates "Polymerization", fusing "Edge Imp Sabres" and all three of his "Fluffal Mice", chanting, "Claws of the demon! Sharp fangs! Become one in the mystical whirlpool, and reveal to us your new form!  FUSION SUMMON ! Show yourself, mystical beast of the jungle who tears everything to shreds!  Frightfur Tiger ! ((Dub) " Edge of sharpness  and  mayhem of mice ! When the four come together, you  will  pay the price! I Fusion Summon  Frightfur Tiger !")" He explains that the effect of "Frightfur Tiger" will allow it to destroy one card that Shay controls for each of its  Fusion Materials . Shay gasps "What?" in horror. Since Sora used four Fusion Materials, he destroys four cards – all of Shay's "Vanishing Lanius" and "Fuzzy Lanius", the blades of "Tiger" extending and slicing the " Raidraptors " into pieces (cut in the dub).          Shay loses to  Sora .      And with the number of  Winged Beast  monsters on Shay's field having decreased, the ATK of his last "Force Strix" will return to normal, right? It does, returning to 100, and Shay grits his teeth in panic. Behind Shay, Celina runs up the stairs, stopping and gasping for breath. Sora explains that "Frightfur Tiger" also gains 300 ATK for each "Frightfur" and "Fluffal" monster on the field, so "Tiger" rises to 2200 ATK. Sora yells that this is the end, and declares his Battle Phase, ordering "Frightfur Tiger" to attack "Force Strix", and with a demented shriek, he orders "Tiger" to send Shay…this Xyz remnant to his grave (Dub: "Finish Shay... and every single thing that he fights for!"). Celina gasps in shock to hear Shay's name, as "Tiger" grabs "Force Strix" and violently beheads it (also cut from the dub). The shockwave blasts Shay off his feet and he yells in shock as he falls past the shocked Celina, down the temple steps, and finally hits the ground, his LP falling to zero as Celina looks on in horror (in the dub, she also wonders how she's supposed to get the truth now).
 Featured Duels 
 Senior Division Lancers vs. Obelisk Force 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Kev Ravenwood   controls  " Heirophant of Prophecy " (2800/2600) in  Attack Position , has an unspecified amount of  LP  and an unspecified amount of cards in his  hand . The  Lancer  with the sunglasses controls " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth " (3500/3000) in Attack Position, has no cards in his hand and has 2100 LP. The third Lancer controls " Naturia Leodrake " (3000/1800) in Attack Position, has two cards in his hand and 2400 LP. All three members of  Obelisk Force  control a copy of " Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1400/1000) and " Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " (1800/1000) in Attack Position. Each have no cards in their hand. Yellow has 3200 LP, Red has 3100 LP and Green has 2800 LP.
 Yellow's turn 
Yellow  draws  and  activates  " Ancient Armageddon Gear ". Whenever a  monster  is  destroyed , its  controller  will take  damage  equal to its  ATK , but "Ancient Armageddon Gear" will destroy itself during Yellow's next  Standby Phase . "Triple Bite Hound Dog" may  attack  up to three times per  Battle Phase . "Triple Hunting Hound" attacks "Naturia Leodrake", with the  Gear Counter  that was placed on "Leodrake" via the  effect  of "Double Hunting Hound" destroying it as it is  battling . "Ancient Armageddon Gear" inflicts damage to the the Lancer equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster (Lancer 2400 → 0). "Triple Hunting Hound" attacks "Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth", with the Gear Counter that was placed on "Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth" via the effect of "Double Hunting Hound" destroying it as it is battling. "Ancient Armageddon Gear" inflicts damage to the the Lancer equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster (Lancer 2100 → 0). "Triple Hunting Hound" attacks "Hierophant", but  Yugo  enters the Duel at this point by  Special Summoning  " Speedroid Menko " (100/2000) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect as an opponent's monster is attacking. Its other effect activates, switching all monsters his opponents control to  Defense Position .
 Yugo's turn 
Yugo  Normal Summons  " Speedroid Tri-Eyed Dice " (300/1500). Yugo  tunes  the  Level  4 "Menko" with the Level 3  Tuner monster  "Tri-Eyed Dice" to  Synchro Summon  " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. As a monster was Normal or Special Summoned to his opponent's side of the  field , Yellow activates the effect of "Double Hunting Hound", placing a Gear Counter on the Summoned monster. As a Level 5 or higher monster activated its effect, Yugo activates the effect of "Clear Wing",  negating  the effect and destroying the monster. "Ancient Armageddon Gear" inflicts damage to Yellow equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster (Yellow 3200 → 1800). As it destroyed a monster via its effect, the effect of "Clear Wing" increases its ATK by the ATK of the destroyed monster ("Clear Wing" 2500 → 3900) until the end of this  turn . Yugo activates " Synchro Cracker ", letting him  return  a  Synchro Monster  he controls to the  Extra Deck  to destroy all monsters on the field with less ATK than the returned monster. He returns "Clear Wing", destroying the two "Double Hunting Hounds" and three "Triple Hunting Hounds". "Ancient Armageddon Gear" inflicts damage to Obelisk Force equal to the destroyed monster's ATK (Yellow 1800 → 0, Red 3100 → 0, Green 2800 → 0).
 
 Shay Obsidian vs. Sora Perse 
 Duel continues from episode 45 . 
 An unknown amount of time is skipped.
 Shay  has 2100  LP  remaining, no cards in his  hand , and  controls  two copies of " Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius " (1300/1600 each) in  Attack Position , two copies of " Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius " (500/1500 each) in  Defense Position  and " Raidraptor - Force Strix " (2100/2000) in Attack Position.  Sora  has 300 LP remaining, no cards in his hand, and controls " Fluffal Mouse " (100/100) and " Edge Imp Sabres " (1200/800), both in Attack Position.
 Sora's turn 
Sora  draws  " Polymerization ". He  activates  the  effect  of "Fluffal Mouse", as it is in Attack Position, letting him  Special Summon  two more copies of "Fluffal Mouse" (100/100 each) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. He then activates "Polymerization",  fusing  the four monsters on his  field  to  Fusion Summon  " Frightfur Tiger " (1900/1200) in Attack Position. Its effect activates as it was Fusion Summoned,  destroying  cards on the field up to the number of  Fusion Materials  used for its Fusion Summon. The two copies of "Vanishing Lanius" and "Fuzzy Lanius" are destroyed. Since Shay no longer controls any other  Winged Beast - Type  monsters, "Force Strix" loses the  ATK  it gained from its effect (2100 → 100). The other effect of "Tiger" increases its ATK by 300 for each " Fluffal " and " Frightfur " monster Sora controls (1900 → 2200). "Tiger"  attacks  and destroys "Force Strix" (Shay: 2100 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius  x2 
 Raidraptor - Vanishing Lanius  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Force Strix 
 
 Sora Perse Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Fluffal Mouse  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Tiger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Obelisk Force Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 
 Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Armageddon Gear 
 
 Youth Division Lancers Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Naturia Leodrake 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Hierophant of Prophecy 
 
 Yugo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Speedroid Double Yoyo [Notes 1] 
 Speedroid Menko 
 Tuner monsters 
 Speedroid Tri-Eyed Dice Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Synchro Cracker 
 Traps 
 Speed Turn [Notes 1] 
 Urgent Tuning [Notes 1] 
 
 Yuri Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon  (silhouette) Other   *  Halil 
 Olga 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Flashbacks Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry Other   *  Carl 
 Differences from the preview 
   Yugo's visor is down in the preview...   ...but up in the episode. 1/2 
 In the preview, when Zuzu is holding onto Yugo's helmet while mistaking him for Yuya, his visor is down. However, it is up in the actual episode.
 
 Errors 
 When Yugo jumps on the bridge when Kev and Obelisk Force are Dueling, his Duel Disk is off. However, it can be seen being on while Yugo brakes, despite being shown activating only after a few shots. 
 When Yugo joins Kev in the Duel against the Obelisk Force, he did not receive the 2000 LP penalty. 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Crise d'identité
 
 
  German 
 Doppelgänger
 
 
  Italian 
 Scambi di identità
 
 
  Korean 
 차가운 미소의 유리
 
 
  Thai 
 รอยยิ้มที่เย็นชาของยูริ
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in  Yugo 's  hand  after he  activates  " Synchro Cracker ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/StarvingVenomFusionDragon-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150315142128', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Yuzu_surrounded.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150607030538', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Yuto%27s_shadow.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150317060659', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Zuzu_hiding_from_Yuri.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150607030539', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Sora_vs_Shun.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150607030537', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/Shay_Loses_to_Sora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150327220709', None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes