Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_111


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ビッグ5の逆襲 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Biggu Faibu no Gyakushū 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Big 5's Counterattack 
 
 
 English 
 Merger of the Big Five, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 111 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 18, 2002 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 17, 2004 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WILD DRIVE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Paradise  楽園" 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Noah's Secret " 
 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Merger of the Big Five, Part 1" , known as  "Big Five's Counterattack"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and eleventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 18, 2002 and in the United States on January 17, 2004.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Deck Masters 
 3   Featured Duel: Yami Yugi + Joey Wheeler vs. The Big Five, Part 1 
 4   Differences In Adaptations 
 5   Errors 
 6   Notes 
 7   Featured cards 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Noah  confronts  Gansley ,  Crump ,  Johnson  and  Leichter  of  The Big Five , through screen communication, angry with them for trying to take over the bodies of  Joey ,  Serenity  and  Duke , by force, after losing their duels; thus, not earning the right to take over their bodies (in accordance with Noah's rules).  Nezbitt , still in control of  Tristan 's body, joins the conversation to alert his associates that he is about to leave the virtual world. The other four members of The Big Five, state that although Nezbitt defeated Tristan in his one on three duel with the latter, Duke and Serenity, in which Tristan's deck master was destroyed, causing him to automatically lose the duel, Duke and Serenity still defeated him; and therefore, due to losing the duel, he shouldn't have earned the right to take over the body. Noah proposes that all members of The Big Five share Tristan's body in a duel against  Yugi  and if they win they're free to take over Yugi's body, in addition to the rest of his friends. The Big Five, desperate to escape, agree to Noah's offer and vow not to let him down. 
 Despite learning about Noah's secret,  Kaiba  is still not convinced that Noah is the true son of his stepfather;  Gozaburo . The gang believe that Noah brought them to the virtual world to defeat Kaiba in a duel to prove to his father that he's the better son. In control of Tristan's body, The Big Five approach the gang and Kaiba, to duel Yugi, Kaiba leaves the group to search for Noah and  Mokuba . Yugi orders The Big Five to give Tristan his body back. However, Gansley, Crump, Johnson and Leichter tell Yugi that they will only return the body if he beats them in a duel. Nezbitt, inside Tristan, questions his associates on why they'll return the body should they lose, claiming that they never discussed that beforehand and stating that he doesn't want to give the body up as he is the one who won it; claiming that it's his property now. Leichter states in response to Nezbitt, that returning the body was a group decision (a group decision that Nezbitt clearly wasn't involved in). Johnson chuckles and states that it's not like they are going to keep they're promise; meaning, despite Noah's regulations, they're still going to keep the body regardless of the outcome of the duel.
 Yugi merges with  Yami Yugi , to begin the duel. However before kicking the duel off against The Big Five, Joey suggests joining as Yugi's partner, believing five on one is uneven. Johnson, on behalf of The Big Five, agrees to Joey's request. The rest of The Big Five then confront Johnson inside Tristan, stating that this wasn't part of the plan to duel Yugi alone. Johnson tells his associates not to worry, stating that Joey is an amateur and will only hold Yugi back, making the duel easier to win. Leichter isn't entirely convinced by Johnson's statement, as he lost to Joey; somewhat contradicting his statement on Joey. Since the duel is technically two bodies against one, Johnson declares that they start with 8000 life points, while Joey and Yami Yugi start with 4000 each; claiming that it's the only way for justice to be served. Johnson then claims to Joey and Yami Yugi that if they win Tristan's body will be returned to him, however should they lose, they'll keep Tristan's body and will take over the bodies of the rest of the gang (four more bodies will be taken over, while the remainders will stay trapped in virtual world). The duelist then select their virtual decks from the virtual card database. The Big Five combine their decks together, of which contain some cards used in their individual duels. They also choose the same deck masters; Gansley;  Deepsea Warrior , Crump;  Nightmare Penguin , Johnson;  Judge Man , Nezbitt;  Robotic Knight  and Leichter;  Jinzo . Joey looking through the virtual card database whilst selecting his cards, spots  Cyber Harpie  and thinks of  Mai , and remembers how  Marik , recently back in the  Battle City  tournament, defeated her in a duel and sent her to the  Shadow Realm , with the power of his  Millennium Rod . Joey vows to himself to rescue her after escaping from the virtual world and heading back to finish off the Battle City tournament. He adds Cyber Harpie and  Harpie's Feather Duster  to his deck for luck. Yami Yugi and Joey both choose their favorite monsters;  Dark Magician  and  Flame Swordsman  to serve as their deck masters. Against The Big Five, Yami Yugi and Joey begin what is the first duel as partners together since battling the  Paradox Brothers  back in  Duelist Kingdom .
 As there are five duelists in Tristan's body, The Big Five decide to take it in turns dueling against Yami Yugi and Joey. Gansley, the former Business strategist of  KaibaCorp  begins the duel in control of Tristan's body and with his deck master as Deepsea Warrior. Gansley starts the duel off by activating  A Legendary Ocean , allowing him to summon Level 5  Water  type monsters, without a sacrifice (changing the Level 5 water monsters in the player's hands to Level 4) and increasing the monster's attack points by 200. Gansley summons  The Legendary Fisherman , which reminds Joey of his duel with  Mako Tsunami  back at Battle City. Yami Yugi warns Joey that with Gansley's  field magic card  in play, he has a dangerous advantage over them. Joey takes the next turn, as requested by Yami Yugi, he summons  Alligator's Sword  in defense mode (due to  Tag Team Duel  regulations, none of the players can attack, until their second standby phases, unless an effect allows them to attack). Joey still isn't sure in the robot-monkey is Tristan but is determined to reunite Tristan with his body no matter what. Yami Yugi makes his first turn by summoning  Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts . Gansley is about to draw, when Crump, former accountant of KaibaCorp, declares that he takes over, as his deck master, Nightmare Penguin can raises the attack points of water monsters with its deck master ability. They switch control and Crump takes over; meaning the deck masters also switch from Deepsea Warrior to Nightmare Penguin; thus increasing the attack points of The Legendary Fisherman by 200 more attack points, which then attacks and destroys Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts. Crump then summons  Catapult Turtle  in defense mode; another Level 5 monster which Crump did not have to make a sacrifice to summon due to the effect of A Legendary Ocean. Joey realizes that he and Yami Yugi has to get rid of The Legendary Ocean magic card to stop Crump from summoning his strong monsters without sacrificing.
 Meanwhile, Kaiba, searching for Noah and Mokuba, still wonders how Noah's claim - that he is Gozaburo's son - could possibly be true, due to the fact that Noah appears to only be a kid, when in reality if he was Gozaburo's son he'd be the same age as Kaiba, and based on the photo of him and Gozaburo together, he hasn't age in six years. Kaiba then wonders if The Big Five put Noah up to all this, but doubts it at the same time as he believes they're not smart enough to pull of such a scheme.
 Back at the duel between Yami Yugi and Joey and The Big Five, it's Joey's turn; he draws  Kunai With Chain , which he plans on using on The Big Five's monster, The Legendary Fisherman. He plays the  trap  face-down and summons Cyber Harpie in attack mode as a dote to Mai. He also switches Alligator's Sword to attack mode too, concluding his turn. Yami Yugi isn't sure what to do as he has nothing in his hand to destroy or prevent The Legendary Fisherman from attacking. He then takes Joey's face-down into account and believes that it could be a trap that could help him; aware of his best friend's strategies, due to how long he's known him. He summons  Mystical Elf  in defense mode and ends his turn. Inside Tristan, Johnson suggests that he takes over, however Crump declines Johnson's request, stating that the odds are still in his favor and suggests that he continues for the time being. Unlike in his previous duel with Tea, [1]  Crump does not take the face-down card on Joey's side of the field into account and attacks regardless (contradicting what he stated in his duel against Tea, that attacking whilst a face-down is on his opponent's side of the field is not a mistake a man like him would make) [1] ; ordering The Legendary Fisherman to attack Mystical Elf. Joey activates Kunai With Chain, trapping The Legendary Fisherman and increasing the attack points of Cyber Harpie. Crump's associates then confront him about his mistake. Johnson suggests that Crump steps aside right away. Crump, however, states that he has calculated the probabilities and he still has a high percent chance at winning; suggesting that he should carry on. Expecting Joey or Yami Yugi to attempt destroying his Legendary Ocean magic card (most likely due to Joey saying to Yami Yugi earlier: "We've got to get rid of his Legendary Ocean card or we can say goodbye to our bodies forever Yuge"), Crump sets  Magician of Faith  face-down in defense mode, whose  flip effect  will allow him to bring back his Legendary Ocean magic card from the graveyard should it be destroyed. Joey draws Harpie's Feather Duster, which he selected in honor of Mai, which he activates to destroy A Legendary Ocean and a result stopping Crump from summoning anymore Level 5 water monsters without a sacrifice and decreases the attack and defense points of A Legendary Fisherman and Catapult Turtle by 200. Cyber Harpie destroys A Legendary Fisherman, Joey then prepares to attack with Alligator's Sword, initially with Catapult Turtle as the target, but Joey realizes that the defense points of Catapult Turtle are still 2000 and that his Alligator's Sword does not have enough attack points to take it out and therefore changes the target to Crump's face-down monster. Yami Yugi advises Joey not to attack Crump's face-down monster, stating that it's too risky, but Joey attacks regardless, activating the flip effect of Crump's face-down Magician of Faith, allowing him to bring back his A Legendary Ocean magic card back from his graveyard and into his hand, meaning he can re-activate on his next turn. Crump's hand also contains  Monster Reborn  which he plans on using next turn to bring back his Legendary Fisherman. Just when Crump thought he had the duel in the bag, Yugi summons  Kuriboh  in defence mode and activates  Card Destruction , forcing all three players to  discard  their hands are redraw, thereby sending Crump's A Legendary Ocean magic card back to his graveyard, meaning he is now unable to reactivate it on is next turn. Plus, since being forced to also discard Monster Reborn, Crump cannot revive his Legendary Fisherman. Yami Yugi ends his turn. Crump is about to make his next turn, but Johnson, former legal adviser of KaibaCorp, takes over; thus, the deck master is also switched from Nightmare Penguin to Judge Man.
 
 Deck Masters 
 Yami Yugi : " Dark Magician " 
 Joey Wheeler : " Flame Swordsman " 
 The Big Five : " Deepsea Warrior " and " Nightmare Penguin " 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi + Joey Wheeler vs. The Big Five, Part 1 
 Turn 1: The Big Five (Gansley) 
 Gansley  draws "The Legendary Fisherman". He then  activates  " A Legendary Ocean ". Now all WATER monsters on the field and in both players' hands have their levels reduced by one and in addition all WATER monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. He then  Normal Summons  " The Legendary Fisherman " (   5  → 4/ ??? / 1850 ) in  Attack Position . As the name of "A Legendary Ocean" is treated as " Umi ", "The Legendary Fisherman" cannot be attacked and is unaffected by Magic Cards.
 Turn 2: Joey 
 Joey  draws " Alligator's Sword " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 3: Yami 
 Yami Yugi  draws " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1200) in Defense Position.
 Turn 4: The Big Five (Crump) 
At this point, Crump takes over for Gansley. Crump draws. Due to the Deck Master Ability of " Nightmare Penguin ", the ATK of "The Legendary Fisherman" rises by 200 ("The Legendary Fisherman": 1850 → 2050/1600) as it's a WATER monster. "The Legendary Fisherman"  attacks  and  destroys  "Gazelle".  Crump  then Normal Summons " Catapult Turtle " (1000 → 1400/2000 → 2200;   5 → 4) in Defense Position.
 Turn 5: Joey 
Joey draws " Kunai with Chain " and subsequently  Sets  it. Joey's hand contains " Fairy Box ", " Burning Soul Sword ", " Polymerization ", " Double Snare ", and "Cyber Harpie". Joey Normal Summons " Cyber Harpie " (1800/1300) in Attack Position and switches "Alligator's Sword" to Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Yami 
Yami Yugi's hand contains " Buster Blader ", " Alpha the Magnet Warrior ", " Black Luster Ritual ", " Card Destruction ", and " Kuriboh ". Yami Yugi draws " Mystical Elf " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/2000) in Defense Position.
 Turn 7: The Big Five (Crump) 
Crump draws. "The Legendary Fisherman" attacks "Mystical Elf", but Joey activates his face-down "Kunai with Chain" to switch "The Legendary Fisherman" to Defense Position, equip "Kunai with Chain" onto "Alligator's Sword" and increase the ATK of "Alligator's Sword" by 500 ("Alligator's Sword": 1500 → 2000/1200). Crump Sets a  monster  (" Magician of Faith ").
 Turn 8: Joey 
Joey draws " Harpie's Feather Duster " and subsequently activates it to destroy "A Legendary Ocean" ("Catapult Turtle" 1400 → 1200/2200 → 2000;   4 → 5). "Cyber Harpie" attacks and destroys "The Legendary Fisherman". "Alligator's Sword" attacks and destroys  The Big Five 's  face-down  monster. It's revealed to be " Magician of Faith " (300/400). The Flip Effect of "Magician of Faith" then activates, letting Crump add "A Legendary Ocean" from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 Crump's hand contains " Monster Reborn ", " Premature Burial ", "Polymerization", " Driving Snow ", and "A Legendary Ocean". Crump plans to activate "A Legendary Ocean" next turn as well as use "Monster Reborn" to revive "The Legendary Fisherman" which will rebuild the Big Five's previous combo.
 Turn 9: Yami 
Yami Yugi draws. He then Normal Summons " Kuriboh " (300/200) in Defense Position. He then activates " Card Destruction " to force all players to  discard  their hand and  draw  the same amount of cards they discarded. Crump is thus forced to discard "A Legendary Ocean" along with his other cards. At this point, Johnson takes over for Crump.
 Duel continues next episode. 
 
 Differences In Adaptations 
 Cut from the dub is a shot of robot monkey  Honda , moved to tears by  Jounouchi 's insistence on fighting for him. 
 Another sequence with robot monkey Honda and the gang is cut from the English version. Firstly, Honda tearfully urges Yugi and Jounouchi on.  Anzu  tells him not to worry, and  Otogi  says he'll soon have his body back. He thanks them, and  Shizuka , who encourages her brother. Honda melts in her arms. 
 Brainwashed  Mokuba  has red eyes in the dub. 
 Errors 
 When Joey has a flashback of Mai getting sent to the  Shadow Realm ,  Yami Marik  has the original  Marik 's voice by mistake. 
 In the original, "Alligator's Sword" got the boost from "Kunai with Chain." In the dub, it was "Cyber Harpie." Despite this change, "Alligator's Sword" is still shown holding the weapon. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! episode 102: " Freeze Play, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alpha The Magnet Warrior [Notes 1] 
 Dark Magician [Notes 2] 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Mystical Elf 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blader [Notes 1] 
 Kuriboh Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Black Luster Ritual [Notes 1] 
 Card Destruction 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword 
 Flame Swordsman [Notes 3] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Harpie [Notes 4] Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Burning Soul Sword [Notes 5] 
 Double Snare [Notes 5] 
 Fairy Box [Notes 5] [Notes 6] 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dub ) [Notes 5] 
 Traps 
 Kunai with Chain 
 
 The Big Five Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Judge Man 
 Robotic Knight 
 Effect Monsters 
 Catapult Turtle 
 Deepsea Warrior 
 Jinzo 
 Magician of Faith 
 Nightmare Penguin 
 The Legendary Fisherman Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 A Legendary Ocean 
 Monster Reborn [Notes 7] 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dub ) [Notes 7] 
 Premature Burial [Notes 7] 
 Traps 
 Driving Snow [Notes 7] 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Baby Dragon 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Rabbit 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Summoned Skull 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blader 
 Cyber Harpie 
 Jinzo 
 Lava Battleguard 
 Time Wizard Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Elegant Egotist 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Traps 
 Shift 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen in Yugi's  hand . 
 
 ↑   Yugi picks this card when he was building his Deck. 
 
 ↑   This was played as a  Normal Monster . It is a  Fusion Monster  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   Joey picks this card when he was building his Deck. 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   5.3   This card can be seen in Joey's  hand . 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Magic Card . It was depicted as a  Trap Card  in the English version. It is a Trap Card in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   7.3   This card can be seen in The Big Five's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 3 episodes 
 #098 " A Virtual Nightmare " #099 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 1 " #100 " Isolated in Cyber Space, Part 2 " #101 " Isolated In Cyber Space, Part 3 " #102 " Freeze Play, Part 1 " #103 " Freeze Play, Part 2 " #104 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 1 " #105 " Courtroom Chaos, Part 2 " #106 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 1 " #107 " Mechanical Mayhem, Part 2 " #108 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #109 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #110 " Noah's Secret " #111 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 1 " #112 " Merger of the Big Five, Part 2 " #113 " Merger of The Big Five, Part 3 " #114 " Brothers in Arms, Part 1 " #115 " Brothers in Arms, Part 2 " #116 " Brothers in Arms, Part 3 " #117 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 1 " #118 " Noah's Final Threat, Part 2 " #119 " So Close Yet So Far " #120 " Burying The Past - Part 1 " #121 " Burying the Past - Part 2 " #122 " Back to Battle City - Part 1 " #123 " Back to Battle City - Part 2 " #124 " Back to Battle City - Part 3 " #125 " The Darkness Returns - Part 1 " #126 " The Darkness Returns - Part 2 " #127 " The Darkness Returns - Part 3 " #128 " The Darkness Returns - Part 4 " #129 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 1 " #130 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 2 " #131 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 3 " #132 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 4 " #133 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 5 " #134 " Clash in the Coliseum - Part 6 " #135 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 1 " #136 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 2 " #137 " Battle for the Bronze - Part 3 " #138 " The Final Face Off - Part 1 " #139 " The Final Face Off - Part 2 " #140 " The Final Face Off - Part 3 " #141 " The Final Face Off - Part 4 " #142 " The Final Face Off - Part 5 " #143 " One for the Road " #144 " Looking Back and Moving Ahead " 
 
 
 
 << S1 
 << S2 
 
 
 S4 >> 
 S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Yugioh111.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140404143745', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes