Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Emperor_of_Prophecy

The  Chinese, Croatian, Greek  and  Portuguese                     names given are not official.  ( card names ) 
 The  Chinese  and  Portuguese               lores given are not official.  
 
 This card's written lore in the Chinese has not yet been transcribed; if you are able to read Chinese, please help out by adding an accurate Chinese lore from  this image  to this page. The current Chinese lore listed here is only a reconstruction and may not be fully correct.     
 
 
 
 
 
 Emperor of Prophecy 魔 導 皇 士  アンプール 
 
 English 
Emperor of Prophecy 
 Chinese 
 魔导皇士 安普尔 Check translation 
 French 
 Empereur de la Prophétie Check translation 
 German 
 Der Kaiser der Prophezeiung Check translation 
 Italian 
 Imperatore della Profezia Check translation 
 Korean 
 마도황사 앙푸르 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Imperador da Profecia Check translation 
 Spanish 
 El Emperador de la Profecía Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 まどうこうし アンプール Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 魔導皇士 アンプール Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Madōkōshi Anpūru 
 Japanese (translated) 
Empeur the Magical Emperor 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 DARK   
 Types 
 Spellcaster  /  Effect 
 Level 
 5   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 2300  /  2000 
 Passcode 
 53136004 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Ignition Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
You can  banish  both 1  face-up   Spellcaster - Type   monster  you  control , except this card, and 1 " Spellbook "  Spell Card  from your  Graveyard  to  target  1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the  End Phase . You can only use the  effect  of "Emperor of Prophecy" once per  turn . This card cannot  attack  the turn you  activate  this effect. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Vous pouvez bannir 1 monstre de Type Magicien face recto que vous contrôlez (cette carte exclue) et 1 carte "Livre de Magie" depuis votre Cimetière pour cibler 1 monstre face recto contrôlé par votre adversaire ; jusqu'à la End Phase, prenez le contrôle de la cible. Vous ne pouvez utiliser l'effet de "Empereur de la Prophétie" qu'une fois par tour. Cette carte ne peut pas attaquer durant le tour où vous activez cet effet. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Du kannst 1 offenes Monster vom Typ Hexer, das du kontrollierst, außer dieser Karte, und 1 „Magiebuch“-Karte von deinem Friedhof verbannen, um 1 offenes Monster zu wählen, das dein Gegner kontrolliert; übernimm bis zur End Phase die Kontrolle über das gewählte Ziel. Du kannst den Effekt von „Der Kaiser der Prophezeiung“ nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. Diese Karte kann nicht in dem Spielzug angreifen, in dem du diesen Effekt aktivierst. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Puoi bandire sia 1 mostro di Tipo Incantatore scoperto che controlli, eccetto questa carta, che 1 carta "Libro di Magia" dal tuo Cimitero per scegliere come bersaglio 1 mostro scoperto controllato dal tuo avversario; prendi il controllo di quel bersaglio fino alla End Phase. Puoi utilizzare l'effetto di "Imperatore della Profezia" una sola volta per turno. Questa carta non può attaccare nel turno in cui attivi questo effetto. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Você pode banir 1 monstro virado para cima do tipo Spellcaster que você controla, exceto esta carta, e banir 1 Carta Mágica "Spellbook" do seu Cemitério para selecionar 1 monstro virado para cima que seu oponente controla; pegue o controle do monstro selecionado até a End Phase. Você pode somente usar o efeito de "Emperor of Prophecy" uma vez por turno. Esta carta não pode atacar no turno que você ativou este efeito. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Puedes desterrar 1 monstruo de Tipo Lanzador de Conjuros boca arriba que controles, excepto esta carta, y 1 carta "Libro de Magia" en tu Cementerio para seleccionar 1 monstruo boca arriba que controle tu adversario; toma el control de ese objetivo hasta la End Phase. Sólo puedes usar el efecto de "Emperador de la Profecía" una vez por turno. Esta carta no puede atacar el turno en el que activas este efecto. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 このカード以外の自分フィールド上に表側表示で存在する魔法使い族モンスター１体と、自分の墓地の「魔導書」と名のついたカード１枚をゲームから除外して発動できる。相手フィールド上に表側表示で存在するモンスター１体を選択し、エンドフェイズ時までコントロールを得る。「魔導皇士 アンプール」の効果は１ターンに１度しか使用できず、この効果を発動するターン、このカードは攻撃できない。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Chinese 
 
 
 把可以将[自己场上一只正面表示的此卡以外的魔法师族怪兽]和[自己墓地中一张名字中带有【魔导书】的卡]从游戏中除外后发动效果。选择对方场上一只正面表示的怪兽，直到结束阶段为止，获得选择的怪兽的控制权。【魔导皇士 安普尔】的效果1回合只能使用1次，此效果发动的回合中，此卡不能攻击。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 이 카드 이외의 자신 필드 위에 앞면 표시로 존재하는 마법사족 몬스터 1장과 자신 묘지의 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 카드 1장을 게임에서 제외하고 발동할 수 있다. 상대 필드 위에 앞면 표시로 존재하는 몬스터 1장을 선택하고, 엔드 페이즈시까지 컨트롤을 얻는다. "마도황사 앙푸르"의 효과는 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없으며, 이 효과를 발동하는 턴에, 이 카드는 공격할 수 없다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2012-11-09 ABYR-EN024 Abyss Rising Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-FR024 Abyss Rising L’Ascension des Abysses Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-DE024 Abyss Rising Abyss Rising Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-IT024 Abyss Rising Risveglio degli Abissi Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2012-11-08 ABYR-SP024 Abyss Rising Levantamiento Abismal Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2012-07-21 ABYR-JP024 Abyss Rising ＡＢＹＳＳ ＲＩＳＩＮＧ Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Traditional Chinese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Traditional Chinese name Rarity August 29, 2015 ABYR-TC024 Abyss Rising 深淵昇華 Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2012-10-09 ABYR-KR024 Abyss Rising 어비스 라이징 Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Supports   
 Spellcaster 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Prophecy 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Spellbook 
 
 Actions  
 Changes control 
 
 Attack  categories  
 Cannot attack 
 
 Banished  categories  
 Banishes from Graveyard for cost 
 Banishes from field for cost 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 10246 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Prophecy " 「 魔 導 」 Members 
 Amores of Prophecy Ancient Sorcerer Apprentice Illusion Magician Armor Exe Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior Breaker the Magical Warrior Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer D/D Savant Copernicus D/D Savant Galilei D/D Savant Kepler D/D Savant Newton D/D Savant Nikola D/D Savant Thomas Dark Cavalry Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons The Dark Magicians Dark Paladin Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior Defender, the Magical Knight Ebon High Magician Ebon Illusion Magician Ebon Magician Curran Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Endymion, the Master Magician Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic The Fiend Megacyber Fool of Prophecy Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight Giltia the D. Knight Giltia the D. Knight - Soul Spear Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy The Illusory Gentleman Justice of Prophecy Magical Cavalry of Cxulub Magical Merchant Magical Scientist Master of Chaos Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Silent Paladin Skilled Brown Magician Skilled White Magician Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Stoic of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Supreme Arcanite Magician Temperance of Prophecy Testament of the Arcane Lords Time Wizard of Tomorrow Water Magician Wheel of Prophecy White Magician Pikeru World of Prophecy 
 Dark Magical Circle The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Mage Power Magical Contract Door Magical Mid-Breaker Field Mega Ton Magical Cannon Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 Support 
 Stoic of Prophecy 
 Related 
 Aleister the Invoker Aleister the Invoker of Madness Behegon Black Luster Soldier Buster Blader Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Gearfried the Iron Knight Guardian of the Labyrinth Marine Beast Princess Curran Princess Pikeru Protector of the Throne Red-Eyes Black Dragon Time Wizard 
 Trial of the Princesses 
 
   
" Spellbook " 「 魔 導 書 」 Members 
 Spellbook Magician of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master 
 Support 
 Amores of Prophecy Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Fool of Prophecy Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy Justice of Prophecy Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Temperance of Prophecy Wheel of Prophecy World of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of the Master 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/EmperorofProphecy-ABYR-EN-R-UE.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130127062130', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/DARK.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918053848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Card pages with a lore in need of transcription, Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards