Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Action_Duel

This article is about the type of  Dueling  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . For the  Duel Terminal  option, see  Action Duel (Duel Terminal) .      
 ' Duelists  locked in battle! Kicking the earth and dancing in the air alongside their  monsters ! They storm through this  field ! Behold! This is the newest and greatest evolution of Dueling! ACTION DUEL!' 
 — The standard chant in the original Japanese raw recited before an Action Duel begins. 
 
 An  Action Duel  is a type of  Duel  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  series.
 
       Yuya  finds an  Action Card  while riding " Performapal Hip Hippo ".     
 An Action Duel occurs with the help of tangible  Solid Vision . This Solid Vision surround the entire field and the Duel takes place in the entire area. [1]  Unlike previous  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series, the monsters  Summoned  during these Duels are real enough to let Duelists interact with them, as seen when  Yuya  rode on " Performapal Hip Hippo ".
 In an Action Duel, a  Field Spell Card  commonly referred to as an Action Field, is activated before the Duel starts, modifying the terrain to look similar to card's artwork.  Action Cards  are then scattered throughout the field, which either Duelist can search for to aid them. When an Action Card that is a  Spell Card  is found, it is placed in the hand and can be used right away as if it was a  Quick-Play Spell Card . However, when an Action Card that is a  Trap Card  is found, it activates right away. When a card is activated, a player can use the Action Cards they found to pay the cost if necessary, as shown when Yuya played " Wonder Balloons " and discarded the Action Cards he found to pay its cost. However, to discourage Duelists from simply hoarding Action Cards, a player may only hold on to one Action Card at a time. [2] 
 Action Fields are specifically created for Action Duels, as such they do not have any effect other than allowing Action Cards for use for both players, however there are differences amongst each Action Field. As previously mentioned, they will each materialize a setting unique to each Action Field, providing unique and differing obstacles each, including some potential hazards of their own. Furthermore the Action Cards available vary with each Action Field, some being unique to specific Action Fields. The distribution of the Action Cards is also not random as it looks at first glance. They are spread in pre-set locations and sometimes will appear at a programmed time. This is seen best with Yuya,  Dipper , and  Pierre L'Supérieure , who each have a preferred Action Field they specialize on, as they have been perfectly capable of memorizing their layouts and gimmicks.
 Field Spell Cards may still be activated during Action Duels and their effects are applied in addition to those of the pre-set Action Field. [3]  When this happens the terrain is overwritten to match that of the new Field Spell. Pre-existing Field Spells in the Arc-V setting have an erratum change which adds the following line " You can use Action Cards, but you can only have 1 Action Card in your hand. " which as described above is commonly found in Action Fields.
 Similar to  Turbo Duel  rules, a Duelist, and in this case the monster, can evade attacks as the Duelist has until the attack connects to respond with an  effect  and can continue to search for an Action Card to play. This adds an additional dimension to Duels where a Duelist can use the environment to evade while discovering Action Cards they find to respond with. If a Duelist takes too long between playing cards, such as spending too much time looking for Action Cards, they are penalized with an automatic forfeit. The time limit is roughly around 2-3 minutes. [4] 
 
 ' Born from the discovery of implementing mass into  Solid Vision , Action Duels! Duels where the field, monsters and Duelists' become one, pulls the crowd into the maelstrom of crazed excitement!' 
 — The phrase recited before the first Japanese  opening themes  for the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. 
 
       The device which creates the "Solid Vision with mass".     
 Action Duels started when the  Leo Corporation  invented "Solid Vision with mass". It started in  Paradise City  and is now popular throughout the world. [5]  The Solid Vision with mass is created by a huge device located under the Duel field, which seems to be operated by a person from a control panel. When the Field Spell Card is activated, the device produces several beams of light, which creates the Solid Visions. [2]  LID was later able to create a portable version of this technology and modify the  Lancers ' Duel Disks to allow them to reproduce Action Fields and Action Cards using their Duel Disks. [6]  If the Solid Vision Machine is shut down during an Action Duel, whether it is due to a malfunction or shut down manually, the Duel is cancelled and no winner is declared. [2] [7] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Hazards 
 2   Action Duel Styles 
 3   Manga 
 4   References 
 
 
 Hazards 
 Similar to  Shadow Duels , due to the fact that all the scenery, monsters, and effects are solid constructs, there is a real danger of Duelists getting harmed in some way. Ceiling fixtures are subject to falling due to their heavy weight and buildings collapse when structurally compromised, potentially resulting in injuries if one were under said structures  [8] , albeit as seen in the case of  Sora Perse , it seems this damage is somewhat mitigated as despite having a building crashland on him, he had relatively minor injuries  [9]  There is even a risk that falling from a high enough distance will cause injury. [10]  Monster attacks and damaging effects have enough physical force to at least knock a person a considerable distance backwards. In the Japanese version, it has even been hinted at that death is a very real possibility in an Action Duel, such as when  Zuzu  almost fell into the lava in the Battle Royale but was saved by  Dennis .
 Furthermore, physical interaction with the opponent while unusual and questionable, is permitted, as seen in the Duel between  Iggy Arlo  and  Kit Blade , with the former, physically assaulting the latter for the entire Duel, arguably causing the loss, but with seemingly no consequences for Iggy, while Kit had to be attended by a medical team after the Duel.  [11]  As being forbidden from brutalizing an opponent is not a default rule programmed in the duel disks (which would end the duel by default), duelists can use underhanded tactics to win. Aster Phoenix used a spell card to tether his and Yuya's duel disk arms; whenever Yuya attempted to get an Action Card to save himself from damage, Aster pulled on the tether to throw Yuya off balance and miss an Action Card.  Battle Beast  literally attacked Yuya when he attempted to get an Action Card.
 However, there are different settings of solidity for Action Duel stage. During the  Arc League Championship  Junior Division, a much softer and bouncier setting is used to ensure that no harm is inflicted on the children Dueling. [12] 
 
 Action Duel Styles 
 Thanks to the three-dimensional aspects of the field and monsters, as well as the presence of Action Cards, various Duel Schools have been created different styles of Action Dueling. These different styles combine the Duelist's own carefully crafted Deck, with various advantages of the field and Action Cards, though some of these styles are shown to be more suited a specific type of field.
 So far the known type of Duel styles are:
 
 
 
 Duel Style 
 Description 
 Duel School 
 Known Practitioners
 
 
 Entertainment Duels 
 A style involving acrobatics and comedy, designed to entertain the audience, similar to a circus or a magic show. 
 You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki ,  Yusho Sakaki ,  Dennis McField 
 
 
 Heavystrong Duels [13]  &  Brand New Heavystrong Duels [14] 
 Using a  full monster Deck , the Duelist does not chase after  Action Cards  and remains stationary, no matter what, even if an attack from a monster is received. Such Duelists rely on the  effects  of the monsters in their  hand ,  field  and  Graveyard . The Brand New version also uses  Synchro Summoning . Regardless a very strong physique is required. 
 Strong Dojo 
 Gong Strong ,  Grizzlepike Jones  (former)
 
 
 Cooking Duels [15] 
 Similar to Entertainment Dueling, the Duelist uses a  cooking theme  to engross the audience. 
 Flavor Factory School 
 Reed Pepper 
 
 
 Quiz Duels [16] 
 Uses  monsters with questions , with incorrect answers benefiting the user and penalizing the opponent. The correct answer can be manipulated with the use of  Trap Cards . 
 Clarity Prep School 
 Pierre L'Supérieure 
 
 
 Divination Duels [17] 
 By 'divining' the opponent's actions, the Duelist counters using  Flip monsters  and  Ritual Monsters . 
 Fortune Prep School 
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 Martial Arts Duels [18] 
 The practitioners focus on intercepting their opponents from picking up Action Cards using martial arts. This includes physically attacking their opponent. 
 Bandit Warrior Academy 
 Iggy Arlo ,  Nagi ,  Taka 
 
 Manga 
       In the  manga , the Action Fields are created inside a solid sphere.     
 Action Duels are present in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga  as well, however, it features differences from the anime.
 
 Unlike in the anime, there is no rule limiting the number of  Action Cards  in a player's  hand , but instead, only one Action Card can be picked up each  turn , and the number of the Action Cards is limited per Duel. 
 Action Fields in the manga involve the  Duelists  in a sphere-like field, preventing anyone from going in or out until the  Duel  is over. 
 If the Action Duel is a Turbo Duel, the Action Card of the turn can be obtained by just riding the Duel Runner pass through it, like how you pick up object(s) in a game. 
 References 
 
 ↑   "Yugioh Arc-V News" . YGOrganization .  http://ygorganization.com/yugioh-arc-v-news/ . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑   "OCG V-Jump Time" . YGOrganization. February 17, 2014 .  http://www.ygorganization.com/ocg-v-jump-time/ . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 34: " Making the Cut: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 19: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/Yuya_riding.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140406200818', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/Mass_Solid_Vision_device.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140406215848', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Manga_Action_Field.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150923165612']
Categories: Games