Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Skill#Double_Bite

Skill  (スキル,  Sukiru ) is a special rule characteristic of  Speed Duels  featured in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  and the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime, as well as the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game  as an official alternative game format.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Speed Dueling Format 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 2.1   List of Skills 
 
 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 3.1   List of Skills 
 3.2   Duel Links Legend Deck Guide 
 
 
 4   Notes 
 5   References 
 
 
 Speed Dueling Format 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect Text
 
 Activation Condition
 
 Character
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 All Fiend and Spellcaster monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF, also all Fairy monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF.
 
 At the start of the Duel, place this card in your  Field Zone  and flip it over.
 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Destiny Draw
 
 If you lose 2000 or more  LP , you can activate this Skill during your next  Draw Phase .  During your Draw Phase, you may search your  Deck  for any card, reveal it to your opponent, and add it to your hand instead of drawing. If you do that, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Yami Yugi
 
 
 Final Draw
 
 Activate this Skill during your  Main Phase . Once per turn, during your turn, you may place a  counter  on this Skill. If it has 3 or more counters when you would  draw a card , you may search your Deck for any card and add it to your  hand  instead. At the end of the turn you use this Skill, you lose the Duel.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Yami Yugi
 
 
 Prescience
 
 If your opponent’s  LP  is more than twice your LP, activate this Skill. You may look at the top card of both your and your opponent’s  Deck  at any time.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 Gravekeeper's Lot
 
 If you lose 1800 or more  LP , you can activate this Skill during your next  Draw Phase . During your Draw Phase, you may search your  Deck  for a “ Gravekeeper’s ” card, reveal it to your opponent, and add it to your hand instead of drawing. If you do that, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Ishizu Ishtar
 
 
 Peak Performance
 
 All  Dragon ,  Winged Beast , and  Thunder  monsters on the field gain 200  ATK / DEF .
 
 At the start of the Duel, place this card in your  Field Zone  and flip it over.
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Beatdown!
 
 If you control a Level 5 or higher monster, you can activate this Skill. All monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK for each Level 5 or higher monster you control. At the end of your turn, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Seto Kaiba
 
 
 Dragon Caller
 
 Once per  Duel , you can use 1 of the following Skills.   • If you successfully  Normal Summon  “ Lord of D. ”, add 1 “ The Flute of Summoning Dragon ” from your  Deck  or  GY  to your  hand    • Reveal “The Flute of Summoning Dragon” from your hand, then add 1 “Lord of D.” from your Deck or GY to your hand.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Seto Kaiba
 
 
 Grit
 
 At the start of your  turn , call 2 numbers and roll a six-sided  die . If you roll a number you called, your  LP  do not get lower than 1 until the of your opponent’s next turn. This Skill can only be used once per  Duel .
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Last Gamble
 
 At the start of the 5th turn, activate this Skill (count both players’ turns).   During your  Main Phase , you can reduce your  LP  to 100 and  discard  2 cards from your  hand . Roll a six-sided  die  and  draw cards  equal to the result. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Joey Wheeler
 
 
 Pal-O’Mine-zation!
 
 During your turn, you may reveal 1  Normal Monster  in your  hand . This turn, that Monster can  substitute  for any 1  Fusion Material . If you do, the other Fusion Material(s) must be the correct one(s). This Skill can only be used once per  Duel .
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Joey Wheeler
 
 
 Aroma Strategy
 
 You may look at the top card of your  Deck  at any time.
 
 
 
 Mai Valentine 
 
 
 Flight of the Harpies
 
 If you lose 1800 or more  LP , you can activate this Skill during your next  Draw Phase .  During your Draw Phase, you may search your  Deck  for a “ Harpie ” card, reveal it to your opponent, and add it to your hand instead of drawing. If you do that, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Mai Valentine
 
 
 Straight to the Grave
 
 All  Dinosaur ,  Zombie , and  Rock  monsters on the field gain 300  ATK / DEF .
 
 At the start of the Duel, place this card in your Field Zone and flip it over.
 
 Bonz 
 
 
 Call of the Haunted
 
 Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Attack Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
 
 At the start of the Duel, place this card in your center Spell & Trap Zone. You cannot activate this Skill during your first turn of the Duel. You draw 1 less card at the beginning of the Duel.
 
 Bonz
 
 
 The World’s Greatest Fisherman
 
 Once per turn, you can pay 500  LP  and  discard  1  WATER  monster then add 1 WATER monster from your  GY  to your  hand , with a different name and with a  Level  no more than twice the discarded monster’s Level. If you do that, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Mako Tsunami 
 
 
 Mystic Depths
 
 All  Fish ,  Sea Serpent ,  Thunder  and  Aqua  monsters on the field gain 200  ATK / DEF . All  Machine  and  Pyro  monsters on the field lose 200 ATK/DEF. This card’s name becomes “ Umi ” while on the field.
 
 At the start of the Duel, place this card in your  Field Zone  and flip it over.
 
 Mako Tsunami
 
 
 Catch of the Day
 
 If you control “ The Legendary Fisherman ”, you can activate “ Umi ” directly from your  Deck  or  GY . This Skill can only be used once per Duel.   Once per turn, when “The Legendary Fisherman” control  destroys  a monster by battle or inflicts  battle damage  to your opponent, you can  Special Summon  1  Level  4 or lower  WATER  monster from your Deck or GY in  Defense Position .
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Mako Tsunami
 
 
 It's My Lucky Day!
 
 When you  activate  an effect that would make you roll a six-sided  die (or dice)  or flip a  coin(s) , you can pay 1000  LP  to decide the result of a die or coin. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Joey Wheeler
 
 
 Virus Infection
 
 Once per turn,  discard  any number of cards and declare 1 type of card ( Monster ,  Spell  or  Trap ). Your opponent sends 1 card of the declared type from their  Deck  to the  GY  for each discarded card. If you do that, flip this card over.
 
 Flip this card over when you activate this Skill.
 
 Seto Kaiba
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS , Skills are special effects that each player can activate at any time and during either player's  turn . [1]  Skills appear to be procedurally-generated that generally are designed to fit a Duelist's deck and/or Dueling style. They may possess a number of effects, like improving a  draw , increasing one's  LP  or enhancing a  monster's   ATK . [2] 
 Regardless how many Skills a duelist may have obtained, they can only perform a Skill once per duel. As seen with  Playmaker  and  Varis , multiple Duelists can share a given Skill. While normally this ability is reserved for Speed Duels,  an advanced enough hacking can be used to perform a Skill during a  Master Duel , even multiple Skills in the same duel, as shown from  Bohman .
 
 List of Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 User
 
 Ability
 
 Picture
 
 
 Double Draw (ダブルドロー,  Daburu Dorō )
 
 Unnamed  Knight of Hanoi 
 
 The user  draws  2 cards for their  normal draw  during their  Draw Phase . [2] 
 
 
 
 
 Storm Access (ストームアクセス,  Sutōmu Akusesu )
 
 Playmaker , Varis , Bohman , Windy 
 
 If the user has 1000 or less  LP , the user randomly obtains a  Link Monster  from a nearby  Data Storm  and adds it to their  Extra Deck . [2] [3]  The more intense the Data Storm, the stronger the obtained Link Monster will be. [4]  The user is given a monster appropriate for them. [5]  The obtained card can then be materialized in the real world with the proper equipment. [6] 
 
 
 
 
 Pain and Gain (闘魂,  Tōkon  [Fighting Spirit])
 
 The Gore  (" Gouki " Deck)
 
 The user  Special Summons  all " Gouki "  monsters  that were  destroyed by battle  this  turn . [1] 
 
 
 
 
 Trickstar Trick (トリックスターフロード,  Torikkusutā Furōdo  [Trickstar Fraud])
 
 Blue Angel 
 
 During the opponent's turn, the user  discards  a " Trickstar " card to make the opponent draw until they have 3 cards in their hand. [7]  During the  End Phase , the opponent must  banish  a card from their hand for each "Trickstar" monster in the user's  GY . [8] 
 
 
 
 
 Secret Cure (シークレットキュア,  Shīkuretto Kyua )
 
 Ghost Gal 
 
 The user  excavates  cards from their  Deck  until a Monster Card is  revealed . That monster is  added  to the  hand , all non-Monster Cards are sent to the GY, and both players gain LP equal to that monster's  ATK . [9] 
 
 
 
 
 Minus Mitosis (種の保存,  Shu no Hozon  [Preserve Species])
 
 Dr. Genome 
 
 When a Link Monster is Special Summoned from the GY, the opponent's LP and one of their monsters'  ATK  are halved. [10] 
 
 
 
 
 Malevolent Malpractice (フォビドゥン・サージカル・オペレーション,  Fobidun Sājikaru Operēshon  [Forbidden Surgical Operation])
 
 Baira 
 
 The user banishes 2  Level  2 or lower monsters that with the same name from their GY to Special Summon 2 monsters with same name, whose Levels are equal to the banished monsters', from their Deck. [11] 
 
 
 
 
 Double Bite (ダブルバイト,  Daburu Baito )
 
 Faust 
 
 An  Insect  monster the user controls can attack twice during the same  Battle Phase . [12] 
 
 
 
 
 Triple Draw (トリプルドロー,  Toripuru Dorō )
 
 AI Duelist
 
 Unknown [13] 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Marker's Portal (マーカーズ・ポータル,  Mākāzu Pōtaru )
 
 Bohman Bit Boot Harlin 
 
 If the user has less LP than their original amount, the user selects 1  Link Spell Card  from their Deck and activates it. The card activated by this effect cannot be negated or destroyed by the opponent's  card effects . [14] 
 
 
 
 
 Burning Draw (バーニング・ドロー,  Bāningu Dorō )
 
 Soulburner 
 
 By lowering their own LP to 100, the user can draw 1 card for each multiple of 1000 LP they gave up. [15] 
 
 
 
 
 Dinowrestle Revolution (ダイナレスル・レボリューション,  Dainaresuru Reboryūshon )
 
 The Gore  (" Dinowrestler " Deck)
 
 Allows the user to directly activate " World Dino Wrestling " from their Deck. [16] 
 
 
 
 
 Drone Force (ドローンクラフト・フォース,  Dorōn Kurafuto Fsu  [Drone Craft Force])
 
 The Shepherd 
 
 One opponent's monster loses 200 ATK for every " Drone " card in the user's GY, until the end of the turn, and 1 monster you control gain ATK equal to the same amount [17] 
 
 
 
 
 Trickstar Gig (トリックスター・ギグ,  Torikkusutā Gigu )
 
 Blue Gal 
 
 User sends card(s) from the top of their Deck to the GY equal to the number of "Trickstar" monster they have on their field. Then add one "Trickstar" card from the card(s) sent to the GY by the Skill's effect to the hand. [18] 
 
 
 
 
 Neo Storm Access (ネオストームアクセス,  Neo Sutōmu Akusesu )
 
 Playmaker 
 
 If the user has 1000 or less LP, the user randomly obtains a  Cyberse  monster from a nearby Data Storm and adds it to their Extra Deck. [19]  Then, if the user has 100 or less LP and did not obtain a Monster Card earlier, they can add a random Cyberse monster to their Extra Deck and draw 1 card from their Deck. [20] 
 
 
 
 
 Stalactite Spear (ロック・ユー,  Rokku Yū  [Rock You])
 
 Earth 
 
 When the user's  EARTH  monster destroys an opponent's monster in battle, the opponent takes damage equal to the destroyed monster's Level x 100. [21] 
 
 
 
 
 Anti Skill (アンチ・スキル,  Anchi Sukiru )
 
 The Gore 
 
 The user negates the Skill of the opponent once during a duel, and then draws two cards from their Deck. [22] 
 
 
 
 
 Shape of Sea (シェイプ・オブ・シー,  Sheipu Obu Shī )
 
 Blue Maiden 
 
 When the user takes battle damage, they can Special Summon a  WATER  monster from their GY with equal or less ATK than the damage.
 
 
 
 
 Master Storm Access (マスターストームアクセス,  Masutā Sutōmu Akusesu )
 
 Bohman 
 
 Once per turn, the user randomly adds a  Cyberse  monster from a Data Storm into their Extra Deck. [23] 
 
 
 
 
 Power Possession (ハニートラップ,  Hanītorappu  [Honey Trap])
 
 Queen 
 
 When the user takes battle damage from a direct attack, they get LP equal to the damage they took, and then set one Trap Card from outside of their Deck. They can activate the Trap Card the turn it was Set. [24] 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links , each character can assign one Skill to each of their Decks. Non-player characters normally do not use Skills, but they occasionally do during  special events .
 Each character can unlock 3 Skills by leveling up. Characters can also obtain Skills as drops when defeating  Legendary Duelists . One Skill,  Joey Wheeler 's Fields of the Warriors, is obtained from  Mission Bingo .
 Skills that a character has already obtained from a previous drop can still be dropped, but they are automatically converted into 15 Gems instead (they do not get a different skill).
 Along with the game's  Forbidden  and  Limited  lists, Skill effects are subject to change to maintain balance.
 The  Duel Links Legend Deck Guide  listed certain Skills as suggestions for casual play using the Legend Decks in the guide.
 
 List of Skills 
 This is a list of Skills that players can obtain for their characters (skills that are exclusive to non-player opponents are not listed).
 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Description
 
 User(s)
 
 
 A Card Entrusted
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Fiend's Sanctuary" to your Deck.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Event)
 
 
 A Trick up the Sleeve
 
 Your starting hand will include 1 Level 7 or higher DARK Spellcaster-Type monster, randomly selected from your Deck. This Skill will not activate if your Deck does not include any Level 7 DARK Spellcaster-Type monsters.   You cannot Special Summon effect monsters during your first turn.
 
 Arkana  (Level 20)
 
 
 Access Denied
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1000 or below.   Until the end of the opponent's next turn, neither you nor the opponent can Normal Summon or Special Summon Effect Monsters, or activate Effect Monster effects.   This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Yugi Muto  (Drop)
 
 
 Allured by Darkness
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800.   Instead of conducting your normal draw, "Allure of Darkness" is added to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 
 Yubel  (Level 13)
 
 
 Arcana Swap
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, shuffle any number of "Arcana Force" monsters from your hand into the Deck.   Then, draw that same number of cards.
 
 Sartorius Kumar  (Drop)
 
 
 Aroma Strategy
 
 You can look at the card at the very top of your Deck at any time.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Level 4)
 
 
 ATK Booster: Level 2
 
 Increase the ATK of all level 2 or lower monsters on your side of the field by 200.
 
 Yusei Fudo  (Drop)
 
 
 ATK Booster: Synchro Warriors
 
 Until the end of the turn, "Warrior" Synchro Monsters on your side of the field will gain 100 ATK times their level.   This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Yusei Fudo  (Level 20)
 
 
 Baggy Sleeves
 
 If one of your monsters of Level 5 or higher is destroyed in battle, in your next Draw Phase a normal draw gives you 2 cards.
 
 Bandit Keith  (Drop)
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your Deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn. [Notes 1] 
 
 Yami Yugi  (Drop) Mako Tsunami  (Level 20) Maximillion Pegasus  (Drop) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Mai Valentine  (Drop) Akiza Izinski  (Drop) Seto Kaiba  (Drop) Yami Marik  (Drop) Yami Bakura  (Drop) Bandit Keith  (Drop) Ishizu Ishtar  (Drop) Espa Roba  (Drop) Zane Truesdale  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop) Sartorius Kumar  (Drop)
 
 
 Bandit
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1500 or below. Select and take control of 1 card Set in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bandit Keith  (Drop)
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 This turn, the ATK of each Level 5 or higher monster on your field increases by the number of monsters of Level 5 or higher on your field times 300. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Seto Kaiba  (Level 13) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Level 13)    Jack Atlas  (Level 20)    Officer Tetsu Trudge  (Drop)
 
 
 Blackwing Rising
 
 Until the end of the turn, 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" or "Blackwing" Synchro Monster on your side of the field will gain 200 ATK times the number of "Blackwing" monsters on your side of the field.   This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Crow Hogan  (Drop)
 
 
 Blessing of the Cyber Angel
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Instead of doing a normal draw, a "Cyber Angel" monster is added to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Alexis Rhodes  (Level 4)
 
 
 Bluff Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1200. Statue of the Wicked is set in your Spell & Trap Zone.
 
 Odion  (Drop)
 
 
 Bring it!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Instead of doing a normal draw, a Level 8 DARK Warrior-Type monster is added to your hand from your Deck.
 
 Aster Phoenix  (Drop)
 
 
 Buzz On
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Insect-Type monster.
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Drop)
 
 
 Card Shuffle
 
 Can be used by paying 300 Life Points. Shuffle your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Arkana  (Level 4)
 
 
 Chain Reaction
 
 Inflict 200 points of damage to your opponent's Life every time you activate a Trap Card.
 
 Odion  (Level 4)
 
 
 Cheater's Coin
 
 If your Life Points are at least 1000 more than your opponent's, and if you have at least 5 cards in your hand, your coin tosses always land on heads.
 
 Bandit Keith  (Drop)
 
 
 Check Out My Fusion!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1500. Instead of conducting your normal draw, "Vehicroid Connection Zone" is added to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 
 Syrus Truesdale  (Level 20)
 
 
 Check Out My Ride!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a "roid" monster of your choice.
 
 Yami Bakura  (Level 4)    Yubel  (Level 20)
 
 
 Compensation
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1000. Send the card on the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, and recover 300 LP.
 
 Yami Bakura  (Level 4)
 
 
 Cosmic Enlightenment
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decreases by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Psychic-Type or "Jinzo" monster.
 
 Espa Roba  (Drop)
 
 
 Courage and Strength
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 "Morphtronic Remoten" to your Deck. Then, add 1 "Power Tool Dragon" to your Extra Deck.
 
 Leo  (Level 4)
 
 
 Creator
 
 Can be used if your Life Points drop below 2000. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, a powerful card, from outside of your Deck, is added to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. [Notes 2] 
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Drop)
 
 
 Crystal Power
 
 This turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your side of the field increases by the number of Continuous Spell Cards on your side of the field times 200.   This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Jesse Anderson  (Drop)
 
 
 DARK as Night
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Mystic Plasma Zone." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Destiny Board
 
 Can be used if Dark Necrofear is in your Graveyard, and your LP are at 2000 or below. At the end of your 5th turn after activating this Skill, you win the Duel. This Skill is negated if "Dark Necrofear" leaves your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Yami Bakura  (Drop)
 
 
 Destiny Calling
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Dark City." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Aster Phoenix  (Level 4)
 
 
 Destiny Draw
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw the card of your choice.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Drop)
 
 
 Dino Destruction
 
 Can be used if a Level 6 Dinosaur-Type monster is on your field. If that monster attacks a monster in Defense Position this turn, the opponent takes battle damage equal to the amount that ATK exceeds DEF. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Rex Raptor  (Level 20)
 
 
 Dino DNA!
 
 At the beginning of each of your turns, recover 200 Life Points.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Level 4)
 
 
 Dino Rampage
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800, and you have a Dinosaur-Type normal monster on your field. That monster can attack twice during the Battle Phase, this turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Rex Raptor  (Drop)
 
 
 Dinos Find a Way
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Dinosaur-Type monster.
 
 Rex Raptor  (Drop)
 
 
 Dinosaur Kingdom
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Jurassic World " activated.
 
 Rex Raptor  (Level 4)
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Drop) Ishizu Ishtar  (Level 4) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Yami Marik  (Level 13) Yami Bakura  (Level 13) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Level 13) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Drop) Joey Wheeler  (Drop) Mokuba Kaiba  (Drop) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: High Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Seto Kaiba  (Level 20) Yugi Muto  (Drop) Rex Raptor  (Level 13) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Seto Kaiba  (Drop)   Yugi Muto  (Drop) Maximillion Pegasus  (Drop) Mokuba Kaiba  (Level 20) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Level 13) Chazz Princeton  (Level 13)
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap [Notes 3] 
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap card.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Level 13) Odion  (Level 13) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Mako Tsunami  (Level 13) Mokuba Kaiba  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Level 20) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Duel, standby!
 
 Each player's starting hand increases by 1 card. You cannot activate card effects on your first turn.
 
 Téa Gardner  (Drop)
 
 
 Elements Unite!
 
 You will start the Duel with 500 Life Points and your starting hand will be 1 card, which is "Gate Guardian." In addition, you will start the Duel with "Sanga of the Thunder," "Kazejin," and "Suijin" on the side of your field. Their effects are negated and they cannot attack as long as they are face-up on the field.
 
 Paradox Brothers  (Level 4)
 
 
 Endless Trap Hell
 
 Can be used when you have 3 Trap Cards in your Graveyard. 1 random Trap Card in your Graveyard is added to your hand. Then, shuffle 1 random Trap Card in your Graveyard is shuffled into your Deck.  [ sic ] This Skill can only be used once per Duel. [Notes 4] 
 
 Odion  (Level 20)
 
 
 Extra, Extra
 
 Can be used if your Life Points decrease by 2000. In the Draw Phase, a card you draw is duplicated.
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Drop)
 
 
 Fairy's Smile
 
 If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 1000 Life Points. [Notes 5] 
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Level 13)
 
 
 Fields of the Warriors
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Sogen " activated.
 
 Joey Wheeler  ( Mission Bingo )
 
 
 Fiend Farewell
 
 Can be used when one of your monsters is destroyed by battle. 1 random Fiend-Type monster from your Deck is sent to the graveyard.
 
 Yami Bakura  (Drop)
 
 
 Firm as the EARTH
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Gaia Power." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Flight of the Harpies
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random " Harpie " card.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Drop)
 
 
 Fusion Time
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Instead of doing a normal draw, "Polymerization" is added to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 
 Jaden Yuki  (Level 13)
 
 
 Grandpa's Cards
 
 Begin Duel with 5  Exodia  pieces in your Deck.
 
 Yugi Muto  (Level 4)
 
 
 Gravekeeper's Lot
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random " Gravekeeper's " card.
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Drop)
 
 
 Grit
 
 Skill activation is determined by probability at the start of each of your opponent's turns. Until the end of your opponent's next turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1.
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Level 13) Jaden Yuki  (Drop)
 
 
 Guardian Call
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1800. Randomly add 1 " Guardian " card from your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Paradox Brothers  (Drop)
 
 
 Harpies' Hunting Ground
 
 Begin the Duel with the Field Spell Card " Harpies' Hunting Ground " on the top of your deck. [Notes 6] 
 
 Mai Valentine  (Drop)
 
 
 Harpies' Last Will
 
 6 "Harpie" cards in your Graveyard are banished, and 1 " Harpie's Feather Duster " card is added to your hand from outside your Deck.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Drop)
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand.
 
 Seto Kaiba  (Drop) Mokuba Kaiba  (Level 13)
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Téa Gardner  (Level 4)
 
 
 Insect Uprising
 
 Can be used if there are 3 or more Insect-Type monsters on your field. Lowers ATK of all face-up monsters on the opponent's field by 800 points. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Level 4)
 
 
 It's a Toon World
 
 Begin Duel with the Continuous Spell Toon World activated.
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Drop)
 
 
 Labyrinth Builder
 
 Shuffle 2 cards from your hand into the Deck to create "Labyrinth Wall" on your side of the field. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Paradox Brothers  (Drop)
 
 
 Land of the Ojamas
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell "Ojama Country" activated.
 
 Chazz Princeton  (Level 4)
 
 
 Last Gamble
 
 Can be used in your Main Phase, starting from the fifth turn. Upon activation, reduces your LP to 100 and discards 2 cards from your hand. You roll a die and draw that number of cards. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Drop)
 
 
 Life Cost 0
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1000 or below. Until the end of the opponent's next turn, you do not have to pay Life Points to activate a card. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Téa Gardner  (Level 20)
 
 
 Light and Dark
 
 Choose 1 of the following: -Return 1 DARK monster from your hand to your Deck.  Then, add from your Deck to your hand, 1 LIGHT monster with the same Level and Type as the monster you returned. -Return 1 LIGHT monster from your hand to your Deck.  Then, add from your Deck to your hand, 1 DARK monster with the same Level and Type as the monster you returned. This Skill can only be used once per turn, and twice per Duel.
 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 
 
 Light Barrier
 
 At the beginning of your first Turn, "Light Barrier" is set on your Field Zone.
 
 Sartorius Kumar  (Level 20)
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Drop) Joey Wheeler  (Level 4) Mai Valentine  (Drop) Téa Gardner  (Drop) Yugi Muto  (Drop) Weevil Underwood  (Drop) Rex Raptor  (Drop) Maximillion Pegasus  (Level 4) Paradox Brothers  (Drop) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop) Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Mai Valentine  (Level 13) Bonz  (Level 13) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Chazz Princeton  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Drop) Téa Gardner  (Level 13) Yami Marik  (Level 4) Ishizu Ishtar  (Drop) Aster Phoenix  (Drop) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 Luck on Your Side
 
 If your Life Points drop below 1000, your coin tosses always land on heads.
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Drop)
 
 
 Master of Destiny
 
 When you toss a coin, the result will always be heads for the first 3 coin tosses.  This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 5 or more cards with different names that require coin tosses.
 
 Sartorius Kumar  (Drop)
 
 
 Master of Fusion
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Instead of doing a normal draw, "Polymerization" is added to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 
 Aster Phoenix  (Level 13) Alexis Rhodes  (Level 13)
 
 
 Master of Magicians
 
 Can be used after your Life Points decrease by 2000. Randomly add 1 "Thousand Knives," "Dark Magic Attack," or "Dark Magic Expanded" to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Arkana  (Level 13)
 
 
 Master of Rites
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Ritual-Monster or Ritual-Spell card.
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Level 20) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop)
 
 
 Master of Rites II
 
 Begin Duel with the Continuous Spell "Ritual Cage" activated.
 
 Alexis Rhodes  (Level 20)
 
 
 Menace from the Deep
 
 Can be used if "Umi" is on the field, and you have a Water-attribute normal monster on your field. That monster can attack your opponent directly. this turn. At the end of the Battle Phase, that monster is sent to the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Mako Tsunami  (Drop)
 
 
 Middle Age Mechs
 
 Begin Duel with the Continuous Spell "Ancient Gear Castle" activated.
 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Level 4)
 
 
 Mighty as FIRE
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Molten Destruction." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Level 20)
 
 
 Mind Scan
 
 If your Life Points are 3000 or more, you can see the cards Set in your opponent's field.
 
 Maximillion Pegasus  (Level 13)
 
 
 Miracle Fusion Time!
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 500 or below. Instead of doing a normal draw, " Miracle Fusion " is added to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Jaden Yuki  (Drop)
 
 
 Monstermorph: Evolution
 
 Can be used each time your Life Point decrease by 1500. Send a monster (except a Token) on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Then randomly play a monster that is same Attribute and Type as the monster you sent to the Graveyard, but is 1 Level higher from your Deck (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned.) This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Mokuba Kaiba  (Level 4)
 
 
 Moth to the Flame
 
 Turn counts are double-speed for any  Petit Moth  with  Cocoon of Evolution  equipped on your side of the field.
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Drop)
 
 
 My Monster Cards
 
 If your Deck has 6 or more Level 4 or lower monsters with different names, you will have better choices of having a Level 4 or lower monster in your starting hand.
 
 Yugi Muto  (Drop)
 
 
 Mythic Depths
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell "Umi" activated.
 
 Mako Tsunami  (Level 4)
 
 
 New Ultra Evolution
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send 1 Winged Beast-Type monster you control (excluding Tokens) to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your hand (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned.) This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Drop)
 
 
 No Mortal Can Resist
 
 Can be used when your Life points are at least 1000 less than the opponent's. All monsters in the opponent's Graveyard changes to Skull Servant. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Drop)
 
 
 Ojama Go!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Special Summon "Ojama Token" on your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position.
 
 Chazz Princeton  (Level 20)
 
 
 Ojama Overflow
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 500 or below. Special Summon as many "Ojama Token" as possible in the Defense Position on your opponent's side of the Field. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Chazz Princeton  (Drop)
 
 
 Parasite Infestation
 
 After starting hands are dealt, 1 or 2 " Parasite Paracide " cards are added to your opponent's deck, face-up. [Notes 7] 
 
 Weevil Underwood  (Level 20)
 
 
 Peak Performance
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Mountain " activated.
 
 Seto Kaiba  (Level 4)
 
 
 Posthumous Army
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. All monsters on the field, as well as in both players' Graveyards become Zombie-Type monsters until the end of your opponent's turn.
 
 Bonz  (Drop)
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Yami " activated.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Level 4)
 
 
 Precognition
 
 You can view the top card of both players' Decks until the end of the 5th turn. [Notes 8] 
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Level 20)
 
 
 Quick as the WIND
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Rising Air Current." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Level 13)
 
 
 Radiating LIGHT
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Luminous Spark." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Drop)
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Return one card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster. [Notes 9] 
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Level 20) Jaden Yuki  (Level 20) Aster Phoenix  (Level 20) Alexis Rhodes  (Drop)
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Yugi Muto  (Level 20) Bandit Keith  (Level 20) Paradox Brothers  (Level 13) Bonz  (Level 20) Jaden Yuki  (Drop) Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 Reversal of Fate
 
 Select 1 "Arcana Force" monster you control. That monster's effect is now treated as the opposite coin toss result.   This Skill can be used twice per Duel.
 
 Sartorius Kumar  (Level 4)
 
 
 Right Back at You
 
 
 
 Yami Marik  (Level 20)
 
 
 Right Side Up!
 
 When you toss a coin for an "Arcana Force" monster's effect, the result will always be heads.
 
 Sartorius Kumar  (Drop)
 
 
 Roll 'n' Boost
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. Show 1 monster card in your hand to the opponent and roll the die once. The Level of the monster shown becomes that of the die number until the end of the turn.
 
 Joey Wheeler  (Drop)
 
 
 Sealed Tombs
 
 Until the end of the opponent's next turn, neither you nor the opponent can Special Summon monsters from the Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (Drop)
 
 
 Shadow Game
 
 At the end of their respective turn, each player will lose Life Points equal to "100" times the number of cards in their own Graveyard
 
 Arkana  (Drop)
 
 
 Show of Nightmares
 
 Can be activated if you have 3 or more Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard. Randomly add 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Arkana  (Drop)
 
 
 Silent as WATER
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Umiiruka." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Bastion Misawa  (Level 4)
 
 
 Sleight of Hand
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Add 1 "7 Completed" card, hidden in your wristband, to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Bandit Keith  (Level 13)
 
 
 Sorcery Conduit
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Spellcaster-Type monster.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Level 20)
 
 
 Spell Specialist
 
 If your Deck contains 5 or more Spell Cards with different names, you will have improved chances of having a Spell Card in your starting hand.
 
 Yami Yugi  (Drop)
 
 
 Straight to the Grave
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell "Wasteland" activated.
 
 Bonz  (Level 4)
 
 
 Surprise Present
 
 Select 1 card Set in your Spell & Trap Zone, and force it on your opponent. Only the player that activates this Skill can view this card. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Téa Gardner  (Level 20)
 
 
 Survival of the Fittest
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000 if you have 3 or more "Evolution Pill" cards in your Deck. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random "Evolution Pill" card from your Deck. This Skill can be used twice per Duel.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Drop)
 
 
 Switcheroo
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card in your hand to your Deck and draw another. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel. [Notes 10] 
 
 Bandit Keith  (Level 4)
 
 
 Teacherly Discipline
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Declare a Monster, Spell or Trap Card. That type of card will be randomly selected from your opponent's Deck and placed on top of their Deck. Neither player will see what the card is. Nothing will be placed on top of your opponent's Deck if the declared card type is not in their Deck.
 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler  (Drop)
 
 
 Tether of Defeat
 
 Can be used when one of the opponent's monster is destroyed in battle. The Top card from either your or the opponents deck is sent to the graveyard.
 
 Yami Bakura  (Level 20)
 
 
 The Dino Within
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Send 1 Reptile-Type you control (excluding Tokens) to the Graveyard, and Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Dinosaur-Type monster with the same Attribute as that monster in the Graveyard, but 3 Levels higher (the monster must be able to be Normal Summoned.) This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Drop)
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of your turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Yugi Muto  (Level 13) Jaden Yuki  (Drop)
 
 
 Three-Star Demotion
 
 Can be used by paying 3000 Life Points. Until the End Phase, reduce the Level of all monsters in your hand by 3. This Skill can only be used once per turn. [Notes 11] 
 
 Paradox Brothers  (Drop)
 
 
 Thunder, Water, and Wind
 
 Can be used when you Life Points decrease by 1800. Randomly add 1 " Sanga of the Thunder ," 1 " Kazejin ," or 1 " Suijin " to your hand (these cards are not drawn from your Deck.) This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Paradox Brothers  (Level 20)
 
 
 Titan Showdown
 
 Whichever player has double or more LP than the other takes double battle damage.
 
 Rex Raptor  (Drop)
 
 
 Trap Layer
 
 If you have 5 or more Trap Cards with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having Trap Cards in your starting hand.
 
 Odion  (Drop)
 
 
 Unstoppable Dino Power
 
 Increase the ATK/DEF of all Dinosaur-Type monsters you control by 100.   This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  (Level 20)
 
 
 Where the Heroes Dwell
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell "Skyscraper." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Jaden Yuki  (Level 4)
 
 Duel Links Legend Deck Guide 
 The  Duel Links Legend Deck Guide  included three different sets of three Skills:  Yami Yugi  Skills,  Seto Kaiba  Skills, and generic Skills.
 
 Power of Dark (Yugi) Sorcery Conduit (Yugi) Destiny Draw (Yugi) Peak Performance (Kaiba) Beatdown (Kaiba) Heavy Starter (Kaiba) Restart (Generic) LP Boost α (Generic) Draw Sense: Spell/Trap (Generic) 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 6 November 2017. While the description remained the same, this Skill only affects three cards out of four in the opening hand. The Skill was changed again in June 2018, needing the player to have at least 6 each of Monsters, Spells, and Traps to trigger. [25] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 6 November 2017. While the description remained the same, the card added to the player's hand is now stronger than before. [25] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was named "Draw Sense: Magic" in the beta release. 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 23 May 2017. [26]  Previously, this Skill had the following effect: Can be used each time 3 of your Trap Cards are sent to the Graveyard. 1 random Trap Card in your Graveyard is added to your deck, and your Deck is shuffled. [27] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 18 July 2017. Previously, this Skill had the following effect: If you normal draw a Fairy-Type monster card during the Draw Phase, the card is shown to the opponent and you recover 500 Life Points. [28] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 18 July 2017. Previously, this Skill had the following effect: Begin Duel with the Field Spell "Harpies' Hunting Ground" activated. [28] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 18 July 2017. Previously, this Skill had the following effect: After starting hands are dealt, a random number of "Parasite Paracide" cards are added to the opponent's Deck, face-up. [28] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 23 May 2017. [26]  Previously, this Skill had the following effect: If your opponent's Life Points are double or more than double your own, you can look at the card on top of both players' Decks at any time. [27] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 23 May 2017. [26]  Previously, this Skill had the following effect: Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random Warrior-Type monster. [27] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 23 May 2017. [26]  Previously, this Skill had the following effect: Return 1 card in your hand to your Deck and draw another. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel. [27] 
 
 ↑   This Skill was changed on 18 July 2017. Previously, this Skill had the following effect: Can be used by paying 2000 Life Points. Until the End Phase, reduce the Level of all monsters in your hand by 3. This Skill can only be used once per turn. [28] 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 4: " Pain and Gain " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 2: " Seize the Wind! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 10: " Eye of the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 9: " Malicious Mayhem " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 73: " Weathering the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 7: " Fallen Angel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 26: " Diagnosis: Deletion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 15: " Camouflaged Chaos " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 24: " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 26: " Diagnosis: Deletion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 28: " Bugging Out " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 24: " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 47: " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 49: " Bring the Heat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 51: " Bounty Hunting " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 54: " Game of Drones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 56: " Blue Gal Battles! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 73: " Weathering the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 82: " Gored " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 75: " Earthfall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 75: " Earthfall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 99: " Bohman’s End Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 104: " Your Reign is Over " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   NeoArkadia (17 October 2017).  "[Duel Links] New Limitations" . The Organization .  https://ygorganization.com/duel-links-new-limitations/ . Retrieved 4 December 2017 . 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   26.2   26.3   escaves (17 April 2017).  "Latest Skill Changes" . FanChats .  https://www.fanschats.com/fan-clubs/games/yu-gi-oh-duel-links/9905-latest-skill-changes . Retrieved 4 December 2017 . 
 
 ↑  27.0   27.1   27.2   27.3   SaruwatariShun (17 April 2017).  "[Android/IOS] Yugioh Duel Links Released for Singapore" . HardwareZone Forums .  http://forums.hardwarezone.com.sg/handheld-mobile-gaming-384/%5Bandroid-ios%5D-yugioh-duel-links-released-singapore-5493298-192.html#post107492951 . Retrieved 4 December 2017 . 
 
 ↑  28.0   28.1   28.2   28.3   Dan (30 June 2017).  "[Duel Links] Balancing Updates" . The Organization .  https://ygorganization.com/lmaotea . Retrieved 4 December 2017 . 
 
 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Series 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Specials 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! LABO 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Tower of Hanoi 
 Tower of Hanoi 
 Lost Ignis 
 Ignis War 
 Ai's Rebellion 
 Duel terms 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Link Arrow 
 Link Material 
 Link Monster 
 Link Summon 
 LINK VRAINS 
 Master Duel 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Skill 
 Speed Duel 
 Special Summon 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Monsters 
 Tribute Summon 
 Xyz Material 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Blue Angel 
 Technology 
 A.I. Dueling Chip (Duel A.I. Implant Chip) 
 Cyberse World 
 D-Board 
 Data Storm 
 The Deleted (Another) 
 Duel Disk 
 LINK VRAINS 
 Mirror LINK VRAINS 
 Neuron Link 
 Solid Vision 
 SOLtiS 
 Tower of Hanoi 
 Groups 
 Celebrity Duelist (Charisma Duelist) 
 Ignis 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Lightning's faction 
 Playmaker's faction 
 SOL Technologies 
 Abilities 
 Brain Hack 
 Link Sense 
 Events 
 Battle for the Cyberse 
 Hanoi Project 
 
 Chracters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Yugi_Power_of_Dark.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/128?cb=20170604165307', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/21/Yugi_Sorcery_Invitation.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/124?cb=20170604165312', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d4/Yugi_Destiny_Draw.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/131?cb=20170604165302', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Kaiba_Stand.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/125?cb=20170604180926', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Kaiba_Pulverize.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/127?cb=20170604180921', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/69/Kaiba_Heavy_Starter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/134?cb=20170604180916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/Generic_Restart.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/126?cb=20170604180950', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Generic_LP_Boost.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/128?cb=20170604180946', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/60/Generic_Draw_Sense.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/131?cb=20170604180941', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: