Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_030


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 030 
 
 
 
 
 Vowing to believe in  Yuya ,  Gong  prepares to clash with " Shaman Battleguard ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 試される不動の心 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tamesareru Fudō no Kokoro 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Tested Steadfast Heart 
 
 
 English 
 Gong the Strong 
 
 
 Number 
 030 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 2, 2014 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 6, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 2, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 February 12, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Believe x Believe " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " One Step " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Noh Gil-bo 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fusion Foes " 
 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Gong the Strong ", known as " The Tested Steadfast Heart " in the Japanese version, is the thirtieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 2, 2014 and in Australia on December 6, 2015. Nicktoons aired it on December 11, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2016. 
 It's the first round of the  Arc League Championship .  Gong 's first battle begins, and his opponent is his former fellow disciple,  Grizzlepike Jones . Using a cunning trap, Gong and  Yuya  are both played around with by Grizzlepike. Furthermore, an inconceivable crisis awaits them both...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Gong Strong vs. Grizzlepike   Jones 
 2.2   Yuya Sakaki vs. 4 of Grizzlepike's henchmen 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Errors 
 6   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Gong  remembers his encounter with  Grizzlepike  in his childhood, thinking that his former senior disciple is his first opponent as he sits cross-legged with steaming riceballs on his shoulders. Not only did he humiliate  Yuya , but he dissented against the teachings of the  Strong Dojo  and left disgracefully. He gets fired up, claiming that he cannot lose this match.  His father  throws open the Dojo doors, proudly declaring that that's what he wants to hear. Holding out a black sash to Gong, his father tells him that as he tightens this new sash, he must also temper and tighten his steadfast spirit in preparation of this next battle. Strapping the sash on in place of his white one, Gong replies that he understands.
 As an announcer describes the  Arc League Championship  as a festival and gathering of Duelists and their burning feelings,  Yuya  sits outside, thinking that after  Zuzu 's victory yesterday, it's finally his turn. Gong, him, and  Sora  will all win and get to the next round he says out loud. A bald boy crashes into him, yelling at him to look out and dropping a white sash, protesting that it's Gong's for the match today. Yuya recognizes the sash, but a pink-haired boy with a Mohawk snatches up the sash and takes off. Yuya and the bald boy run after him.  Ally  and  Frederick  urge everyone else to hurry up, since Gong's match is starting soon. Zuzu looks around in confusion, since Yuya had promised to meet them there, and  Tate  gasps, pointing to see Yuya sprinting off, as Sora observes. As he pursues the thief, Yuya wonders why he's stealing Gong's sash. The bald boy explains that the thief's probably one of Grizzlepike's friends, who will resort to any means to win. Yuya grits his teeth in anger, and the boy asks if Yuya has a match soon. Yuya replies that he can't let that stop him. Gong comes first. The bald boy smiles upon hearing that. 
 In the arena,  Nico Smiley  welcomes the audience to the second day of the tournament, and he introduces the competitors. While he doesn't belong to any known school, this Duelist qualified for the Junior Youth Championship with a six-win streak: Grizzlepike who stomps into the arena and grins. His opponent is the successor to the Heavystrong Dueling style of the Strong Dojo, Gong Strong. Gong stands with his back to Grizzlepike, baring his sash, which he compliments, asking if Gong's father gave it to him. Gong reminds him that the master of the Dojo always gives them a new sash before a pivotal match, and that is the tradition of the Strong Dojo. Snickering, Grizzlepike states that he's taken advantage of that so-called tradition, and Gong raises his eyebrow in surprise. Nico suggests that they select the Action Field, and it's chosen as " Calamity Cove " An island covered in dense forest appears, with Gong and Grizzlepike standing in a clearing. Grizzlepike remarks that the dense forest is quite the coincidence, since he's sure that Gong's friend is in a dense forest right now. Gong asks what Grizzlepike said, turning around in shock.
 Yuya and the bald boy reach a clearing, and the thief and two other boys step out of the trees. Yuya is shocked at being ambushed, and even more when the bald boy abandons him, calling him an idiot for falling for it. The thief tells Yuya that he'll be keeping them company for a little while (in the dub, he tells Yuya he shouldn't have gotten on Grizzlepike's bad side), and Yuya grits his teeth. 
 Gong furiously and rudely yells at Grizzlepike; how could he do something so underhanded. The former pupil laughs, asking Gong what happened to his unshakeable spirit. He comments that that's all his so-called Heavystrong spirit is worth. Using any methods in order to win is what the truly strong do, which is why he cut his ties to the Strong Dojo. Grizzlepike sneers that he wonders if Yuya is all right. He suggests that Gong hurry up and defeat him, unless he's going to spout nonsense about Yuya being more important than him and surrender the match now. In the stands, Zuzu irritably phones Yuya to see where he's run off too, and she contacts him as he stands with his  Duel Disk  activated. Yuya tells Zuzu to tell Gong not to worry, and that Yuya will get Gong's sash back. Zuzu is quite confused as Yuya hangs up. Down in the stadium, Gong declares that upon the honor of his Dojo, he cannot surrender without a fight. Grizzlepike tells him to struggle all he wants, and they kick out at one another, sparring as Gong chants, "Duelists locked in battle!" Blocking Gong's strike, Grizzlepike yells, "Kicking against the earth and dancing in the air alongside their monsters! They storm through this field!" The Duelists push against one another, as Gong yells, "Behold! This is the newest..." and "Grizzlepike" "...and greatest evolution of Dueling!" They both yell "ACTION!" and they, Yuya, and Grizzlepike's friends all yell, "DUEL! (in the dub, they banter more about the current situation)"
 The  Action Cards  scatter and Grizzlepike takes the first turn. He Summons " Granite Battleguard " and activates its effect; since it was  Normal Summoned  he can  Special Summon  " Boulder Battleguard " from his hand. Nico reacts with surprise, calling it a throwback for him, since these are the monsters that  the Sledgehammer  used. Setting a card, Grizzlepike ends his turn, telling Gong that it's his turn, and if he doesn't hurry up, his friend will be beaten to a pulp. Retorting that he was already planning to beat Grizzlepike with one attack, Gong draws explosively. Since his opponent controls two or more monsters, he can Special Summon " Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji " from his hand. "Big Waraji" can be treated as two  Tributes  for the  Tribute Summon  of a  Machine - Type  monster, so Gong Tributes it to Tribute Summon " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei " in  Defense Position . As "Big Benkei" appears from a column of green light, Nico explains to the audience that "Big Benkei" can be Summoned in face-up Defense Position, while Tate excitedly recalls that "Big Benkei" can  attack  with its 3500  DEF . Ally cheers that it can take out either of those "Battleguards" in one hit, while Frederick gets his shivers, and Sora points out that Gong won't be ending it in one attack though (in the dub, Sora wonders why Frederick is even here). Zuzu meanwhile, wonders if Grizzlepike was taking about Yuya when he referred to a friend being beaten to a pulp (cut from the dub). 
 Gong continues his turn, explaining that when he has no  Spell / Trap Cards  in his  Graveyard , he can send a " Superheavy Samurai " monster from his hand to his Graveyard to Special Summon the  Tuner monster , " Superheavy Samurai Trumpter " from his hand. Discarding " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves ", he Special Summons "Trumpter" in  Defense Position . Ally cheers at the sight of the Tuner monster, which will allow Gong to  Synchro Summon . Pike laughs, calling it naive. He activates a Trap Card, " Battleguard Sorcery ", which since he controls a " Battleguard " monster and his opponent controls at least two monsters, allows Grizzlepike to take control of one of Gong's monsters. Flaming pillars erupt around the "Battleguards", who perform a tribal dance and clash their clubs, sending out a shockwave that takes control of "Trumpter", who joins the "Battleguards" in their dance. Tate and Frederick bemoan the monster's theft and Grizzlepike laughs, explaining that he'd already researched that Gong had won his way into the tournament using Synchro Summoning. Matches aren't just decided within the field, and anything could be happening outside of this field right now. If Gong doesn't hurry up and go, who knows what will happen to his beloved friend? Gong utters Yuya's name and Zuzu gasps. Yuya meanwhile, rides on " Performapal Hip Hippo ", urging Gong to wait, as he will be right there.
 Nico recaps, explaining that Gong had brought out a Tuner monster and aimed for a Synchro Summon, but Grizzlepike has taken control of the key card that he needed.  Julia  comments to a frustrated  Kit  that his so-called disciple is doing terrible, and  Dipper  admits that he didn't expect to see Gong's monster get taken so easily. Kit furiously asks if Gong is trying to make him look bad, warning him that Kit won't accept a loss. Gritting his teeth, Gong tells himself that he needs to hurry up, and he immediately attacks "Granite Battleguard" with "Big Benkei". Grizzlepike activates the effect of "Boulder Battleguard", allowing him to negate an attack targeting a "Battleguard" monster, and the "Battleguard" spins its club to block the plume of fire that "Big Benkei" sent its way. Ally gasps that the attack got cancelled, and Gong swears and slams his fist into the ground, roaring that he doesn't have time for this. Kit wonders in concern why Gong is panicking. Grizzlepike sneers, asking what this is, is Gong frustrated, is he panicking? Gong got betrayed by his monster and he doesn't know what's happening to his beloved friend. Grizzlepike bets that Yuya is thinking that Gong has betrayed him too, even though he believed that Gong would come and save him but he won't, and Gong continues to punch the ground, yelling his friend's name. Grizzlepike snickers, mentally urging Gong to suffer and panic, since the more he does, the more his spirit and Dueling will be sullied. He yells that he'll prove how fragile Gong's Heavystrong spirit is. 
 Zuzu calls out to Gong, urging him to believe in Yuya, explaining that Yuya told her to tell Gong that he'd get Gong's sash. Gong is surprised, and Zuzu reminds him that Yuya isn't the same Yuya as he was before, and he can fight on his own. Gong's father leaps onto the fence beside Zuzu, telling his son that now is the time for a Heavystrong spirit, and he must believe in his friend as well as in himself. The words reach Gong, but Pike, realizing that they got in contact with Yuya, comments that it's pitiful when "that weakling" acts like he's something else. Gong rises to his feet, declaring that Yuya is no longer a weakling, as Yuya is seen still Dueling, vowing to get the sash back. Gong replies that Yuya will definitely come back, agreeing with Zuzu that Yuya isn't the same as he was three years ago and can fight on his own, and Gong declares that now that he knows that his friend is safe, his spirit will waver no more. Gong will follow his Dueling ways, and kanji reading "Steadfast as a Mountain" appear around him (the Japanese name of Gong's Heavystrong Dueling style is "Steadfast").  Skip Boyle  gets excited, cheering Gong on, but as Sora points out, Gong has to end his turn right there since he can't attack anymore. Gong vows to believe in Yuya and urges him to follow his Dueling ways as well. Yuya is seen again, declaring, "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ("Grizzlepiketlemen" in the dub)! IT'S SHOWTIME!" His " Hippo Tokens " dance above him on a rainbow as Yuya proudly presents the Dueltaining inherited from  Yusho Sakaki , and Grizzlepike's friends clap and cheer in appreciation, while Yuya politely bows. Back at the Duel, Grizzlepike slams his foot into the ground, incensed at Gong believing in others, since people betray one another, just like Gong's monster betrayed him. 
 He declares his turn and draws " Shaman Battleguard ". Holding the card up, Grizzlepike Tributes his three monsters to Special Summon "Shaman Battleguard", who appears cackling and dancing, terrifying the kids in the crowd. Sora is more interested by the 2000  ATK  of the  Level 10  monster (in the dub, Sora says that monster puts the "twist" in "twisted"), which probably means that it's got something special about it. He's proven right as Grizzlepike activates the effect of "Shaman Battleguard", taking control of an opponent's monster. This time, he takes control of "Big Benkei", and "Shaman Battleguard" sends out a shockwave that takes control of "Big Benkei". The kids are horrified that "Big Benkei" was taken control of as well, and Grizzlepike yells that there is nothing worth believing in in the world, suggesting that Gong accept that as he takes this attack. "Big Benkei" attacks directly, much to everyone's horror, and Gong takes the blast full on, howling in agony as it pushes him, still standing, through the trees and onto a cliffside. He stops inches from the edge and drops to his knees as his  LP  falls to 500, Nico commenting that that one must have hurt, 3500 damage all at once. Skip asks if Gong is okay, and Julia sympathetically admits that it hurts to watch this, Dipper observing that Gong only has 500 LP remaining. Kit snaps at Gong, asking if he's trying to embarrass Kit. Grizzlepike walks up laughing that Gong managed to save himself at the edge of a cliff. The next attack is game over. As Gong gets up, as Pike tells him that standing up is a waste of time, he'll take the attack of "Shaman Battleguard" and plunge into the ocean behind him. No matter how much Gong believes, his friend isn't coming. Gong yells that Yuya will come, he believes it, and Grizzlepike tells him to save that thought as he takes this attack, ordering the direct attack of "Shaman Battleguard". Gong activates the effect of the "Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves" in his Graveyard. He can  banish  it to target the attacking monster, draw a card and  reveal  it. If it is a "Superheavy Samurai" monster, the attacking monster's  ATK  becomes 0. Time seems to slow as Gong readies himself to draw, his friends gasp and he draws explosively, getting " Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet ." Flames envelop Gong's fist and he raises it, yelling that he believes in Yuya. He brings his hand down as the ATK of "Shaman Battleguard" falls to zero, yelling that Yuya will definitely come, and karate chops through the spike on the side of the skull-hand of "Shaman Battleguard". The broken spike slices through Gong's sash as "Shaman Battleguard" leaps away. No matter what, Gong's spirit that believes in his friend shall never waver. The crowd cheer as Nico praises Gong's move in dodging his opponent's final attack by a hair's breadth with his back to the abyss. Grizzlepike scoffs, claiming that Gong just got lucky, and he warns Gong that as long as he controls "Big Benkei", Gong can't attack "Shaman Battleguard", which can only take control of a single monster, but should Gong happen to Summon one that is stronger that "Big Benkei", Grizzlepike can swap "Big Benkei" out for it. So basically, Gong has no way to win.
 Gong looks down at his torn sash that this father gave him for this battle, but it isn't what he needs now. What he needs now is... (in the dub, Gong hopes he doesn't share his sash's fate) Then he hears Yuya's voice calling his name, and Yuya stands proudly at the top of the bleachers, holding Gong's white sash. His friends all call his name, and Gong comments that Yuya is finally here. Yuya apologizes for the wait, and tosses Gong's sash to him. Gong catches the sash, and declares that he's gotten the sash from Yuya. He believed, and Yuya came, and this is now Gong's sash for victory. Gong declares his turn and draws " Superheavy Samurai Battleball ". He Summons "Battleball", a Tuner monster, and Grizzlepike scoffs, pointing out that without any other monsters, the Tuner monster is just fodder. Gong replies that "Battleball" can use a Machine-Type monster on his opponent's field to Synchro Summon, much to Grizzlepike's shock, and Gong  tunes  the  Level 2  "Battleball" with the  Level 8  "Big Benkei",  chanting , "Raging deity, in unison with the soul of a thousand blades, come forth in a spiraling sandstorm! Synchro Summon! Now come before us! Level 10!  Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ! ((Dub) "There's no way you're ready for what's next! This monster is gonna bring you some big league pain! (I)/(Gong) Synchro Summon(s) (my)/(his) Level 10  Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo !")" Kit and Skip cheer at Gong's successful Synchro Summon, and next, Gong equips "Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet" from his hand to "Susanowo", increasing its DEF by 400, to 4200. Grizzlepike realizes in shock that, as Gong confirms, just like "Big Benkei", "Susanowo" can attack using its DEF. Gong declares his Battle Phase and attacks "Shaman Battleguard" with "Susanowo". Ally and Tate realizes that since the ATK of "Shaman Battleguard" is currently zero, as Sora confirms, Gong will end it in one attack. Frederick gets a hefty bout of his shivers. Gong orders "Susanowo's" " Swinging Sword Slash ", cutting the "Battleguard" down and wiping out Grizzlepike's LP. 
 Nico announces Gong as their first Junior Youth winner of the day, and Kit sighs in relief that Gong finally won after making him sweat like that. Gong walks over to Yuya, telling Yuya that he believed in him (in the dub, Gong apologizes for making Yuya worry), and shaking his hand as Yuya replies that he believed that Gong would win. Skip, Zuzu and the kids run over, asking where Yuya was. Yuya apologizes, reassuring them that he'll do his best in the next Duel so that he doesn't fall behind Gong (in the dub, Yuya explains that he took care of the thieves). Nico announces the participants for the next Duel,  You Show Duel School 's Yuya Sakaki versus  Leo Institute of Dueling 's  Sylvio Sawatari . Yuya heads onto the field, declaring that he's off.
 
 Featured Duels 
       Each with their own battle.     
 Gong Strong vs. Grizzlepike   Jones 
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Calamity Cove " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Grizzlepike 
 Grizzlepike   Normal Summons  " Granite Battleguard " (1000/???). As it was Normal Summoned, its  effect  activates, letting him  Special Summon  " Boulder Battleguard " (1200/???) from his hand in  Attack Position . Grizzlepike  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Gong 
As his opponent  controls  two or more  monsters ,  Gong  Special Summons " Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji " (800/1800) from his hand via its own effect. Its effect allows it to be treated as two  Tributes  for the  Tribute Summon  of a  Machine - Type  monster, so he Tributes it to Tribute Summon " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei " (1000/3500), whose own effect allows it to be Tribute Summoned in  Defense Position . As he has no  Spell / Trap Cards  in his  Graveyard , Gong Special Summons " Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter " from his hand via its own effect by sending a " Superheavy Samurai " monster from his hand to the Graveyard. He sends " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves " to Special Summon "Trumpeter" in Defense Position (300/600). As he controls a " Battleguard " monster and his opponent controls two or more monsters, Grizzlepike activates his  face-down  " Battleguard Sorcery ", which allows him to take control of one of his opponent's monsters. He takes control of "Trumpeter". "Big Benkei" may attack while it is in Defense Position, with its DEF being applied for  damage calculation  instead of its ATK. "Big Benkei"  attacks  "Granite Battleguard", but Grizzlepike activates the effect of "Boulder Battleguard", letting him  negate  the attack of an opponent's monster against a "Battleguard" monster once per turn.
 Turn 3: Grizzlepike 
Grizzlepike  draws  " Shaman Battleguard " and subsequently Special Summons it from his hand via its own effect by Tributing three monsters he controls, at least one of which must be a "Battleguard" monster. He Tributes "Granite Battleguard, "Boulder Battleguard" and "Trumpeter" to Special Summon it Attack Position (2000/3000). He then activates its effect, letting him gain control of an opponent's monster. While he controls a monster via this effect, "Shaman Battleguard" cannot be  targeted  for attacks. He takes control of "Big Benkei". "Big Benkei" attacks  directly  (Gong 4000 → 500). "Battleguard Shaman" attacks directly, but Gong activates the effect of the "Gigagloves" in his Graveyard,  banishing  it to target the attacking monster, draw a card and  reveal  it. If it is a "Superheavy Samurai" monster, the attacking monster's  ATK  becomes 0. Gong draws " Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet " ("Shaman Battleguard" 2000/3000 → 0/3000).
 Turn 4: Gong 
Gong draws " Superheavy Samurai Battleball " and subsequently Normal Summons it (100/800). He then activates its effect, which allows him to use a Machine-Type monster his opponent controls as a  Synchro Material  for a  Synchro Summon . He then  tunes  the Level 2  Tuner monster  "Battleball" with the Level 8 "Big Benkei" to  Synchro Summon  the Level 10 " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo " (2400/3800) in Defense Position. The effect of "Susanowo" treats it as a "Superheavy Samurai" monster, so Gong  equips  it with "Soulbuster Gauntlet" via that card's effect to increase its  DEF  by 400 ("Susanowo" 2400/3800 → 2400/4200). "Susanowo" may attack while its in Defense Positon, with its DEF being applied for damage calculation instead of its ATK. "Susanowo" attacks and  destroys  "Shaman Battleguard" (Grizzlepike 4000 → 0).
 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. 4 of Grizzlepike's henchmen 
 Duel is shown from an unspecified turn. Yuya controls " Performapal Hip Hippo " (800/800).
 An unspecified number of turns passes and Yuya controls three " Hippo Tokens " (0/0 each).
 An unknown amount of time later, Yuya wins the Duel (in the dub, it's implied that he won on the previously shown turn through an unspecified effect).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji 
 Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Battleball 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo 
 
 Grizzlepike Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Boulder Battleguard 
 Granite Battleguard 
 Shaman Battleguard Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Battleguard Sorcery 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Calamity Cove 
 Trivia 
 Grizzlepike claims that Gong got lucky in surviving the third turn when he drew a monster with the effect of "Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves", but in reality, seeing as how Gong has said previously that his entire Deck is made of monsters, he was guaranteed to draw a monster. 
 In the scene of the crowd following the scene where Yuya is led off by Grizzlepike's goons, two spectators are wearing headgear referencing or resembling monsters used by  Yugi Muto : the female is seen wearing a visor resembling  Dark Magician Girl's  hat and the child wears a  Kuriboh  cap. 
 Errors 
       " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo " shown in  Attack Position  instead of  Defense Position .     
 When  Gong   Synchro Summons  " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ", instead of showing its  DEF , it shows its  ATK  as 3800. This was not corrected in the dub. 
 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Le Gong de la victoire
 
 
  German 
 Gong, der Starke
 
 
  Italian 
 Contro ogni tempesta
 
 
  Korean 
 시험당하는 뚝심
 
 
  Thai 
 หัวใจมั่นคงที่ถูกทดสอบ
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/ArcV_030.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141102154409', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/ARC-V_Episode_30_Action_Duel%21.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20141105183752', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Susano-O_error_ep30.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141102180403', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes