Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sartorius_Kumar_(Duel_Links)


 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 斎王琢磨 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Sartorius Kumar Deck 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Daniel J. Edwards 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Takehito Koyasu 
 
 
 
 Sartorius Kumar  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  who appears in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Sartorius , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He is exclusive to the  special event   Consumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 During the special event, Tarot Cards are required to Duel Sartorius Kumar at the  Gate . Otherwise, White Gate Keys are required to duel Sartorius at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Cosumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Level 60 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Sartotius not only serves as  Aster Phoenix's  manager, but he's also a fortuneteller. With the ability to manipulate destiny, he controls his Arcana Force monsters' effects at will. Corrupted by the malevolent Light of Destruction, Sartorius sets out to conquer the world. But after losing to  Jaden  in a Duel, he is freed from its evil force... or has he?
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Sartorius Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Candle of Fate  x3 
 Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper  x3 
 Embryonic Beast  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x2 
 The Judgement Hand  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cup of Ace  x2 
 Cosumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 Level 10 
 
 The Magician Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Candle of Fate  x3 
 Dokuroizo the Grim Reaper  x3 
 Dokuroyaiba  x3 
 Happy Lover  x3 
 Embryonic Beast  x3 
 Lunar Queen Elzaim  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force I - The Magician Spells   &  Traps  (1) 
 Traps 
 Reversal of Fate 
 Level 20 
 
 The Emperor Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Moon Envoy  x2 
 The Judgement Hand  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force III - The Empress  x3 
 Arcana Force IV - The Emperor 
 Ryu-Kishin Clown  x2 
 The Stern Mystic  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Cup of Ace 
 Restructer Revolution 
 Traps 
 Arcana Call 
 Tower of Babel 
 Reversal of Fate  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 The World Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force I - The Magician  x2 
 Arcana Force III - The Empress  x3 
 Arcana Force IV - The Emperor  x2 
 Arcana Force VI - The Lovers  x3 
 Arcana Force VII - The Chariot 
 Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon 
 Arcana Force XIV - Temperance 
 Arcana Force XXI - The World  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Light Barrier 
 Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen 
 Traps 
 Arcana Call 
 Reversal of Fate  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 The Light Ruler Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force III - The Empress  x3 
 Arcana Force IV - The Emperor  x3 
 Arcana Force VII - The Chariot  x3 
 Arcana Force XIV - Temperance 
 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Light Barrier  x2 
 Suit of Sword X 
 Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen  x3 
 Traps 
 Arcana Call 
 Reversal of Fate 
 Level 60 
Skill: Predestination (All coins will be flipped heads.) 
 The Light Ruler Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force 0 - The Fool 
 Arcana Force III - The Empress  x3 
 Arcana Force IV - The Emperor  x3 
 Arcana Force VII - The Chariot  x3 
 Arcana Force XIV - Temperance 
 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Light Barrier 
 Suit of Sword X 
 Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen  x3 
 Traps 
 Beckoning Light 
 Tour of Doom 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Sartorius Kumar reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Reversal of Fate "
 
 
 4
 
 Reversal of Fate ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Sartorius Kumar)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force IV - The Emperor "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Sartorius Kumar)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Light Barrier "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force IV - The Emperor "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Call "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Reversal of Fate "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Call 
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Light Barrier ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Light Barrier "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force VII - The Chariot "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Call "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Sartorius Kumar)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Reversal of Fate "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force IV - The Emperor "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force VII - The Chariot "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Light Barrier "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Arcana Force VII - The Chariot "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Sartorius Kumar)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Fiend Comedian "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Sartorius Kumar, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Arcana Force I - The Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Arcana Force III - The Empress "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Arcana Force XIV - Temperance "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Empress Judge "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Arcana Force VI - The Lovers "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spirit of the Harp "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Hibikime "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Dokuroyaiba "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Reversal of Fate
 
 Select 1 " Arcana Force " monster you control. That monster's effect is now treated as the opposite coin toss result. This Skill can be used twice per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Light Barrier
 
 At the beginning of your first Turn, " Light Barrier " is set on your Field Zone.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Arcana Swap
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, shuffle any number of " Arcana Force " monsters from your hand into the Deck. Then, draw that same number of cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Master of Destiny
 
 When you toss a coin, the result will always be heads for the first 3 coin tosses. Your first Normal Draw will be skipped. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 7 or more cards with different names that require coin tosses. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 Drop
 
 
 Right Side Up!
 
 When you toss a coin for an " Arcana Force " monster's effect, the result will always be heads.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Three Lord Pillars
 
 If your Deck contains both " The Spiritual Lord " and " The Sky Lord ," begin the Duel with " The Material Lord " Set in your Spell & Trap Zone.
 
 Event
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Sartorius announces "You may have changed fate once before, but can you again?"
 When he wins the Duel, Sartorius says "Hahahahaha! Jaden Yuki!" followed by "Your HEROES are powerless against the Light of Destruction!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Sartorius says "The universe is still full of mysteries." followed by "One of which Jaden has unlocked to alter destiny." 
 Aster Phoenix 
 When starting a Duel with  Aster Phoenix , Sartorius announces "Aster! Freedom is but an illusion! You are destined to lose!"
 When he wins the Duel, Sartorius says "Hahaha... Yes... Grovel before me." followed by "I predicted that you'd be begging for my forgiveness!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ", a cut-in frame of Sartorius briefly appears and he announces "I shall call forth the great conqueror to end your destiny!" followed by "I tribute these three pillars of light!" then followed by "Behold! Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Beg Destiny for forgiveness!" followed by "The Light Ruler attacks! Final Ray! 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler ", he announces "Witness the power that rules over fate!" followed by "Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "You have no strength to confront your fate!" followed by "The Dark Ruler attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Dark Ruler's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XXI - The World ", a cut-in frame of Sartorius briefly appears and he announces "Hahahaha! With this card, your existence is over!" followed by "The final major arcana! Arcana Force XXI - The World!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Your destiny will be crushed by me!" followed by "The World! Attack! Catastrophe!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The World's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The World's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XIV - Temperance ", a cut-in frame of Sartorius's face briefly appears and he announces "Rise! Arcana Force XIV - Temperance!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Temperance attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Take this! By discarding Temperance, Battle Damage becomes zero!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon ", a cut-in frame of Sartorius's face briefly appears and he announces "Bear witness to Arcana Force XVIII - The Moon!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Moon! Attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The Moon's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Moon's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force 0 - The Fool ", he announces "Join me, Arcana Force 0 - The Fool!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Fool attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The Fool's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Fool's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force I - The Magician ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force I - The Magician!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Magician attacks!" followed by "Sphere-roid Stream!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first side up effect of that monster, he announces "The Magician's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second side up effect of that monster, he announces "The Magician's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force III - The Empress ", he announces "I call Arcana Force III - The Empress!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Empress! Attack!" followed by "The Empress's Blessing!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The Empress's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Empress's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force IV - The Emperor ", he announces "Come forth, Arcana Force IV - The Emperor!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Emperor attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The Emperor's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Emperor's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force VI - The Lovers ", he announces "Arise, Arcana Force VI - The Lovers!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Lovers attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Lovers' effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force VII - The Chariot ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force VII - The Chariot!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Chariot attack!" followed by "Master Blast! 
 When Sartorius activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "The Chariot's right side up effect!" 
 When Sartorius activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Chariot's upside down effect!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XII - The Hangman ", he announces "Come to me, Arcana Force XII - The Hangman!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Hangman! Attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Hangman's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Arcana Call ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Arcana Call!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Cup of Ace ", he announces "The Spell Card, Cup of Ace!" or "Cup of Ace's effect activates!"
 If the result was heads, he announces "Since it's right side up, I get to draw two cards from my Deck!" 
 If the result was tails, he announces "You should thank me. You get to draw two cards." or "It's upside down..." 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Light Barrier ", he announces "The Field Spell, Light Barrier!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sartorius announces "Fate will decide Light Barrier's effect!"
 If the result was heads, he announces "As long as I have Light Barrier, destiny cannot change!" 
 If the result was tails, he announces "But Light Barrier shall shine again next turn!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Monster Reincarnation ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Monster Reincarnation!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Reversal of Fate ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Reversal of Fate!" followed by "Arcana Force's effect switches to the opposite one!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Suit of Sword X ", he announces "Suit of Sword X!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " The Material Lord ", he announces "The Material Lord activates!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " The Sky Lord ", he announces "The Sky Lord activates!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " The Spiritual Lord ", he announces "The Spiritual Lord activates!" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " Tour of Doom ", he announces "The Continuous Trap, Tour of Doom!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sartorius announces "Tour of Doom's effect!"
 If the result was heads, he announces "Life cannot flourish in the land of the doomed!" 
 If the result was tails, he announces "Is my destiny breaking apart?" 
 Whenever Sartorius activates " White Veil ", he announces "The Equip Spell, White Veil!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force II - The High Priestess ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force II - The High Priestess!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The High Priestess attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The High Priestess's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force V - The Hierophant ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force V - The Hierophant!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Hierophant attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Hierophant's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force VIII - The Strength ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force VIII - The Strength!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strength! Attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Strength's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force IX - The Hermit ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force IX - The Hermit!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Hermit! Attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Hermit's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force X - Wheel of Fortune ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force X - Wheel of Fortune!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wheel of Fortune attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wheel of Fortune's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XI - Justice ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XI - Justice!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Justice attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Justices effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XIII - The Reaper ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XIII - The Reaper!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Reaper! Attack!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Reaper's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XV - The Fiend ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XV - The Fiend!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Fiend attacks!" followed by "Fiendish Disater!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Fiend's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XVI - The Tower ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XVI - The Tower!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Tower attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Tower's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XVII - The Star ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XVII - The Star!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Star attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Star's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XIX - The Sun ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XIX - The Sun!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Sun attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The Sun's effect activates!" 
 When Sartorius Summons " Arcana Force XX - Judgement ", he announces "I summon Arcana Force XX - Judgement!"
 Most of the time when Sartorius declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Judgement attacks!" 
 When Sartorius activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Judgement's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Sartorius activates " Call of the Haunted ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Call of the Haunted!" 
 Trivia 
 Sartorius' Japanese VA  Takehito Koyasu  also voiced  Dio Brando  from  JoJo's Bizarre Adventure  who has a  stand  called  The World . When playing  Duel Links  using the Japanese audio option, contrary to his performance in the  GX anime , Takehito Koyasu channels DIO when Sartorius Summons the card, " Arcana Force XXI - The World ". 
 Whenever Sartorius would flip a coin for an  Arcana Force  card, it would spin instead. This a reference as to how the  Arcana Force  cards worked in the anime. 
 Sartorius has different dialogue whenever he activates the coin flip effect of an  Arcana Force  monster or " Light Barrier ".
 Most of the time when the coin flip begins, Sartorius says:
 "Allow me to make a prediction. It will be right side up!" 
 "Arcana Force's effect depends on which way the card faces." 
 "I know all - so I know this card will be right side up!" 
 "My control over fate is absolute! The future will obey me!" 
 Most of the time when the coin flip is right side up, Sartorius says:
 "As I predicted! It gains the effect of right side up!" 
 "Fate obeys my every whim! Right side up!" 
 "I’m overflowing with the power of destiny! Right side up!" 
 "Right side up, of course!" 
 "There is no changing fate! The effect is right side up!" 
 Most of the time when the coin flip is upside down, Sartorius says:
 "How could my destiny be led astray?" 
 "Impossible!" 
 "Upside down!?" 
 "What? Upside down? How can this be?" 
 "Whaaaat?! Upside down?" 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Aigami ,  Sera ,  Prana ,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar,  Blair Flannigan , Yusei Fudo,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, or anime-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Sartorius's dialogue for such cards include: "Arcana Force II - The High Priestess", "Arcana Force V - The Hierophant", "Arcana Force IX - The Hermit", "Arcana Force X - Wheel of Fortune", "Arcana Force XI - Justice", "Arcana Force XIII - The Reaper", " Arcana Force XV - The Fiend ", "Arcana Force XVI - The Tower", "Arcana Force XVII - The Star", "Arcana Force XIX - The Sun", and "Arcana Force XX - Judgement". 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith ,  Ishizu Ishtar ,  Odion ,  Maximillion Pegasus , Arkana,  Espa Roba ,  Scud , Prana, Dr. Vellian Crowler, Syrus Truesdale, and Sartorius Kumar are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 Mako Tsunami, Sartorius Kumar,  Yuma Tsukumo , and  Bronk Stone  are the Legendary Duelists whose original english voice actors didn't reprise their roles in-game.
 In  Duel Links , Daniel J. Edwards voices Sartorius, instead of Sartorius's original English VA,  Maddie Blaustein .
 Sartorius' original English VA, Maddie Blaustein, passed away on December 11, 2008. 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz  - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo  - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 The Legendary Duelists who have the longest dialogue for the specific cards that feature a cut-in frame of the said character(s) are:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Marik  -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Odion -  Mystical Beast of Serket , The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 The Paradox Brothers -  Gate Guardian 
 Yubel -  Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sartorius Kumar -  Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ,  Arcana Force XXI - The World 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine  -  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi, Arkana, Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) , Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor, Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie , Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Sartorius  (Takuma Saiou) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Tag Force 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/SartoriusKumar-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200416231046', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/Profile-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest?cb=20190326131156', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4f/Icon-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524141002', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Icon-DULI-SartoriusKumar2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524140346', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/Chibi-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/CutIn-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190326131107', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Summoning-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190326131021', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Defeat-DULI-SartoriusKumar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190326130846', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Sartorius pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters