Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Heroic_Champion_-_Excalibur


 Heroic Champion - Excalibur 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 1.1   World Duel Carnival 
 1.2   ZEXAL II 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 4   Video Games 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 This card's attack name in anime is called "Single Sword - Finishing Move of the True Blade". 
 World Duel Carnival 
 In  episode 45 ,  Nistro  uses this card during his Duel against  Nelson Andrews . He  Xyz Summons  this card by overlaying " Heroic Challenger - Double Lance " with itself (due to the effect of "Heroic Challenger - Double Lance" it's treated as two monsters for the Xyz Summon of a " Heroic Champion "). Nistro then activates this card's effect to detach one Overlay Unit and double this card's ATK. Nistro then activates " Heroic Chance " to double this card's ATK once more. This card then attacks and destroys " Superdimensional Robot Galaxy Destroyer ", winning Nistro the Duel. 
 In  episode 53 , Nistro uses this card during the  Duel Coaster   Battle Royal  against  Quinton . He  Xyz Summons  this card by overlaying "Heroic Challenger - Double Lance" with itself (due to the effect of "Heroic Challenger - Double Lance" it's treated as two monsters for the Xyz Summon of a "Heroic Champion"). Nistro then activates this card's effect to detach one Overlay Unit and double this card's ATK. This card attacks directly, but Quinton activates " Neverending Nightmare " to negate the attack and inflict damage to Nistro equal to half this card's total ATK. Yuma arrives and activates the effect of " Achacha Chanbara " to nullify the damage Nistro would take and inflict 400 damage to Quinton. 
 In  episode 59 , Nistro uses this card during his Duel against  Yuma Tsukumo . He Special Summons this card via " Xyz Xtreme !! " with the same card attaching " Heroic Champion - Kusanagi " to this card as an Overlay Unit. " Number 39: Utopia " then attacks this card and Nistro activates this card's effect to detach its Overlay Unit and double its ATK. Yuma then activates the effect of "Utopia" to negate the attack. He then activates " Double or Nothing! " to double the ATK of "Utopia" and let it attack again. "Utopia" then attacks and destroys this card, winning Yuma the Duel. After the Duel, Nistro gives this card to Yuma as a reward for his victory. 
 In  episode 73 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Kite Tenjo . He Xyz Summons this card by overlaying " Gagaga Caesar " and " Gagaga Clerk " (who were both Level 4 via the effect of "Gagaga Caesar"). Yuma then activates this card's effect to double this card's ATK by detaching both its Overlay Units. This card then attacks and destroys Kite's " Starliege Paladynamo ". At the end of the Battle Phase, this card's effect expires. Later " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " attacks this card. Due to the effect of " Galaxy Zero ", the ATK of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" is reduced by 800 during the Battle Phase. "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" then destroys this card. 
 ZEXAL II 
 In  episode 84 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against  Shark . He Xyz Summons this card by overlaying " Ganbara Knight " and " Gagaga Gardna ". Yuma then equips this card with " Magnum Shield ", which increases this card's ATK by its DEF. Yuma then activates this card's effect to double this card's ATK by detaching both its Overlay Units. This card then attacks and destroys " Shark Fortress ", winning Yuma the Duel. 
 In  episode 104 , Yuma uses this card during his Tag-Team Duel with  Dextra  against Nistro and  Alito  while the former was possessed by Alito. He Special Summons this card from his Extra Deck via " Xyz Shift ", which attaches to this card as an Overlay Unit. This card then attacks " Number 54: Lion Heart " and Yuma activates this card's effect to detach its Overlay Unit and double its ATK, but Nistro activates " Battler's Cry " to double the ATK of " Number 54: Lion Heart " (whose ATK was 2600 via " Stoic Challenge " and " Heroic Growth "). Yuma then activates " Soul Strike " to pay 100  Life Points  and increase this card's ATK by the same amount. This makes the effect of "Heroic Growth" no longer apply to "Lion Heart", reducing its ATK to 2600. Alito activates the second effect of " Battlin' Boxer Cheat Commissioner " to end the Battle Phase and forcibly activate " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " from Nistro's hand, but Yuma activates " Overlay Marker " to  negate  the effect of "Cheat Commissioner" and destroy it as well as inflict damage to Alito equal to the total ATK of the battling monsters, defeating him. This frees Nistro from Alito's influence and thus the Duel ends automatically. 
 In  episode 129 , Yuma uses this card during his Duel against Alito. He Xyz Summons this card by overlaying "Gagaga Gardna" and " Tasuke Knight ". This card attacks " Chaos Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus " and Yuma activates this card's effect to detach both of its Overlay Units and double its ATK. Alito activates the effect of " Battlin' Boxer Veil " to reduce the  battle damage  to 0 and Special Summon itself. "Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus" is not destroyed because this card was not a " Number " monster. At the end of the Battle Phase, this card's effect expires. Later "Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus" (whose ATK was 4000 via the effect of " Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk ") attacks this card, but Yuma activates " Xyz Pieces " to negate the attack and  Tribute  this card in order to Special Summon " Darklon " and " Kurivolt ".
 This card also appears in a flashback  Astral  has when he notes that he and Yuma detached "Tasuke Knight" for this card's effect, which will allow them to activate the effect of "Tasuke Knight" while it is in the Graveyard. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 In  chapter 7 ,  Gauche  uses this card during his duel against  Yuma Tsukumo . He Xyz Summons this card by overlaying two copies of " Heroic Challenger - Double Lance ". Gauche then activates this card's effect, detaching both of its Overlay Units to double its ATK. This card then attacks Yuma directly; Yuma activates " Damage Diet " to halve the damage he takes this turn. On Yuma's next turn, the effect of his "Gagaga Girl" reduces this card's ATK to 0. Yuma's 4200 ATK " Muzurhythm the String Djinn " then attacks and destroys this card, winning him the duel. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 3 , this monster makes an appearance in a school advertisement. In this appearance, it was seen wearing blue armor as opposed to red. 
 In  episode 126 , this card appears in  Leo Akaba 's explanation of how  Solid Vision  technology was developed alongside the  Duel Monsters  card game. 
 Video Games 
 Nistro  uses this in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances